- The Books We Keep, The Stories We Tell | Thatcher Wine | TEDxRiNo: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the origin of printed books dates to the year 1440 when Johan Gutenberg invented movable type and the printing press and the modern printed book as we know it was born 576 years ago a lot has happened since then we all know that history is written in books but history also happens because of books religious reformations political revolutions scientific discoveries all announced or incited by words that first appeared on the printed page and yet just a few years ago despite all that history in books and brought on by books printed books themselves almost became history ebooks were supposedly taking over their sales were rapidly accelerating and it seemed like the long successful Run Of gutenberg's Invention might be nearing the end of its useful life from 2008 to 2012 ebooks sold more and more copies and they were projected to surpass the sales of print books within a few years by 2017 Encyclopedia Britannica announced in 2010 that that Year's addition would be their last in print from then on it was digital access only what after is the purpose of this stack of paper with words printed on it when you can get the same words online wherever and whenever you want and then things started to level off print fought back it was like a global realization set in that there's something kind of valuable in this old technology that ebooks have their use but they're not a replacement for all printed books anyone who's been in a bookstore recently knows how much more impressive Prin books have become in recent years in response to their existence becoming threatened it's like they heard rumors of their impending Extinction and made themselves more desirable and attractive think about a printed book you have at home could be your favorite book or just the first book that comes to mind what do you think of when you think of that book is it the plot or a character or something about that book's relationship to you if you thought about your favorite Jane Austin or Hemingway novel perhaps it's a feeling of holding that book in your hands maybe a sense of where on the printed Pages a favorite scene or a passage is located maybe it's a memory of who you were dating when you first read that book printed books have the power to transport us through space and time when I think about my favorite books the first one that comes to mind is the catcher and the Ry and being 1 years old riding the Third Avenue bus to school holding this exact copy it was a little younger then and so was I and I was heading up town it was rainy Autumn morning I became so engrossed in the story of Holden Coffield that I missed my bus stop now compare this to ebooks if you have read one or think of your favorite one or just something that you've consumed on your device via the cloud it's a little different right right do you picture where you were when you read the book what the device felt like it holding it in your hands as you scrolled through the pages do you picture where in your list of downloads that book is maybe it's after the Malcolm Gladwell and before that trashy romance novel you download in the middle of the night we buy books to read them to digest the stories they contain to be entertained to learn something new but why do we keep printed books when I look at my bookshelves I'm reminded of the stories I fell in love with as a kid the subjects I studied in college how these books were so important to me that I took them with me from apartment to apartment house to house in and out of boxes on and off the shelves these books are my story I didn't write a single one of them but they're my story the story of who I am when we add books any printed books to our shelves something magical happens we combine the author and their story with us and our story and the result is a new story and it's completely original like our DNA the combination of books we keep cannot be replicated even if others have the exact same books as us their books have different meaning to them by holding books in our hands for hours as we read them then making a specific specific place for them on our shelves we develop associations that last forever where we were when we bought the books who we were when we read the books where we keep our books and how we organize them the books we keep are about a lot more than just the stories on their Pages or the titles on their spines at the end of the day and the beginning of the day too we live live in a physical world no matter how much technologist try to convince us that we can digitize our entire existence and store everything we own in the cloud this is not the Matrix human beings are not computer code we live in buildings and houses and in the real world we have to make choices about what to keep we can't keep unlimited amounts of stuff we have to decide what to keep and where to put it we choose whether to keep a copy of weing Heights or biography of Winston Churchill whether to give away that book about dog breeds that Aunt Alice gave you or acquire a first edition of a beloved childhood classic these are acts of conscious choice but also of creative expression anyone who sees your books isn't just seeing the creative output of the authors who wrote the books they're seeing the story of who you are written across your bookshelves through the books that you keep when we add a book to our shelves it's more than a book it becomes like a placeholder a reminder an invitation until we come back to it at any time perhaps to reread it or just to think about it as we pass by or maybe respond to a guest who notices it and asks I didn't know you're interested in philosophy walk into any strangers home anywhere in the world and want to know something about them or what to talk about over dinner simply look at their bookshelves when we merge our books with the partners or perhaps add children to the house our books take on new meaning serving to tell the story not just of who we are and where we've been but that of the entire family and our future we could choose to keep other things on our shelves fossils perhaps they make really nice book ends actually but nothing serves to tell the story of who we are where we've been and where we're going like the books that we keep the origin of printed books in all of the stories they tell can be traced back to Gutenberg and his invention 576 years ago fast forward to the present day and it seems like time is simply accelerating we have less and less of it our Focus shifts second by second we scroll through our friends updates on Facebook and Instagram quickly to get the story we get impatient when a movie or a song takes too long to down mode who has time to read a book that takes hours who has time to write a book that years but when we look up from our phones at our bookshelves we're reminded that we once had time to read every one of those books 10 or 20 hours with each one when we look up from the movie We're watching at our books we're reminded that every one of those books took an author years to write we could look at our books and all the time that they represent and just feel overwhelmed but we aren't printed books make us feel comfortable they make us feel like everything is going to be okay as human beings time starved and rushing around printed books are a reminder of the time we once had the time we want want to have the time we hope to have as long as there are printed words on a page they will tell a story and so long as they're printed books on the Shelf they will tell a story the books we keep are the stories we tell it's easy to take printed books for granted it's old technology but it's good technology and whether the books are in our hands or on the shelves whether they're covers are open or shut they keep on telling stories and so should [Applause] we

  Top Comments:
  1. @cedarwine [2 likes]: Great!
  2. @danillopacheco3 [2 likes]: Amazing.
  3. @RattziBro [1 likes]: The connection between books and technology was a pretty cool feeling after having read Fahrenheit 451. Lot of quality thought provoking and relatable thoughts in this video!
  4. @Fiona5475-w1c [1 likes]: This is a great talk, really thought provoking, thank you.
  5. @rupindersayal: This is a great talk on our relationship with our books. Thank you for sharing!
  6. @muhamadaiman1577: just giving views

- |FULL STORY| They Threw Away 15 Years Of My Wine Collecting To House My Sister's Kid – Here's How...: Kind: captions Language: en They threw away 15 years of my wine collecting to house my sister's kid. Here's how I made them pay every penny back. Hi everyone. Today's story will blow your mind. But really quick, if you enjoy this content, hit that subscribe button. Channel's been a bit quiet lately, and your support keeps it all going. Let's jump in. I'm Jackson, 34M, and I need to get this off my chest because I'm honestly devastated right now. Yesterday, I came home from a business trip to discover that my parents had completely gutted my basement wine celler and tasting room to convert it into an apartment for my sister Elelliana's son. Not only did they destroy 15 years of meticulous work building my cellar, but they dumped my entire vintage collection, over 800 bottles worth approximately $180,000 into garbage bags and hauled them to the dump. I know this sounds dramatic, but wine collecting has been my passion since college. What started as curiosity about different varietals evolved into serious collecting. I've spent 15 years carefully curating bottles from prestigious vineyards, tracking auction prices, and building relationships with distributors. My basement wasn't just storage. It was a temperature-cont controlled seller with proper humidity systems, custom wine racks, and a small tasting area where I'd host friends for wine education evenings. The backstory is that my sister Elelliana has always been the family favorite. At 32, she's had three kids with different fathers and constantly needs financial bailouts. 6 months ago, her latest relationship ended badly and she moved back in with our parents with her 16-year-old son, Tyler. Our parents house is small, so Tyler was sleeping on the couch. My parents kept hinting that I should help family since I have a stable job and no kids. I live in a decent house with a finished basement that I converted into my wine sanctuary. The main area had professional-grade wine storage systems, and I'd sectioned off a corner for tasting with comfortable seating and proper glassware. It represented years of passion and significant financial investment. More importantly, it was my space, somewhere I could unwind after stressful days and share my hobby with fellow enthusiasts. My parents have keys to my house for emergencies. I was in Chicago for a week-long conference and they texted saying they needed to check on things. I thought nothing of it. When I walked into my house yesterday, I immediately noticed something was wrong. The basement door was open and I could hear unfamiliar voices downstairs. I went down to find my mother vacuuming while Tyler was setting up a gaming system. The entire space had been transformed into a basic apartment. My custom wine racks were gone. The temperature control system was disconnected. The tasting area had been replaced with a bed and dresser. And my wine collection, 15 years of carefully selected bottles, including some rare vintages I'd waited years to acquire, was completely gone. When I asked where my wine was, my mother casually said they'd cleared out all that old alcohol and threw it away because there wasn't room for it. They'd treated my carefully curated collection like random clutter. I was speechless. We're talking about bottles worth hundreds or thousands of dollars each, including a 1982 Bordeaux I'd saved for a special occasion and several limited releases from prestigious vineyards. My parents acted like I was being unreasonable. My father said Tyler needed stable housing more than I needed. a bunch of expensive bottles gathering dust. My mother added that they'd done me a favor by cleaning up all that junk and that I should be grateful they were helping solve the family housing crisis. I tried explaining the value of what they destroyed, not just financially, but emotionally. These weren't random bottles. They were pieces of history, products of specific vineyards and vintages that could never be replaced. Some bottles were gifts from friends or commemorate special occasions. The 1995 Burgundy was from the year I graduated college. The collection represented my journey as a wine enthusiast. They dismissed all of this as me being materialistic and selfish. Elelliana showed up and started crying about how Tyler needed stability and how cruel I was being by prioritizing expensive alcohol over family. She said they'd planned to reimburse me for whatever the wine cost, completely missing the point that many bottles were irreplaceable and worth far more than their original purchase price. The worst part was Tyler's attitude. This kid I've bought Christmas gifts for, taken to baseball games, and tried to mentor was standing in my destroyed wine celler acting like he deserved to be there. When I asked him to leave while I processed what had happened, he got attitude and said his grandmother, my mother, told him this was his room now. I called the police, but they said it was a civil matter since my parents had keys and there was no forced entry. The officers suggested family mediation. One cop even said I should work it out because family is family. They completely missed that this was destruction of property worth more than many people's cars. I'm currently staying in a hotel because I can't bear being in that house. My parents have made it clear they have no intention of undoing what they've done. They keep calling me immature and selfish, saying, "Real men prioritize family over hobbies." Elelliana has painted herself as a struggling single mother who just needs help, conveniently ignoring that this help came at the complete destruction of my personal space and valuable collection. I've contacted a lawyer, but they warned that family property disputes are complicated and expensive. Insurance might cover some of the loss, but I'd need documentation of every bottle's value, and many pieces were gifts or purchases from years ago without proper receipts. I keep thinking about all the time and passion I invested in that collection. The research into different regions and vintages. The excitement of finding rare bottles. The peaceful evenings spent in my tasting room learning about different wine- makingaking techniques. The pride I felt when friends complimented my seller's organization and selection. All of that is gone because my family decided Tyler's comfort was more important than my property, my passion, or my consent. I love my family, but I'm struggling to see how we come back from this. They've shown such disrespect for my interests, my property, and my autonomy. The casual way they discarded something so meaningful to me feels like a betrayal that cuts deeper than just a financial loss. Has anyone dealt with family completely destroying something precious to you? How do you rebuild trust after something like this? I'm lost and heartbroken, and I honestly don't know what to do next. Update one, 3 weeks later. I never expected my post to get so much attention, but I wanted to update everyone who offered support and advice. The past 3 weeks have been a whirlwind of legal consultations, insurance claims, and family drama that's revealed even more about my parents mindset. First, the legal front. I consulted with three different attorneys. The consensus was that while I had grounds for a civil suit, proving the exact value of the wine collection would be challenging, and family litigation is expensive and emotionally draining. However, one attorney specializing in property disputes took my case on contingency, interested in the unique nature of the claim. The insurance revelation was both promising and infuriating. My homeowner's policy had minimal coverage for collectibles, but my wine collection was separately insured through a valuable articles policy I'd obtained 3 years ago when the collections value exceeded $100,000. I'd been meticulous about documentation, photographing new acquisitions, and maintaining detailed records of purchases, valuations, and storage conditions. When the insurance adjuster came to assess the damage, he was genuinely shocked. He'd handled art theft and jewelry claims, but never seen such deliberate destruction of a properly insured collection by family members. He photographed the basement conversion and documented everything my parents had removed or destroyed. The temperature control system alone was worth $8,000, not including installation. The adjusters report was devastating for my parents' position. He noted that the wine racks were high-end custom installations worth approximately $15,000. The climate control system was professionally designed for wine storage, and the conversion showed clear intent to permanently alter the space. Most importantly, he confirmed that throwing away the wine collection constituted willful destruction of insured property. Here's where things got interesting. During his investigation, the adjuster discovered that my parents had hired contractors to help with a basement conversion. They'd paid someone to remove and dispose of the wine racks and had a handyman disconnect the climate control system. This wasn't impulsive decision-making. It was premeditated destruction. I also learned something that made me even angrier. Remember how my parents kept saying they'd reimburse me for whatever the wine cost. They actually had no idea what they destroyed. When I pressed them for specifics about what bottles they'd thrown away, they couldn't name a single vintage or vineyard. My mother actually said, "Wine is wine. It's all the same expensive nonsense." This comment revealed the fundamental disconnect. They never saw my collection as anything more than expensive alcohol. They didn't understand that wine collecting involves research, patience, and genuine passion for the craft. The idea that a 1982 Bordeaux might be irreplaceable or that certain bottles appreciate in value over decades was completely foreign to them. The conversation where this came up was brutal. I asked my father to name three bottles for my collection, and he couldn't. I asked my mother what year the burgundy section was focused on, and she looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language. These people had destroyed 15 years of my passion without ever caring enough to understand what they were destroying. Tyler, meanwhile, has completely settled into the basement apartment. He's painted the walls, brought friends over, and treats the space like it's permanently his. When I stopped by to retrieve some personal items I'd left behind, he was hosting a party. Kids were everywhere using the former tasting area as a hangout spot. The disrespect was mind-blowing. Elelliana has doubled down on the victim narrative. She's told extended family that I'm trying to evict a struggling teenager over some old wine bottles. She's painted herself as a devoted mother whose brother is prioritizing material possessions over family welfare. Several relatives have called me selfish and two uncles have stopped speaking to me entirely. The family dynamics have become toxic. My parents are now claiming that I owed them for years of family support, citing things like Christmas gifts they gave me as a child and times they helped me during college. They've retroactively decided that my wine seller was some form of debt that needed to be repaid through housing Tyler. My mother actually said, "We gave you life and you're worried about some bottles." The entitlement is staggering. They genuinely believe that because they're my parents, they have the right to make decisions about my property, especially when it serves what they consider a greater family good. I've had to block multiple family members on social media because of the harassment. Elelliana posted photos of Tyler in his room talking about how grateful she was that some family members stepped up to help. The implication was clear. I was the selfish family member who hadn't stepped up. The worst part is that none of this was necessary. I would have helped with Tyler's housing situation if they'd approached me like adults. I could have helped Elelliana find an apartment, contributed to rent, or even temporarily housed Tyler in my guest room upstairs, but they chose the nuclear option of destroying my space instead of having a conversation. I'm currently living in a furnished rental while this gets sorted out. I can't bear being in that house knowing my parents feel entitled to change it however they see fit. The violation of trust goes beyond the financial loss. It's the assumption that my consent wasn't required for decisions about my own property. The insurance claim is proceeding, but it'll take months to resolve. Even with documentation, proving the exact value of vintage wines requires expert appraisals and market research. Some bottles in my collection had appreciated significantly since purchase, and others were gifts or unique acquisitions that can't be easily valued. I've started documenting everything for legal purposes, photographing the basement conversion, saving all text messages and voicemails, and maintaining detailed records of every conversation. My attorney says we have a strong case, but warns that family litigation can take years and may permanently destroy relationships. Honestly, I'm not sure those relationships are worth preserving. My parents have shown such profound disrespect for my autonomy and interests that I question whether we can ever have a healthy dynamic. They've made it clear that they see me as a resource to be managed rather than an independent adult whose property and choices deserve respect. I'll update again when there are developments with the insurance claim or legal proceedings. For now, I'm focusing on moving forward and trying to rebuild what was lost, both materially and emotionally. Update two, 3 months later. The insurance settlement came through, and it's been a complete gamecher for both the legal case and family dynamics. I need to share this because it's been a wild ride, and many of you offered such helpful advice about documentation and legal options. The insurance company completed their investigation and approved a settlement of $187,000 for the destroyed wine collection, plus an additional $23,000 for the damaged climate control system and custom wine storage equipment. The adjusters's final report was incredibly thorough, including expert valuations from wine auction houses and testimony from Somalier professionals about the collections rarity and proper storage requirements. What made the settlement so substantial was the documentation I'd maintained over the years. For serious wine collectors, insurance experts recommend comprehensive recordkeeping, including photographs, purchase receipts, and regular appraisals. Investipedia distinguished. Every bottle had been photographed, cataloged with purchase date and price, and I'd maintained detailed notes about storage conditions and provenence. The insurance company also hired a wine expert to review my collection records. He confirmed that several bottles had appreciated significantly since purchase. Particularly a 1989 Chateau Pishan Baron that I bought for $180 in 2015, but was worth over $800 at the time of destruction. The 1982 Bordeaux that I'd mentioned was valued at $1,200. And a complete set of Opus 1 verticals from the 1990s was worth nearly $15,000. But here's where things got really interesting and where my parents legal troubles began. During the insurance investigation, it came out that they'd actually sold some of my wine collection rather than throwing it all away. A neighbor mentioned seeing my father loading wine boxes into his car multiple times during the week they were cleaning out the basement. When confronted, my parents initially denied this, but the insurance investigator found receipts from a local wine shop where they'd sold approximately 200 bottles for my collection. They' pocketed about $8,000 from these sales, using the money to pay for Tyler's bedroom furniture and other conversion costs. This changed everything legally. What had been destruction of property was now theft and fraud. My attorney immediately filed both civil and criminal complaints. The police, who'd previously treated this as a family dispute, suddenly took it very seriously when presented with evidence of actual theft. My parents completely panicked when they realized the legal implications. They hired a lawyer, but their position was essentially indefensible. There was clear evidence they'd intentionally disposed of my property, sold some of it for profit, and lied about the extent of the destruction. The family dynamics exploded. Elelliana, who'd been playing the victim card for months, suddenly realized her housing solution might result in our parents facing criminal charges. She called me crying, begging me to drop the charges and work something out. The irony wasn't lost on me. Now she wanted family unity and compromise. Extended family members who had been criticizing me started reaching out with very different tones. Uncle Richard, who'd called me selfish for prioritizing material things over family, suddenly wanted to discuss reasonable solutions when he learned about the insurance settlement and criminal charges. My parents offered to pay restitution, but by then it was too late. The criminal case was out of my hands, and the civil case was proceeding based on clear evidence of property destruction and theft. Their lawyer advised them to settle quickly to avoid potential jail time for theft of property over $10,000. The civil settlement was substantial. My parents had to pay $45,000 in restitution, covering the stolen wine sales, legal fees, and punitive damages for the unauthorized property conversion. They also had to sign a legal agreement acknowledging wrongful destruction of property, and agreeing to never again enter my home without explicit permission. More importantly, they had to reverse the basement conversion at their own expense. Tyler had to move out and they had to hire contractors to restore the space to its original condition. This included reinstalling proper electrical for climate control, repairing walls they damaged during the conversion, and professional cleaning to remove any odors or damage from the unauthorized occupation. Tyler's eviction was dramatic. He'd fully settled into the space, had friends over regularly, and genuinely seemed to believe the room was permanently his. When the sheriff's deputy served the eviction notice, he called me directly, crying and asking why I was doing this to him. I actually felt bad for Tyler in that moment. He's a kid who'd been used as a pawn in his grandmother's manipulation scheme. But I couldn't let my parents poor choices continue enabling a situation built on property theft and boundary violations. Tyler's housing needs didn't justify destroying my property without consent. Elelliana had to scramble for new arrangements. She briefly tried moving Tyler back to the couch in my parents house, but the stress of the legal situation made that impossible. She eventually found an apartment across town, funded partly by my parents, who were liquidating assets to pay the settlement, and partly by social services assistance she should have pursued months earlier. The most satisfying part was watching my parents face consequences for their entitled decision-making. They'd assumed that because they were family, they could make unilateral decisions about my property, and I'd eventually get over it. The insurance settlement and legal case proved that actions have consequences regardless of family relationships. My parents tried one last manipulation tactic, showing up at my workplace to create a scene and pressure me to drop the legal action. They wanted to talk like adults and find a solution that works for everyone. I refused to engage and had building security escort them out. Their public behavior only strengthened my resolve to maintain firm boundaries. The restored basement is currently empty while I decide how to move forward. The original wine racks and climate control system were damaged beyond repair. So, I'm researching new storage solutions. Part of me wants to rebuild the wine celler exactly as it was, while another part considers converting the space to something completely different. I've started rebuilding my wine collection slowly and carefully. With the insurance settlement, I have resources to acquire quality bottles, but I'm being more strategic about storage and security. Any new collection will have enhanced documentation, upgraded security systems, and legal protections that make unauthorized access clearly criminal. The family relationships remain strained, possibly permanently. My parents have never actually apologized for the property destruction, only for the misunderstanding and the way things escalated. They still fundamentally believe they were justified in prioritizing Tyler's housing needs over my property rights. Elelliana continues to paint herself as a victim now of my vindictive legal action rather than just my selfishness. She's told people that I destroyed the family over some wine bottles, completely ignoring that she enabled property theft and fraud. I've established clear boundaries moving forward. My parents no longer have keys to my house and any family contact goes through my attorney. I've blocked most extended family members who took their side. Keeping relationships only with a few relatives who understood that property rights and consent matter regardless of family dynamics. The most important lesson has been about standing firm when people try to manipulate you through family obligation. My parents counted on me eventually backing down to keep peace and preserve family relationships. Instead, holding firm boundaries taught everyone that my property and consent aren't negotiable, even for family emergencies. I'll update once more when the basement restoration is complete and I decide how to move forward with that space. For now, I'm focused on rebuilding and maintaining the boundaries that should have existed from the beginning. Final update, 6 months later. I'm writing this final update for my completely restored basement wine celler, and I have to say it's better than ever. The past 6 months have been about rebuilding, both literally and figuratively. And I wanted to share how everything ultimately worked out. The basement restoration was completed 2 months ago. Rather than simply replacing what was destroyed, I use this as an opportunity to upgrade everything. The new climate control system is state-of-the-art with redundant backup systems and smartphone monitoring, so I can track temperature and humidity remotely. The wine storage solution is customdesigned with enhanced security features, including individual bottle tracking and discrete camera systems. The new tasting area is more sophisticated than the original. I invested in professional-grade tasting equipment, proper lighting for wine evaluation, and comfortable seating arranged for both solo enjoyment and group education sessions. The space feels like a proper wine sanctuary designed by someone who truly understands serious collecting. Rebuilding my collection has been an unexpected joy. Rather than trying to recreate what was lost, I've approached this as an opportunity to be even more strategic and focused. With the insurance settlement providing substantial resources, I've been able to acquire bottles that were previously beyond my budget, including some rare vintages from legendary producers. I've also established relationships with serious collectors and dealers who appreciate my commitment to proper storage and documentation. Word travels in wine collecting circles, and the story of my family's destruction and my systematic rebuilding has actually opened doors to exclusive allocations and private sales that weren't available to me before. The security upgrades extend beyond just cameras and monitoring. I've installed a comprehensive access control system that logs every entry to the basement area. More importantly, I've legally protected the space with documentation that clearly establishes it as a dedicated wine storage facility, making any unauthorized access automatically criminal trespass. My parents completed their court-ordered restitution payments. Last month, the final payment was accompanied by a letter from their attorney acknowledging full responsibility for the property destruction and theft. While this wasn't a personal apology, it was legal recognition that their actions were wrong and costly. The criminal charges against my parents were ultimately reduced to misdemeanor theft and property destruction in exchange for their full cooperation with restitution. They received probation and community service, but no jail time. Honestly, I was satisfied with this outcome. I wanted accountability, not revenge. Tyler's situation has actually improved significantly. After the initial drama of being evicted from the basement, Elelliana was forced to seek proper assistance for their housing needs, Tyler is now in a legitimate apartment with his mother, enrolled in a better school district, and receiving the stability he actually needed rather than the makeshift solution my parents had created. Interestingly, Tyler reached out to me directly about a month ago. He apologized for his attitude during the basement occupation and said he understood now that it was wrong to use my space without permission. He asked if he could visit sometime to learn about wine collecting, expressing genuine curiosity about why it mattered so much to me. I agreed to a short visit, which went well. He's still a teenager, but he seemed to grasp that my reaction wasn't about rejecting him personally. It was about protecting my property and passion. Elelliana and I have had limited contact, mostly logistics related to Tyler's apology visit. She's never directly apologized for her role in the situation, but she has acknowledged that mistakes were made and that she understands why I was upset. It's not a full acceptance of responsibility, but it's progress from her previous position that I was being selfish and vindictive. My parents remain largely unrepentant about their core decision-making. They've paid the restitution and acknowledge the legal wrongness of their actions, but they still believe they were morally justified in prioritizing Tyler's needs over my property rights. My mother still occasionally makes comments about how family should come first, and my father has muttered about me being too materialistic. This persistent attitude has helped me maintain healthy boundaries. I now realize that my parents view family relationships as inherently hierarchical with their needs and preferences taking automatic precedence over mine. Understanding this dynamic has made it easier to maintain distance and protect my interests going forward. The extended family situation has largely resolved itself. Most relatives have moved on from the drama, and the few who still criticize my handling of the situation, have minimal contact with me anyway. Uncle Richard, who initially called me selfish, has actually become more respectful since learning about the insurance settlement and legal costs my parents faced. I've discovered that standing firm on boundaries, especially when people are testing them through family pressure, actually earns more respect than constantly compromising does. Several relatives who previously viewed me as the pushover family member now treat me with much greater consideration and respect. The wine education evenings have resumed and are better than ever. My friends were incredibly supportive throughout this ordeal and several have become more serious about wine appreciation themselves. The restored tasting room regularly hosts small groups for structured tastings and I've even started mentoring a few people who are beginning their own collecting journeys. I've also begun participating in wine collecting forums and organizations more actively. The experience of losing and rebuilding my collection has given me unique perspective on the importance of proper documentation, insurance, and security. I've written several articles for collecting publications about protecting wine investments and maintaining detailed records. One unexpected positive outcome has been connecting with other collectors who faced similar family boundary violations. There's apparently a whole community of people whose relatives have damaged, stolen, or borrowed valuable collections without permission. Sharing strategies for protection and recovery has been both helpful and validating. My approach to family relationships has fundamentally changed. I no longer assume that family members have good intentions or that their problems automatically create obligations for me. Every request for help, visit, or favor now gets evaluated based on whether it respects my boundaries and autonomy rather than automatically being granted because family is family. This doesn't mean I've become cold or uncaring. It means I've learned to distinguish between genuine family relationships built on mutual respect and manipulative family dynamics that expect unconditional sacrifice. The people who respect my boundaries and interests are the ones I maintain close relationships with regardless of whether they're blood relatives or chosen family. Looking back, I'm grateful this situation forced me to establish proper boundaries and legal protections. My collection is now better protected. My living space is secure and my relationships are based on mutual respect rather than assumption and entitlement. The financial and emotional cost was significant, but the outcome has been worth it. I've learned that you can't control other people's actions, but you can control your responses to them. My parents chose to destroy my property and steal from my collection. I chose to pursue legal accountability and rebuild with better protections. Their choices cost them money, relationships, and legal trouble. My choices resulted in a better collection, stronger boundaries, and healthier relationships. To anyone dealing with family members who don't respect boundaries or property rights, document everything. Don't back down from reasonable consequences. And remember that maintaining family peace isn't your responsibility if others are violating your autonomy. Sometimes the relationships worth preserving are the ones that survive you standing up for yourself. My wine celler is now a sanctuary again, physically beautiful, properly protected, and filled with carefully chosen bottles that represent my passion and expertise. More importantly, it's a space that reflects my values, boundaries, and commitment to building something meaningful rather than just keeping everyone else happy. The vintage burgundy I'm enjoying as I write this update is from a producer I'd never tried before. A new discovery that came from the connections and opportunities created through rebuilding. Sometimes losing everything forces you to build back better, and that's exactly what happened here. Family relationships matter, but they shouldn't require sacrificing your autonomy, property, or passions. The people who truly care about you will respect your boundaries and interests, not demand that you abandon them for their convenience. That's the lesson I'll carry forward, wine glass in hand, in my perfectly climate controlled cellar that no one can ever take away from me again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shirleyanneyoung955 [8 likes]: If this story was genuine I’d be laughing heartily at op living elsewhere while he allowed Tyler to stay in his home.
  2. @yjvs1009 [6 likes]: Why, Did you let a 16year old kid make you leave YOUR HOME. That's Hella week. Not me. He and  his mom would both be the heck out my house. No matter family or not. Period. 😠😠😠
  3. @sst1911 [5 likes]: This is YOUR HOME! Why did you move out? That's basically giving them approval to do what they did.
  4. @denbo-p9v [4 likes]: Just another poorly thought out nonsense story.  I will be moving on.
  5. @richardogden4504 [4 likes]: Lawyer up and file suit for property conversion.
  6. @sgt.grinch3299 [3 likes]: Petty? Tom Petty said “Don’t come around here no more!”.
  7. @Meistroli [2 likes]: Sister can join the law suit against the parents as there would be one.. Tyler would either out or in jail..
  8. @ladykemma3 [2 likes]: Could have had a guest room.
  9. @ladykemma3 [2 likes]: I, too, have an unusual collection of lenox china. If i came home and found it gone. I would have a similar emotional reaction. What a betrayal. Fiction  story got me in the gut.
  10. @bigheadache [2 likes]: Honestly these fake stories are rubbish. Who moves out of their own house. And how come the story goes from him not having much  documentation to update 1 he has all these records?
  11. @JenkinHorne [1 likes]: In your place, I'd be far more concerned with sending my family to prison than recovering my money. Disappointingly, no one in these stories ever seems to do gaol time---sigh...
  12. @MegaGABI1968: Parties in my house without my permission? Wow! And he moved at the hotel? Really? You don't need enemies with families like those!😅
  13. @MegaGABI1968: Police was unprofessional.
  14. @myra-n3d: Real men do not give Mommy and Daddy keys !!!
  15. @myra-n3d: How did they even get in.!?!?!?
  16. @VJS1818: Why can’t AI  come up with a story that’s not idiotic and completely unbelievable. 🙄
  17. @lawrencemajor305: Why didn’t he say get the fuck out of my house?
  18. @hankogle6858: I’m 57 years old and since I was a teenager. I always told whoever it applied to that my things are more valuable. Than any family member or friends life. Of course having children and grandchildren I have stepped back a little

- Stories of Your Stuff: Jug O'Wine (Ep. 2): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello welcome back to stories of your stuff i'm eric cheever collections curator here at stearns history museum on today's episode we're going to be looking at a large two gallon crockery jug that was brought in by one of our members this guy right here two gallon crockery jug looks like it was manufactured by red wing and it's labeled with the california wine house saint cloud minnesota so the member brought this jug in she said that her her husband had found the jug in the basement of a house several years back other than that they have no no other information she asked us to find out what the california wine house was and what exactly this jug was used for interestingly this jug has ties to the very early days of commercial saint cloud the california wine house was a saloon and liquor store which operated from 1896 until 1914 and was located at the corner of fifth and saint-germain 502 saint-germain street to be exact this is a historic location the second frame building ever constructed in saint cloud was built here in 1855 by joseph edelbrock to house his general merchandise store edelbrock's building housed a number of saint cloud firsts including the first mass the first school the first bank and was home to the saint cloud union newspaper in 1881 edelbrock moved his wood frame store and constructed a red brick commercial building which stood for many years joseph retired in 1891 selling his store to a son-in-law who promptly drove the business into the ground enter nick lambert lambert was an early saloon keeper in saint cloud who purchased the 502 st germain property as home for his new business venture called the california wine house there were six other successful california winehouse locations in minnesota at the time including minneapolis st paul mankato duluth and crookston so it must have seemed like a good and safe bet these larger jugs were sold to physicians and others who would prescribe wine to treat ailments hey you could go to the doctor and come home with a bottle of wine here is a testimonial letter from a physician in saint paul singing the praises of california winehouse wine gentlemen for the last two and one half years i have been using your wines and brandies in my practice and have prescribed them in many different cases for sicknesses and with good results i can conscientiously recommend them as perfectly pure and unadulterated very truly yours dr k h e castle st paul they were also used by other businesses and individuals that needed wine in larger volume than the standard quart bottle of the time the jugs were also available in a one gallon size think of it as the box wine of its day lambert successfully ran the california wine house until june 30th 1914 when he closed up shop and filed for bankruptcy it's interesting that in his petition for bankruptcy his liabilities were listed as eight thousand seven hundred seventy four dollars and ninety cents well his assets were 8 676 dollars and 25 cents he filed for bankruptcy over 98 dollars and 65 cents the location was immediately taken over by val tyson and john may becoming the corner cigar store in billiard hall and was heavily remodeled this building would remain a bar eatery for the next 106 years until arson claimed it in a spectacular nighttime fire in february of 2020. 502 st germain had been known as the press bar since 1946 and had been an institution to generations of st cloud folk the fire claimed one of saint cloud's most historic commercial properties and left a gaping hole in the fabric of the city and there we have it boxed wine circa it was there to cure what ails you to top it off we got a nice little historic walking tour of 502 st germain street one of the most significant commercial properties in historic saint cloud and at one time your connection to the sunny vineyards of california so thank you so much for watching and keep sending us pictures of your stuff

- The Story of Vivino - with Founder @RawStartup: Kind: captions Language: en we have to live with a product that's pretty mediocre in the beginning but sort of seeing the big picture and now being much better than everybody else because we spent all that time right because our pad always trades everything one star we're not going to be take it to and I think the potential is great because and so I guess you lie a little bit that's one way to do it but really what we're doing was selfishly building the data we've democratized it so that any wine producer in the world you make a great wine it will be seen and we'll see hey this is a great wine you should taste it and we will not uh remove reviews and ratings at request you are you working on some secret new projects hello everybody and this is the top arpat podcast and today we have a very special guest H zakaris he is the founder and chairman of weo which is the most popular wine app in the world with more than 50 million users and hundreds of millions of wine ratings reviews wine labels lots of educational content on wine regions grape varieties and everything about the wine industry besides Vio he's involved in multiple different uh tech companies and recently he started his YouTube channel and uh podcast where he discusses uh Tech entrepreneurship and all the sort of stuff so thank you for joining I thank you very much for inviting me thank you it's very nice to meet you so I think we should start with the main question and to help our viewers understand maybe those who never used weo what is weo yeah the the whole idea of Vino is to help people uh drink better wine and and you know with the technology like when when the smartphones were launched there was an ability to take a picture of a wine label and then connect that to data and that's what we do you can you can install the appino on your iPhone or Android and you can take a picture of any bottle of wine in the world we'll tell you exactly if it's good or not so good how much it costs where it comes from what it tastes like everything you need and in many cases you also tell you where to buy it so uh it's an app that helps you drink better wine exactly exactly and when was this when did you start it at 2010 right so we started in 2010 um the iPhone launched in in seven the App Store in 8 so like two years after the App Store had launched wow so that it was pretty early and how did you come up with the with the idea have you ever have you uh been in the wine industry before that or how did this idea uh come up much more of a a product person and really wanted to solve a problem and and really the problem I had was walking into a supermarket and looking at this wall of wine and thinking what the heck do I buy and um and I just couldn't understand why every movie and every piece of music and every taxi driver was rated uh but not wine so that was a little bit strange to me and and wanted to see if it was possible to build this um definitely was a little bit tricky because there were there was no database so we built that all from scratch yeah exactly and I think today probably wein know is the is the largest Vine database probably yes I would think so I would think so we have around I think including vintages like 13 14 million Wines in the database and I think around 200,000 producers from everywhere in the world and and the most important thing here is really that the wines that have the most data and the most ratings are what people actually drink because it's it's community so so the data and the ratings become better and better for the more popular ones not higher and higher but better and better data uh so so there's no doubt about every single wine that the people have we usually have a rating exactly that's that's the beauty of uh crowd sourcing this information because the the those informations that are the most needed are probably the the most available and uh those mines have the has have the most uh reviews and yeah I do agree that it is it is uh quite interesting that before that there was no such rating system for the wine industry only the critics uh scores which can be a little bit harder to understand for the general consumer or a little bit too elevated yeah they can't be uh and they're they're probably good because these people know what they're doing right the biggest challenge really is that they're not scalable right meaning that someone like wine spectator Park they would rate say 20,000 wines a year obviously the most highed ones but if you compare their 20,000 a year we get 100,000 ratings a day yeah right so it just gives you an idea about the scale right of course of course but how do you how do you cope with the with the difference of like a proficiency or the accuracy of the ratings because obviously some of those ratings have to be like inaccurate because there is there are some some uh objectivity yeah so so um it's a good question and we we talk a lot about this but the way we deal with it is we do absolutely nothing um every rating you see in the VL is an average of the ratings that the Ys have we always show how many ratings it it's had and like you say some of them are a little bit too high others are a little bit too low but what comes out in the other end we checked a lot and it's incredibly good and it really in the cases where there is an expert that has done it it aligns it correlates really well with them it's just a little bit more consistent because it's more people that that rate so so other apps especially like restaurant apps have issues because there's a lot of one and five star ratings we don't see that like when you go to a restaurant get it turns out you get mad more mad at a waiter than you do at a bottle of wine and so so we we have incredible good Distribution on the ratings so not that we're especially smart but it's just the way it is yes people rate wine differently than they do restaurants ah I see yeah that makes sense so there are less outliers in the ratings yeah H interesting and obviously at the the law of the big numbers probably the the higher rating number wines are quite accurate and it is also very smart you mentioned that uh it says how many ratings uh the wine has so if you see a wine which is like very local not very known and you see that it has three ratings then probably yeah you shouldn't it then it is what it is right you have to be a little bit more careful but but something to mention here that the restaurant apps the yels and the trip advisor of the worlds they do actually put different weight on it and not necessarily because they want to but they realize that they have to uh because it's a little bit more inconsistent their data I see so there are like algorithms that like meas if there is a one star and maybe it was an outlier situation or or because rpad always trades everything one star we're not going to be take it to look they look at people and people that are good at rating something that is sort of more consistent they will op there right which is I think it's okay if they have to we we just don't have to H that's very interesting I never thought about that but makes sense completely and uh so you started in 2010 and what was the what was the first product how did how did Vio look at the beginning yeah not great um it was so we've really had a philosophy to release early and and get the product out because um when you get it out there you start building the data of the right wines and so on so we really wanted to release early so in the early days it was basically like an HTML frame that that had a like a very very simple app with with sorry an app with a frame with HTML inside so it was super simple um because we just wanted to get out there and start collecting data because I think we realized really quickly that the killer feature of this app was not how amazing it was going to look it was the data whoever had the best data was going to win this game so we doubled down on that and it took us a while to build like an amazing app that looked nice and so on now it does but it it really didn't back then it was really quite simple as we we really doubled down on data yeah the minimal viable product as you talk about it a lot uh on your channel and yeah I I can see that because uh as you mentioned here the data is the is the most important part and what was your strategy at the beginning to acquire this data because obviously without people knowing about the app and without any data on the app uh it it probably was pretty hard to to start yeah I mean first you yeah totally first you uh so when we started I think we went out and said hey we match around 30% of the wines out there it was May probably closer to 10 so I guess you lie a little bit that's one way to do it and the other thing you can do is is to try and do some hacks that sort of build the confidence right so if you scan a bottle of wine that we don't know we had a team that looked at that wine right away so often within minutes sometimes within hours we would come back to you by email or yeah I don't think we did push notifications back there but by email saying hey arpad we've matched your wine here's what we found people that okay something happened I'm going to give this another shot and so do all these hacks that are not scalable until you build a scalable business wow that's very interesting so you you had like professionals or like researchers H yeah I would say yeah very basic researchers I would say right look at the label research on Google find whatever data you can add it into the database and then go back say hey we found the wine is this it oh good then maybe I'll rate it and so on so slowly You're Building data on that wine wow that is very interesting and how how were you able to do this did you already have invest s at this point and how many people are we talking about here the the researchers we had quite a lot of people I mean pens of people actually doing this pretty early on because it was not about it was not necessarily just about that situation it was about building the data right we knew that once we got that new label in there sure we Serv as that person a little bit extra but really the data um and yeah and we got we got invested very early on and and that's you know with these consumer plays you have to um yeah you have to invest quite a lot because these products are free and you're building date at the same time so so we needed money pretty early on yeah I see in this particular situation I can imagine and from so you get someone scans a wine you get a new label and then you are entering not just data not just about that wine but you already went into the like grape variety and the wine region questions that you I see so then you build like a here so so our people were building like the the sort of the data about the specific data about what grape is it what region is it all those things name and Winery and so on but then the more opinionated stuff that came from the user that sort of was put on top of that right um but as soon as we did that once we I have a picture of this wine you usually actually need multiple pictures of the wine to be able to match it and at least to do it well so so then just keep building that and keep building that until it gets better hm that's that's very cool uh just a uh quick question here about the questions because there is one thing that I I noticed which is very fascinating for me and I always wondered how how is this uh uh going on that for every s almost every single wine that I look up the best quality image is from weo and the the on the bottom of the wine uh bottle it says wein know so it's from the site you are you have a studio where you uh take pictures of these vines or what or what is yeah this was a huge huge project for us so so when we started selling wine uh back in 16 or so H we realized we had not quite a billion but maybe at that we have two billion pictures of wine bottles now right but but we maybe had half a billion bottles and we realized at that point that these pictures that we had they were not good enough they just weren't good enough I mean I'm G to buy a wine it looks like somebody's holding it a hand at a restaurant that that's not going to fly so we started u again it's all about priorities and and doing the most important things for us so we looked at one are the most scanned Wines in the world and we started sourcing our own pictures so so we built went from scratch to all the producers in the world found the pictures cleaned them up and then put it into our database so they're all sourced from The Producers um I see yeah and and again it's about starting a top and finding the most sced wines and then you work your way out but huge project um that we still do and we started that uh six seven years ago we just keep doing it okay so it's still growing and growing yeah that's that's great so coming back to the to the previous question about building the team maybe a more General approach uh that you would give uh as an advice for a young entrepreneurs on building teams at the beginning beginning St stage uh what were what was your strategy at this point yeah I think it's it's um obviously a really good question because it all comes down to the team as as you can imagine I sometimes look at it as a a let's say it's a pizza and and once if you're a solo founder the different jobs you have to do that's the full pizza and then you have to take pieces out that maybe someone else is better at than you are and then hand it over but in the beginning if you go from one to two people then you have to find a relatively Big Slice which means you're looking for of broader people in the beginning um but as you get bigger and bigger the slices become smaller and smaller and people get more and more specialized I just like to think about it like that because the the the the co-founder or the first employee they are going to be very different than than employee number 51 because at 51 you can you can really hire a real specialist and you might not want that as employee number three wow that's that's a very very good way to think about it I think I think it help yeah it helps a lot because obviously at the beginning you need generalists because you can't can't really uh do it other way wow that's great this should be a quote the pizza quote the pizza quote of uh hiring yeah that's that's really great and it helps a lot for uh for people and uh what what were the uh biggest uh uh challenges at the beginning I know that you had to make some some uh some tough decisions moving even moving to the US at some point yeah I think that was definitely hard I I look a young family back then I had kids that were teenagers and younger that was definitely very very difficult um but at the same time look we knew that most consumer apps and consumer anything if you want to like be a global winner you're probably going to be in the US and you might even be like within 30 kilometer out of San Francisco right if you look at your app your phone now and look at the apps you have on your phone holy 80% are within a few kilometers of San Francisco right so it's pretty wild and I think that helped us a lot um from a from a product point of view it was really the data um there's a reason why nobody had done this before it is it's really really hard to build such a big data set from scratch and people feel okay this is a good it is a good data set now and but have to have this mentality of improving the product like 0.1% every day there are no silver bullets you just keep grinding and making better and better and over time it really compounds and becomes very very strong but it takes a while you have to have a certain you have to sometimes we say look if you're a baseball player um if you're a really good baseball player you hit 30% of the time which means you have to be really good at losing and missing as a baseball player and and we we did a lot of that in the beginning we have to live with with a product that's pretty mediocre in the beginning but sort of seeing the big picture and now being much better than everybody else because we spent all that time right yeah exactly but on the other hand uh I think that it also uh helps a little bit be the fact that it is quite easy to measure so you can see the the progress progress all times yeah but slowly right but slowly slowly slowly in the early days we looked a lot at match rate and look we're matching 67% now we're matching and then when we hit a high number you realized it was the accuracy was really bad and then you have to focus on accuracy right of course of course when did the the biggest growth or the growth start to happen when was your biggest grow break yeah I think so basically took us two years to get a real breakthrough so it was two years with a very very low number of users and then when we got 2012 to 2013 it just totally blew up and and sort of a theory around that is that when the product starts working more than it doesn't people give it a shot right so once we hit like 60 70% working people said oh there is something here and another I think important thing in many categories is you don't have to be a good product but you want to be the best product right so what that means is that if we match 60% that it really isn't a good product but if the next one is a 20 you're doing pretty well so just make sure you're ahead of the pack all the time it still doesn't have to be an amazing product but it's probably the best one yeah yeah but and also the competition at that point was uh quite big I read an article today uh that there were already like hundreds I think maybe 500 VN yeah 600 ex 600 wow which was very very surprising for me because and as you mentioned that the most important thing is to be on the top for the past few years people don't even know other whys ex but the thing is also you have is that once you are on top um that's where everything sort of floats right which means that the investors are going to look for you and and then you get more funding and then you get more users so once it really starts spinning it's hard for people to catch up so so that's sort of the strength of being on top yeah the exponential growth when when it starts then and especially as we already mentioned multiple times the data the data is very hard to to catch up with even if you in maybe other categories there are some viral explosions some app goes viral and everybody jumps on but here if you don't have the data then it's hard it's hard extremely yeah and how did you how and when did you start to monetize the app and what was what were the the main Logics yeah I oh so we started uh in 2016 um which means it's many years in H but the thing we could always say is like the the how to monetize this is pretty obvious like you drink a bot of wine now you can buy it through that's amazing and all the invest everyone including ourselves we really bought into that um and and it went really well I think like 2018 we could say okay this is working and then 2020 we really sort of when Co started we really grew incredibly fast over 100% growth in sales and so on so so that was just just wild um yeah so that's been a quy journey but we also landed after Co we can get back into that at some point yeah and uh how how does the buying through the app works so what is the exact process sure yeah so we integrate with with these uh partners that can ship to priv to people throughout the world uh in Europe it actually is more and more cross B meaning in France you will not only see French Merchants you will see others too and we ship from other markets too uh us it's it's us to us so far it's it's a little bit too comp licated but we have like 6 700 merchants on and they're integrated into the app and then it says okay this particular one you're looking at can it Shi to wherever you are if yes we'll show a buy button and then you can buy it and everything goes through and and they ship the wine too and then we we charge them something for that okay I see yeah that that makes sense and uh it is a great way to do it and you also do ads right yes so that started actually not too long ago so we' we've had these sponsorships of wineries for a long time uh which means that wineries can sort of position themselves a little bit better inside the app so when you scan a wine they'll get a video they can tell the story about it so for for the user it becomes a richer experience and for the winery they get to position that so so that's a paid product we have and now recently we also launched advertising uh when we launched the paid version of the app too H that's interesting I didn't know that uh you also had partnership with these Wineries and how did how did that work did you reach out to specific wineries that you thought that uh maybe would be interested in it or there was a platform or a way for them to connect it's it's a little bit of both but mostly we reach out to them and say hey we have this product um we can see how much activity there is a part of this product is also uh getting some data so we we'll never sell data on our users but we can tell you look how many people are drinking it in Florida and how many people drinking in this city and so on so people love that data too exactly I can imagine that for wineries it is it must be very uh very valuable actually I also own a very small family biny very cool is it you Romania uh not not really there are like a few a few uh scans that uh that from like friends and from the local community uh we are at the beginning stage I mean like everyone start somewhere you know there exactly exactly and actually it's not like a very new because it was started by our family so it it it has already a few years uh but uh it is it it was very local in the western part of Romania inania uh we have multiple grapes we have uh the Hungarian kka great variety uh we have muscats and uh we have some like uh International Red varieties as well but we focus on these on these Hungarian varieties and actually there is a a new uh grap riety that uh probably needs to be on we know in the future uh historical Hungarian grape riety uh which disappeared for like a few hundred years named Bor and uh there was a project in our area there is a Bator uh community and because there was this legend that there is one last bakor grape vine somewh in uh in southern Hungary and they started researching and they actually found that there was really one one grape vine and from that grape vine they took the cuting and the project started in 2015 and uh at this point we have uh quite a few wine yards in our region and we made the first Bator wine in uh 2019 so that's cool is good yeah actually actually it's a very interesting uh challenge for us because it was very it like it was like 200 years ago when it disappeared and and uh from the from the notes and from the data that we have it's lacking so it's not very accurate so it's a great challenge for us to discover the potential and the Styles what should we do with it obviously the vne industry has changed uh throughout those 200 years so it's a very game yeah yeah but uh but it's it's it has great potential and uh we already tried some different approaches different wine making uh strategies and it's very interesting so that's cool some new some new data for yeah that's exciting yeah so uh that's the Bator project okay so uh you mentioned the advertisements the uh the Sals wi Sals and now you also have the Vino premium when did that start we launched that uh mid of mid last year mid 2023 um and it's going really well we have around 880,000 paying at this point which we think is pretty impressive we're only like yeah not a year in but like eight nine months in or something so we're very happy with that wow that's great and what is the price of the the uh five five EUR a month or or 50 EUR a year okay which is nothing compared to how much people spend on wine obviously yeah so that's that's the that's the good part of the wine industry that it is quite a high margin uh market and uh there are some quite high prices that people are uh used to and all these Services can can uh it's not a huge problem to ask for a price and obviously besides wines being uh quite expensive there are huge culture of wine magazines subscriptions and everything so people are I I think people are willing to pay right yeah for for great information on they would never admit that it's expensive they would say it cost a lot of money but it's not expensive yeah yeah of course I I I totally agree and it's very cool that uh as from the beginning you integrated it and uh made it like a little bit of wine education as well so it's not just helping the consumer choose a wine and uh that's it but trying to build wine culture totally totally yeah yeah we really built this product for for like what we call The Casual Wine Drinker right not someone who has 10 books on the Shelf already but rather someone who needs sort of more quick information and and just to understand it better and and that that's the group we really want to help of course but I think uh at this point maybe the like wine professionals oh they use it too now they will they might not admit it but they do of course of course but what I wanted to say that is that um in some cases maybe they they even can find some new information some new specific grape righties like Bator soon let's say Bator a few more times yeah yeah increase maybe uh some of your researchers is already uh research look at probably exactly exactly so for these very specific Niche uh things I think even professionals uh can look it up I mean I wouldn't call I mean yeah I am I am a wine professional I'm a wine maker and I also use it for for this reason specific wine regions all the time I just scan it if I see something very unusual or new usually I can I can find some in but also usual people in in in the industry they would know parts right so you might know Romanian wine really well and others know Left Bank really well they might look up right Bank of Baux right so so nobody knows all the wines in the world but Lino has a lot of dat they can use when they travel and move around the world exactly yeah there is a tendency of being specialized in totally in uh some regions and also besides the the educational part there is a little bit of uh game of the wine industry as well which I noticed especially wine professionals or people who who taste a lot of wine people are very proud of being uh first in one of in a category in their country and uh all all those things how did this idea come up and uh I yeah originally it was just to motivate people to use the app right and I guess that has worked too I'm I'm sure that has worked too uh but it works on certain kinds of people some people people do not care at all other people don't care a lot about this meaning when we talk about when we get the most shall we say feedback or complaints about it is that that the algorithm is not someone's trying to hack the algorithm they're mov in front of me they shouldn't be there all kind so people get super competitive we're trying to make it as just as we can but uh but it's not perfect I guess wellow that's a little bit funny that people take this so seriously oh they're very serious yeah and actually now that you mentioned I can imagine that uh if this is someone's goal it it could be cheated right if you just scan wines that you didn't even taste and just write reviews did that happen or did you notice Tendencies like that oh all kinds of stuff so it's it's always like an arms race and we have to do these things to to make sure it's as Fair as possible for the people that actually really contribute that's quite funny but probably very very annoying but what what what could be the reason probably some wine critics or writers this can help them to to reach more people or to I I think just some people are super competitive I'm not sure there's a specific reason why uh but they just want to win and then they'll do whatever it takes and if it takes a little bit of well they probably don't think it's cheating but um sort of creative ways of doing it right yeah yeah exactly L and also uh in the gamification uh realm there is this segment where you uh can try new grap varieties and uh that's that that I really liked I think we have these Styles yeah exactly I think that can help lot of uh beginners to to enter new uh wine regions great varieties and to really start learning about wine what is your experience with that yeah exactly I know people love that too and then you can see how many wine Styles you've tried and how many there are totally and we only started with a few hundred I'm not even sure how many there are now uh but it's quite funny even I sometimes oh you this is a new one you have never tried this this wine style before and and I think that's always fun uh yeah people are very much into that it also means that we can put some data together about that so people can learn more about these wine STS of course of course I love that I think these these uh uh small upgrades that you added up throughout the years uh make the app a lot more valuable uh for the wine Community I I love it and besid this there is another aspect of the app this social app now you can have followers and uh you can comment on each other uh how how does that work this is probably one one uh segment that I don't really use in the app and I'm curious if if it's if it's popular or people like really checking their friends wine reviews or uh or say when when we launched it we thought it would be more popular than it is now but it is there's a certain group of people that really are into this so so you could say hey if not enough people use it you should take it out but there is a small group of people I'm not going to like let's say it's 10 20% Which contribute a lot and they for them it's very important right so um so it is I would say not a mainstream feature but very important important for for a group of people that are very important to the V community so um so that's why it's there I myself look at it sometimes but but not always but but some people love it and and that's why it's a part of the part of the experience I see I think I think uh you should look into uh this and maybe maybe uh think about it because I think it it it should have a lot more interest and I think the potential is great because we are in this uh wine social media segment we have like half a million uh followers on Instagram and especially on Instagram it is extremely popular for people to write wine reviews and to read these uh these posts there are lots of wine influencers taking a it's almost exactly the same as we know taking a picture of the wine posting it and writing a huge review and people love it so I I don't know what what what is the I think there is some that that uh prevents this to click but I think it could it could be it could be you're right it could also just be that the people you have on there are the same people that love it on Vino right so there's a big group that doesn't like it but then there is a group that's big enough that loves it right um so so maybe you just hit that audience well but it could also but but there's always room for improvement like there could be a way that we could do it better and then suddenly it just pops is there a limit text limit for the length of the reviews of the r I'm I'm sure there is a limit but I think it's pretty long I'm not sure what yeah yeah okay yeah because that was my thought if maybe for like professionals or or people who are passionate about it if they can't express themselves yeah no that's I don't think that's been it I don't think that's been no no no you can take multiple photos too and so yeah yeah yeah yeah I see that's very cool what what did you notice how did the app uh change the wine industry how did the wine industry react to we know I think it it um yeah it's it's a good question I think in the beginning there like yeah whatever a new app right um but what I'm what I'm very proud of when it comes to the industry is that that everyone gets a shot right if you build a great Romanian wine and get just a little bit of distribution out there people will rate it people will see it and say hey this is an amazing wine and that just didn't happen before right it had to be some some kind of important you know wine spectator or someone come by and rate it and this is you know we've democratized it so that any wine producer in the world you make a great wine it will be seen and we'll see hey this is a great wine you should taste it of course it is very Democratic and uh one thing that I I usually do which I I Would S I would uh suggest for other peoples to do uh on V know is not just to check the rating the average rating of the vinery but by checking the number of reviews of the winery it can tell a lot yes especially especially for I mean not especially it is just as good for big wineries but it's very interesting to check for smaller or local wineries and uh to compare them and to see some Winer is maybe has a huge hype and huge marketing and uh it seems that they are very popular but when you check it it has like uh maybe half or the quarter of the reviews of another one so it's very interesting and very reflective of the of the state of the yeah it gives you an idea about how big the winery is at least right yeah yeah I will say though that we will rate more often if it's a better wine right so so um just to say put something out there right if you drink a very inexpensive wine maybe one of, is rated but if it's something you can be really proud of maybe it's one in 10 right so just something to be aware of that we know that is that happens too but it gives you an indication of how popular or how much they sell yeah exactly but I I I see huge uh rating numbers for like uh very uh low I mean lower shelf uh cheaper wines so yeah because the volume is insane yeah exactly exactly exactly but if you taste like a romanti then probably you won't miss the chance I'll show you exactly exactly exactly that's very interesting so uh and what was the reaction from the from the wine industry did you receive some uh criticism or uh or I mean I mean a little bit but but uh mostly look more than anything in the beginning they just weren't very interested it's like whatever it's another wind app but over time we've really seen that we get more and more attention and they're very serious about it right that everything is accurate and so on so so it's moved from being some something that's yeah we don't care much about till now being something they do care very much about I see were uh were there any wineries who requested to not be on the app or to or any complaint it it has happened um but I don't know how often it happens but it's very very rare um and and sometimes you think like I mean this wine is not good and it has a 2.8 rating on the Vino um do does somebody care but usually when you have that kind of wine nobody no body does actually care otherwise the wine would be better and and it's just sort of some kind of fantasy label that somebody did in a marketing department it's not a real wine that someone's passionate about right so um yeah yeah yeah I see yeah that makes sense uh based on all the data that you have seen and uh experienced a lot through this app uh what would you suggest for wine makers for me and for all the other wine makers who are uh watching yeah I I look I would suggest that that you know talk abouto ask people to give a a truthful and good rating to to any wine they drink um and and I think that could could help and look at see if the data is correct you can send email to us and say hey something is inaccurate we should let us know there's an email called wineries at vino.com people can use to say hey something is inaccurate we will not uh remove reviews and ratings at request uh but we will change factual things right something that's wrong we will definitely we want the data to be as accurate as possible so so use it tell your your customers about it and so on I think that that can be great for for wineries exactly exactly that that makes sense uh you mentioned at the beginning that you weren't uh really in the wine industry at the beginning you came from the product side uh what about now how well I guess I am in the industry now right exactly exactly so are you a a wine consumer regular wine consumer oh yeah I've always been that I've always loved wine and always had a a good amount of wine um uh yeah so so that I am I'm also in the industry and whatever ignorance I might not know that much about wine back then but I do know decent amount about wine now and and get to taste things that because people think I know about wine so they will serve me the best stuff which I enjoy but I'm not sure I deserve it but um but I I I drink a lot of amazing wine and meet a lot of amazing people this industry is is full of them yeah must be fun what are your personal personal uh preferences what what are your favorite styles yeah I have to be careful with that right I should be careful with that no it's it's I love a lot of stuff so I lived in the US for for many years and I did drink a lot of California both both sort of both categories meaning the the the cabern of Youngs and the bordeau blands up from Napa I love those but I also really enjoyed the penos from California I I would say if anything I've moved a little bit north from there and I've really enjoyed some some Oregon piras recently I think they're amazing uh but I love a lot of stuff I also love champagne so um so I'm very I enjoy a lot of different wines I must say I see that's very interesting that you mentioned this seems to be a trend for wine people at the beginning uh people like uh more Bolder heavier uh wines and it takes a little bit longer time to start to understand and appreciate more gentle elegant wines like the pinor and the colder climate you know you know what they say is that a wine Journey can start anywhere in the world but it always ends in burgundy exactly that's that's a very good uh could be some truth in that yeah exactly what do you see what is uh what the future holds for the wine industry what are the trends yeah I I'm not sure we look we look at this data all the time and see some things here and there um I I mean there are definitely challenges somewhere in the world in the US um they're just not selling enough I think they're in many cases their prices are a little bit on the higher end they need to to work on that I think what we're working towards is transparency in Industry meaning look we'll have data and ratings on every single wine in the world to motivate everyone to make better wines um we work also more and more in retail which means shops are putting our data on the shelves and also guiding them towards buying uh which means you should take these ratings very very seriously this is properly what people think about your wines um so so take it very seriously so I'm just hoping that people you know will drink better wines around the world yeah that's that's what the data shows that we are drinking less but we are drinking better exactly the Global Wine Market is somewhat flat uh but yeah the younger generation is is like you say probably drinking uh somewhat less but better exactly and probably these uh the social media and uh Vino and all the these communities facilitate this this progress we've also seen that in in in the US and as an example I think this might have been Global too is that the older generation has been very set in their ways so if you like the Napa Cabernet I'm young you'll keep buying an Napa Cabernet so young but the younger generation is much more willing to experiment uh probably based on social media and maybe Vino and so on so they're much more willing to experiment exactly exactly trying new things and uh and getting into this gamification system to try all the wine regions and grape rieties I mean I don't really think that it is possible to try all the grape rieties but major major wine regions you'll be drinking a lot then exactly exactly but this I think is very healthy for the consumers and the wine industry as well because it this one as well uh Dem democratizes uh a lot people are more motivated to try new things and to discover them because without knowing about them it would be quite hard to to uh try them and go out for them I think the the M the most uh uh the biggest difficulty here is the availability because lot of wines are very limited like locally which is yeah but it's it's also a little bit the nature of it right I mean um there is a vineard and you can make this much I mean also something that makes it interesting right I mean DRC is a very limited production and very few people get to try right of course maybe this fact uh facilitates tourism more because for some some some wies you have to go there to try it totally yeah so uh the future of the wine industry and what is what does the future hold for Revenue do you are you working on some secret new projects I mean was really secret I probably wouldn't tell you about it but the least while still on the podcast um but we we keep working on all kinds of stuff I think uh you know some of the interesting things are you know more personalization we we do quite a lot of that these days and and another thing that we're really focusing on is more value for money um so if you look at if you look at the app now you can you can see a rating you can see a price uh we really want to see if we can help do more make it more clear if this is a good buy or not and that's something I'm excited about that's that's coming within too long so yes always working on some some exciting stuff that's interesting and what do you mean about uh more personalization like why recommendations based on your uh yes but also whatever you scan will tell you right away is it going to be for you or not and so so you can we do that right now making those algorithms better and better all the time okay that's that's very interesting one thing that I I wanted to mention uh which is for me sometimes a little bit confusing that uh all the the scans go to the mine wines list yes so it sometimes it's a little bit confusing because people you just go and when you see a wine list or go to the wine shop you scan a lot of bottles that you just want to see and read about but sometimes it confuses me when I go to the Mind wi section yeah well it it it is something we debate a lot and I totally get it um we're a little bit worried what happens if it's not the case that oh the one I scanned there where did it go so I think we need to find a way that's somewhere in between so so you have a list of all your wines but maybe your default list is is the ones you've rated or somehow engaged with okay yeah yeah that probably that that would uh help and what do you uh have you ever think about uh a feature of uh maybe managing wine collections because that is also very popular and there are quite a few uh softw for that yes yeah so we've had that feature for some time actually and we now yeah we've expanded it quite a bit lately uh so and I'm I think I'm telling the truth it is outside premium so anyone can use it I think right now but yeah it's become pretty decent I will say um so I've put all my Wines in in in the app and so on and it worked pretty well oh I didn't know that yeah yeah it's simple but it's yeah yeah it's simple but it it works okay so what what does it do you you scan the wines that you have in your collection yeah and then many yeah yeah say how many bottles and you when you drink you can check in and out okay I see and uh does it does it uh show maybe the the drinking window or some data on the yeah totally totally that's another thing we added recently by the way that's that's only in the premium it's the new drinking window that we added and um it's just it's it's the only drinking window in the world that's 100% Based on data uh because we have so much data about when people drink and when people stop drinking and and you should check it out is really try and see some older wines and so it's really quite good yeah that makes sense completely that's that's the best way to to to have this drinking window data because a lot of info uh out there is based on just one wi critics opin 100% ours is just 100% Based on data um and if you have enough people drinking different vintage SO on the data really doesn't lie yeah exactly this is the this is the perfect way wow I'm very excited to check that out I don't know how I missed this feature I didn't I didn't know about it it's in the it's in the wine insights it's only part of Premium but but it it should should be there and we're going to expand it uh I've been pushing the team to build something a little bit more um visual uh it's quite simple now but it it it it the data is good I'd love to see something more more visual but I think they might be working on something there who knows H that sounds good yeah here the data is the most important I do agree totally uh but yeah that is going to be exciting uh okay I would like to talk a little bit more about uh your uh other we talked a lot about Vino now you are involved in uh multiple more uh tech companies you have this uh fantastic YouTube channel where you where you share knowledge which is which I love and as I saw from the comments and the community everybody is is very excited and the way that you present your experiences and uh these advices on entrepreneurship is very concise and very straight to the point very unique on YouTube that I would say and I'm not trying to just praise you but appr this is the truth that there is no no uh fluff no uh clickbait you explain everything very professionally uh so what what are you up to right now how do you uh spend how do you split your time between all these uh projects so I've spent a lot of time onino lately I've been a little bit more active the last year than than the normally I'm I'm back in as chairman and so I've spent a lot of time now we got a new CEO in so I'm helping to get a a little bit more time and um so I'm spending quite a bit of time on Raw startup which is my my YouTube channel and what I've done now uh just about a month ago I've also added a podcast uh so the idea is it's called Founders weekly and it's about it's for startup Founders to have an hour they can listen to the news and then we tell some stories we stories you can learn from um and I just look I love the community and like you say it's going to be straight talk from me I'm not going to sell you anything um I just really like doing that and um yeah and we have some amazing guests on we had a we had a guy on last week that was talking about what it was like to be on Shark Tank in the US uh we had someone on who been on Y compat and didn't manag to raise money after and and so we we're trying to get some guests on as well as telling the news it's like like an hour every week so it's it's a lot of fun and and yeah I spent a lot of time on it probably too much but but I love it yeah I I I love it too and uh I think that you should you shouldn't feel bad for spending too much time on it because I can see that uh this is going to be great what are your goals feels like it's appreciated too yeah so go ahead yeah yeah yeah what are your goals with it do you have like a some expectations or some uh yeah I get that question a lot and um I have a really don't have a really good answer to it honestly um I I love doing it maybe it will be a business at some point it's it's not a business now um but um I I just really am quite passionate about it and enjoy giving and and people coming back to me and saying they enjoy the content and so on so so there's no clear goal right now other than I I really enjoy doing it I see I see makes sense providing value is always it is it's very satisfying right yeah yeah it's satisfying and it is paying off in in some way maybe we can't even uh comprehend it at uh at this point but uh good things come out of exactly exactly by the way a side note on that in the next 24 hours my biggest video is going to hit 1 million views so which is kind of cool that's a lot of people yeah yeah exactly exactly well that's that's uh one extra thing to celebrate yes congratulations for that thank you very much thank you well good luck with uh with uh all your Ventures and uh thank you for doing this it was great conversation and uh I think it was very helpful and uh eye opening for the viewers where should they uh find you where should they follow you sure yes obviously they need to downlo V if they haven't done already on their whatever phone they use but also on on YouTube it's it's raw startup and for a podcast it's called Founders weekly so check them out great great so you should check all the social medias of Hy download Vino as you mentioned thank you for watching and see you in the next episode bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @NielsLieman [1 likes]: Very interesting story to listen to as a user. Thank you for recording!
  2. @heinizach [1 likes]: Thanks for having me on!

- |FULL STORY| My Parents Saw My Wine Collection And Decided I Was An Alcoholic Who Needed To Give...: Kind: captions Language: en My parents saw my wine collection and decided I was an alcoholic who needed to give my house to my brother. It ended with him in prison. Hi everyone. Today's story will blow your mind, but really quick, if you enjoy this content, hit that subscribe button. Channel's been a bit quiet lately and your support keeps it all going. Let's jump in. Original post. I, 30M, need some perspective here because I'm starting to feel like I'm living in an alternate reality. This whole situation has spiraled so far out of control that I'm genuinely questioning whether I'm the crazy one. For context, I work as a senior analyst at an investment firm in Hartford. Two years ago, after getting promoted to a position that finally gave me the salary I've been working toward, I bought my first home, a beautiful 1920s Victorian in West Hartford with original hardwood floors, crown molding, and most importantly, a stone seller that maintained perfect temperature year round. The previous owner had been using it for storage, but I immediately saw its potential. I've been collecting wine since my junior year of college when I did a study abroad program in Bordeaux. What started as bringing home a few bottles as souvenirs turned into a genuine passion. I studied viticulture, learned about teroir, spent weekends visiting vineyards across New England. I'm not some casual collector. I have my Somalier level two certification and I'm working toward level three. My collection now includes about 800 bottles carefully curated over 8 years. Yes, I've invested roughly $40,000, which sounds excessive until you realize that's $5,000 a year. Less than many people spend on golf or skiing. Some bottles cost $20, others significantly more. My pride and joy is a 1982 Chateau Margo I bought at auction for $600 that's now worth nearly $2,000. Here's the crucial part. I drink maybe two glasses of wine a week, sometimes three if I'm hosting a dinner party. I track everything in my seller journal. what I drink, when, with what meal, tasting notes. It's part of the hobby. I probably consume less alcohol than most people who grab a six-pack every weekend. Last month, my parents, Edward, 62M, and Susan, 60F, visited for the first time since I finished the seller renovation. I'd spent 6 months installing climate control, custom racking, proper lighting, even a small tasting area with a granite counter and bar stools. I was so proud to show them what I'd accomplished. The moment they walked down those stairs, everything changed. My mother's hand went to her mouth. My father's face darkened. They exchanged looks I hadn't seen since I was 17 and came home past curfew. "James," my mother said slowly. "What is all this?" I explained enthusiastically. The organization system, the temperature zones, how I'd researched optimal humidity levels. I showed them my inventory spreadsheet, pulled out a nice bottle of burgundy to share over dinner. They wouldn't even taste it. Instead, they sat me down in my own living room like I was a child needing intervention. My mother's eyes were actually tearing up as she said, "James, no normal person needs 800 bottles of alcohol. This is hoarding behavior combined with addiction." I tried explaining, showed them articles about wine collecting as an investment, pulled up the wine spectator website, showed them my seller journal, proving I'd only opened 12 bottles in the past 3 months, most for hosting friends. My father's response chilled me. Addicts always keep detailed records to convince themselves they're in control. Your grandfather did the same thing with his whiskey bottles. My grandfather had been an alcoholic. A real one lost his job. His family died of liver failure at 58. The comparison was insulting and painful. But here's where it gets truly insane. They pivoted from concern to something else entirely. You know, my mother said, wiping her eyes. Your brother Michael has been having such a hard time. Three kids in that tiny rental. Patricia working two jobs to make ends meet. And here you are, one person in this big house. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My brother Michael, 35M, is a high school history teacher who's made a series of questionable financial decisions. Expensive truck he couldn't afford. Vacations on credit cards. His wife Patricia sells MLM products and loses money every month. Their financial struggles are entirely self-inflicted. What does Michael have to do with my wine collection? I asked. My father leaned forward. Son, you need help. Real help. You could move back home while you get treatment. Get your life together. And this house? Well, it would be put to better use with a family that's building something healthy. They wanted me to give my house to my brother, not sell it. Give it. Because apparently my wine collection proved I was too unstable to deserve home ownership. We've already talked to a lawyer. My mother added, "There are options when adult children need intervention, conservatorship, guardianship. We don't want to go that route, but if you can't see what this collection really is," I stood up, told them to leave. My mother cried harder. My father said I was choosing addiction over family. They left, but not before my mother pressed a brochure into my hand for a rehab facility specializing in high functioning alcoholics. The next morning, my phone exploded. My brother had already started texting. Hey bro, mom and dad told me about your situation. I know this is hard to hear, but that seller looks like something from Hoarders. Maybe this is a wakeup call. And honestly, with Benjamin starting school and the twins getting bigger, we really need more space. This could work out for everyone. Then I've been looking at your property on Zillow. That basement would make an amazing playroom once we clear out all those bottles. Then Patricia found some great studio apartments near mom and dad. Want me to send you links? The entitlement was staggering. He'd already mentally moved into my house. I responded once. There is no situation. I'm not an alcoholic. I'm not giving you my house. Please respect my boundaries. His response, denial is so sad to watch. We're here when you're ready to get help. For the next week, the bombardment continued. A daily texts from my parents with addiction resources. A links to AA meetings and my mother calling my friends to express her concerns and my father emailing me articles about functioning alcoholics. A Michael sending me apartment listings for after treatment. A Patricia texting asking about my furniture for when you downsize. I started documenting everything. Screenshots, saved voicemails, emails. Something told me I'd need evidence of their harassment. My mother even called my ex-girlfriend, Jennifer, who I'm still friends with. Jennifer called me laughing, saying, "Your mom just tried to stage an intervention for you over the phone. She said, "You have 800 bottles of wine." I said, "Yeah, and he's had that collection forever. He drinks less than I do." But not everyone was supportive. Some extended family members started reaching out with concern. My aunt Linda posted on Facebook about praying for family members struggling with addiction. Everyone knew she meant me. The narrative was set. I was an alcoholic in denial, selfishly hoarding resources while my brother's family struggled. The truth that I'd worked hard, saved money, invested wisely, and enjoyed a sophisticated hobby was irrelevant. 3 weeks after that initial visit, things escalated dramatically. Update one. Two weeks later, they gave my brother a key and tried to steal my collection. I can't believe I'm writing this update. The situation has escalated beyond anything I could have imagined. I thought my family was just being overly concerned and greedy. I didn't realize they were capable of criminal behavior. After my original post, I took everyone's advice seriously, changed my locks, installed security cameras, documented everything. I even had a calm boundary setting conversation with both parents where I thought we'd reached an understanding. They agreed to respect my space and approach things differently. I should have known better when my brother kept texting about wanting to help and repeatedly asking when I'd be traveling for work. I had a business trip to Boston, an important client meeting I couldn't miss. I'd mentioned it weeks ago during a family call before all this started. Usually, I'm gone 3 days for these quarterly meetings. This time, the client canled the second day of meetings due to a family emergency. Instead of staying in Boston alone, I drove back Tuesday evening. Pulling into my driveway at 8:00 p.m., I immediately noticed my brother's truck and Patricia's minivan. My front door was wide open, lights blazing throughout the house. My heart started pounding. Inside, I found Michael, Patricia, and two men I didn't recognize loading wine from my cellar into boxes. They'd already filled dozens of boxes stacked by the door. My brother was in the cellar itself, working from my most expensive section. "What the hell are you doing?" I shouted. Michael looked up. Not with guilt, but with a smile. James, you're back early. Perfect timing. We're just helping with your recovery. Mom said you were ready to take this step. Patricia was wrapping bottles in newspaper like this was completely normal. We're being so careful with everything. We found a dealer who specializes in collections like this. You'll get good money for treatment. The two men were apparently from a wine shop that bought collections. They had an invoice showing they were prepared to pay $30,000 for what they'd selected. Easily $100,000 worth of wine at actual value. The bottles they chosen weren't random. They targeted my most valuable vintages. A 1982 Chateau Margo. A 2005 Romany Ki. A case of 2009 Chateau Lupin. Bottles I've been saving for major milestones. My wedding, my children's births, retirement celebrations. Put everything back now. I said, pulling out my phone. James, don't be dramatic. Michael said, "We're doing this because we love you. The money will pay for excellent treatment. Passages Malibu has an opening dash. I called 911." While on the phone with dispatch, I watched Patricia's face change from pity to anger. You're calling the police on family? James, you're sick. The two wine dealers immediately started backing away, realizing this wasn't authorized. They whispered to Michael about leaving, but he waved them off. It's fine. He's just upset. This is part of the process. While waiting for police, I demanded to know how they got in. That's when Michael pulled out a key. "My spare key. The one I'd given my parents years ago for emergencies and forgotten about." "Mom gave it to us," he said proudly. "She knew you'd resist at first. That's why we waited until you were gone. Less traumatic for everyone." I noticed Patricia filming me with her phone. For the intervention specialist, she explained to show your emotional volatility. The police arrived within 10 minutes. Two officers who looked increasingly confused as Michael tried to explain the situation. Officers, my brother is an alcoholic. We're conducting an intervention. We have family permission to remove these addiction triggers. Our mother dash. Sir, the older officer interrupted. whose name is on the deed to this house? Mine, I said, showing my ID and these bottles belong to you. Yes, I have receipts for most of them. The officer turned to Michael. Then you need to put everything back and leave now. Michael's face went red. You don't understand. Look at this seller. Hundreds of bottles. He's sick. We're trying to save his life. The younger officer who'd been examining my seller actually said, "This looks like a professional collection. Proper storage, organization system, inventory logs. I've seen addiction, sir. This isn't it." They made Michael and Patricia unload every box, return every bottle. I checked each one, my hands shaking with rage. Three bottles were already broken, including a $400 burl. Michael shrugged. Casualties of recovery. The officers took statements from everyone. They warned Michael about trespassing and theft. Told him the key didn't give him permission to enter without my consent or take my property. As they were leaving, Michael couldn't resist one last shot. This is exactly what addicts do. Choose their substance over family. You'll regret this when you're dying alone, surrounded by your precious bottles. After they left, I did a full inventory. Beyond the broken bottles, they'd created their own documentation. A typed list titled evidence of addiction with photos of my seller from multiple angles. Notes like excessive variety indicates loss of control and organization suggests obsessive behavior. They'd even calculated the alcohol content of my entire collection as if I planned to drink it all at once. Within an hour, my phone exploded with messages. Mom, how dare you call the police on your brother? He was trying to help you. Dad, you've shown your true character. Treating family like criminals because they care about you. Patricia, the kid saw Uncle Michael in handcuffs. He wasn't. You've traumatized them. Michael, I forgive you. The disease is controlling you. When you're ready for help, I'll be here. Aunt Linda, your mother is devastated. Choosing alcohol over family is textbook addiction. I changed my locks that night to a smart lock system only I can access. Upgraded my security system, set up motion alerts on all cameras, consulted a lawyer about a restraining order, though he suggested starting with a cease and desist letter. The irony: In their attempt to save me, they'd committed actual crimes, breaking and entering, attempted theft, conspiracy to commit fraud, they'd forged my signature on the wine dealer's paperwork. But in their minds, they're heroes trying to save me from myself. The fact that I collect wine responsibly, store it properly, and drink in moderation is irrelevant to their narrative. They've decided I'm an addict, and everything must fit that story. I haven't had a drink since this happened. Not because I have a problem, but because they've made something I love feel tainted. Every time I look at my collection now, I see their greedy hands grabbing bottles they had no right to touch. Update two. 6 weeks later, the professional intervention and property transfer documents. I genuinely thought involving the police would end this insanity. Instead, it seemed to escalate their determination. For three weeks after the break-in, things went quiet. Some passive aggressive texts forwarded addiction articles, but no direct contact. I started to relax. Even hosted a wine tasting for charity that raised $5,000 for the local food bank. 15 attendees, each tasting five wines, completely civilized. Then my mother called. Her voice was different, soft, apologetic. James, honey, I know things have been difficult. We've been reflecting on our approach. We miss you. Could we just have dinner? Just family, just talking. No ambushes, I promise. She sounded so genuine. My father got on the phone, said they just wanted their family together again. Mentioned they'd been seeing a counselor who helped them understand they'd approached things wrong. I should have trusted my gut. But these were my parents. 30 years of normal family life before this madness. So I agreed to dinner that Saturday. Pulling up to their house, I should have turned around when I saw the cars. Michael's truck, Patricia's minivan, Aunt Linda sedan, four cars I didn't recognize. But I told myself maybe they were having other guests. Maybe this was coincidence. Walking in I found 25 people in the living room. Parents, aunts, uncles, cousins. I hadn't seen in years. Family friends. In the center sat a woman in a navy blazer with a leather folder labeled James Intervention. My mother wouldn't meet my eyes. My father stared at the floor. The woman stood. James, I'm Dr. Karen Matthews. I specialize in high functioning addiction and intervention services. Your family loves you very much and wants to help you reclaim your life. I turned to leave. My uncle Robert and cousin Kevin blocked the door. Please, Dr. Matthews said, hear them out. Then you're free to go. I sat down, pulling out my phone to record. For the next 2 hours, I endured pre-written statements from people who barely knew me. Michael went first. James, your addiction has changed you. The brother I knew would never call the police on family. You chose alcohol over my children's safety. I pray every night that you'll find your way back to us. Patricia, the kids ask why Uncle James loves his bottles more than them. Benjamin drew a picture of you at school. You were holding a wine bottle instead of his hand. My mother crying. I stay awake terrified I'll get the call that you've drunk yourself to death. I've already picked out what I'll wear to your funeral. My father, you've become someone I don't recognize. Paranoid, isolated, violent. This collection has consumed you. Aunt Linda, who I hadn't seen in 2 years. At Christmas 3 years ago, you talked about wine for 20 minutes. I knew then something was wrong. My cousin Ashley, who's 16, I'm scared I'll end up like you, Uncle James. Alone with an addiction instead of a family. Even family friends. Nancy, my mother's book club friend. Your parents are suffering. Good people watching their son disappear into a bottle. Robert, my father's golf buddy. Real men face their problems. Using wine to escape reality is cowardice. Dr. Matthews then presented her evidence. A photos from my seller taken during the break-in. A financial analysis. $40,000 over 8 years equals $13.70 per day feeding addiction. A social media posts about wine obsessive documentation of drinking. The police report violence against family attempting help. Am I isolation living alone at 30? Am I defensiveness denying a problem I don't have? She diagnosed me with high functioning alcohol dependency with collector's delusion. Apparently a condition where addicts disguise their disease as connoisseurship. The good news, she said, is that your family has a solution. Michael stood with a folder. Inside were legal documents, property transfer papers, power of attorney forms, bank account authorizations. We've thought of everything, he said proudly. You sign the house over to me for safekeeping. Enter treatment. We found an excellent 90-day program. Mom and dad will manage your finances during recovery. After a year sober, we reassess everything. He'd attached a spreadsheet. The house is worth $450,000. Treatment costs $50,000. Managing your assets, storing belongings, maintaining the property, call it $100,000. you'd still have $300,000 equity, which I'd hold in trust. When you're better, we can discuss a payment plan. I stood up. You're trying to steal my house. We're trying to save your life, my mother wailed. Dr. Matthews interjected. Resistance is expected. James, your addiction is fighting for survival. I headed for the door. Uncle Robert grabbed my arm. You're not leaving until you face this. I pulled out my phone. I'm calling 911 again. The room erupted, crying, shouting, "Please!" My grandmother clutched her chest. My mother screamed about losing her baby to alcoholism. Dr. Matthews frantically tried to restore order. "Let him go," she finally said. "He needs to process. Rock bottom is different for everyone." I left to Michael shouting, "We'll be here when you're ready." The offer stands. The harassment intensified. A daily calls from Dr. Matthews's office. A texts from every family member with addiction articles. A my mother leaving voicemails sobbing about my impending death. A Michael sending rehab brochures. Patricia creating a Facebook page praying for James's recovery. The Facebook page was the worst. Extended family sharing prayers. Old photos of me with captions like before addiction took hold. Friends calling confused asking if I was okay. One post showed my college graduation photo eight years ago. So much promise. Now drowning in wine. Pray for our James. I sent cease and desist letters. The page came down, but screenshots had spread. Professional contacts asked if I needed help. My boss called me in concerningly mentioning personal challenges. I showed him my wine tracking app. Two glasses in the past week. He laughed. said his wife drank more than that, but the damage was done. I was now James with the addiction to half my network. Dr. Matthews sent a final email. Your family's courage in facing your addiction is admirable. When you're ready, I'm here. Until then, know that every drink takes you further from recovery. I responded once. I consume less alcohol than the CDC's definition of moderate drinking. Your intervention was attempted theft. Do not contact me again. Her response: denial so profound it includes statistical manipulation. Heartbreaking. Final update. Four months later, they tried to sell my house through fraud. This will be my final update because this situation has reached a conclusion that still feels surreal. After the intervention disaster, I implemented every protection possible. Restraining orders against Michael and my parents. Security system with 247 monitoring. Cameras covering every angle. Changed jobs to one with less travel. Started therapy not for addiction but for trauma from my family's betrayal for two months. Blessed quiet a few flying monkey cousins checking on my recovery but nothing direct. I started healing. Even began enjoying wine again without their poison tainting it. Then Christopher, my neighbor, called on a Tuesday afternoon. James, there's a for sale sign in your yard and people touring your house. I was at work 30 minutes away. Raced home to find a Century 21 sign planted in my lawn. A lock box on my door. A realtor named Nancy showing a young couple around my property. Excuse me, I said approaching. I'm the owner. What's happening here? Nancy looked confused, checking her phone. Mr. Michael, I thought you were in rehab. Your brother said Dash. I'm James, the actual owner, and I'm not selling. She showed me the listing agreement signed by James and Michael as temporary guardian due to medical incapacity. Forgery inside my house. Strangers were viewing my bedroom, my kitchen, my wine celler. Michael was there describing renovation plans. The seller will make an amazing playroom, he was saying. Just need to clear out the previous owner's things. He saw me and didn't even flinch. James, you're out. How was treatment? I called 911, then my lawyer, then started recording everything. The investigation revealed the full scope. They'd filed for conservatorship in a different county, claiming I was institutionalized for alcoholism. Using photos from my seller, Dr. Matthews's intervention report, and affidavit from family, they'd convinced a judge to grant emergency temporary conservatorship to Michael. The documents were elaborate forgeries, a fake admission papers to a rehab facility, a forged psychological evaluations, a medical records showing hospitalizations that never occurred, a bank statements altered to show reckless spending. They'd been planning this for months. At Michael's house, police found a practice sheets of my signature, a detailed renovation plans for my house, a emails discussing my wine collections value, Patricia's Pinterest board, our new Victorian home, and their children's school transfer papers to my district. They'd told their kids they were moving, enrolled them in schools. Patricia had quit one of her jobs, confident in their upcoming windfall. The crulest part, my parents had been calling my employer for months with concerns. HR had a file of worried calls about my deteriorating condition and requests for mental health leave on my behalf. The investigation uncovered financial crimes, too. A credit cards opened in my name. A loan applications using my information. Attempts to access my investment accounts. The forged power of attorney documents. They'd hired someone to create a fake social media profile, posting about my recovery journey and gratitude for family support during treatment. Friends had been congratulating me on getting help for a problem I didn't have. The prosecutor laid out the conspiracy. One, create false narrative of addiction. Two, establish paper trail of concerning behavior. Three, obtain conservatorship through fraud. Four, sell my assets for treatment. Five transfer proceeds to Michael. All for a house and wine collection worth maybe $500,000. They destroyed our family for money. The trial was swift. Evidence was overwhelming. Security footage, forged documents, financial records, witness testimony. Michael got 18 months in prison, 5 years probation, restitution. My parents got probation, fines, community service. Dr. Matthews lost her license, faced separate charges. The notary, who had authenticated forged documents, was arrested. During sentencing, Michael still insisted he was trying to help me. The judge's response was scathing. You created elaborate fiction to steal from your brother. This wasn't intervention. It was conspiracy to commit fraud. My mother sobbed in court, wailing about losing both sons. My father stared straight ahead, suddenly old. Patricia tried to approach me, saying the kids missed their uncle. I walked away. The extended family imploded. Some apologized profusely, realizing they'd been manipulated. Others doubled down, insisting I'd manipulated the system and was imprisoning family over wine. Aunt Linda posted, "Addiction makes people vindictive. Praying James finds peace. I don't care anymore. My collection survived intact. I hired movers to pack my most valuable bottles, stored them professionally during the trial. The house, after being violated by strangers trapesing through, feels mine again. I've redecorated, repainted, reclaimed it. Last month, I achieved level three Somalier certification. Celebrated with friends, real ones who never doubted my sanity. We opened the 1982 Chateau Margo Michael tried to steal. It was transcendent. My therapist helped me understand. They didn't believe I was an addict. That was just the excuse. They saw my success, my nice house, my valuable collection, and felt entitled to it. The intervention was theater to justify theft. I haven't spoken to my parents or Michael since the trial. I won't. They made their choice when they decided their greed mattered more than truth. Sometimes I get emails from unknown addresses. Forgiveness heals. Family is forever. Don't let pride destroy relationships. I delete them unopened. My new tradition. Every month I open a bottle from what they tried to steal. Share it with friends who've become my chosen family. Toast to surviving to boundaries to the beautiful life I've built that no one can take away. The collection now stands at 850 bottles. Added some incredible finds with the restitution money. Each one a small victory. Proof that I'm still here, still collecting, still living my life on my terms. To anyone facing similar situations, document everything. Trust your instincts. Get legal help early. Don't let anyone gaslight you into doubting reality. And remember, DNA doesn't entitle anyone to your life, your success, or your happiness. Blood may be thicker than wine, but wine doesn't try to steal your house. Sometimes the best family is the one you choose. Sometimes the strongest thing you can do is walk away from those who refuse to see you as you truly are. Every sip tastes like freedom. And that's worth more than any relationship built on lies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @justkali97 [1 likes]: but... the bottles are full.. how does that make op the addict?
  2. @harryverner6218: Pulled out phone but u were already recording all of it. Fix fkn plot holes. They all over
  3. @keving8404: Wait…..OP changed the locks and went to a digital system, but comes home from work with a realtor showing the house and lock box on the door?  

Either bad locking system or poor AI created story.   I’m guessing the latter, not the former.
  4. @travismudd3564: ...am I the only one hearing the guy that does the recap of previous episodes of star wars the clone wars?
  5. @daradiant1: I had to laugh at this story. This is too funny 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  6. @madushanikodithuwakku1496: Even if you are alcoholic you dont hve to give house
  7. @michaelhershey4135: this made me so mad. i wanted to smack everyone over and over and over and over again
  8. @danap4840: He changed the locks yet his brother intered with an old key?
  9. @alisha-d8b: Are these people delusional?
  10. @victormontes7007: sue the doctor for everything she is also an abuser
  11. @HaphazardlyThrownTogether: The Victorian era ended in 1901. Did he buy a Victorian-style home built in the 1920s?
  12. @dg20120: Where did they get this doctor? Brigham Young University?
  13. @LilDevil666TFDK999: They say he's addicted to wine. When in reality, they're addicted to money.
  14. @michaelhansen8615: Something similar happened near Lindsay ontario. They bought these bottles to be a collector and gift them to friends since he didn't drink...but most people do. Was just trying to show a kind gesture to our north American culture... although in this case there was no key given to anyone. The family broke in with an illegal lock Smith they'd obtained from the dads police days. They set up their crime to take the asset while they were out enjoying their life with the dogs they had gotten. The family used their law enforcement relationships to negate the victims calls to 911 even though he'd never given them his new number. When he managed to reach someone the cops tried to help with the theft calling him an alcoholic that never drank..not even during their child and adolescence years... took brining up a law suit for helping criminals traffick their property to send someone out to deal with the break and entering. The family tried to steal his dogs, the money in his safe, and tried to have him trafficked by EMS to hospital to make sure they had enough time to steal and move in... human beings can be very fucked up.. these situations summarize this victims experience being an illegal designer baby... they tried to abuse the fact he's going into cured remission for leukemia and had a stroke from the stress and assaults from his family..they had doctors involved that had assaulted him in the past...needless to say they were all arrested for terrorism and attempt of murder to move their child into care where they would be neglected and killed intentionally to grave rob him
  15. @dmond93: They're hard on the addiction angle because they want him to give his house to their favorite son.
They don't care about OP at all.

Also since when is $13 a day addiction? Most people spend more than that on coffee.
  16. @fuzzycowbolls: If he had his locks changed, how did the key that he gave his mom fit the door? He should have called the police for this kidnapping.
  17. @mitchelnorton2692: His family was casting about for someone to defraud, you were just convenient.
  18. @wjafarrow1755: I've got a whiskey collection, >70 bottles, it's not a sign of alcoholism
  19. @rex25k: Their solution, STEAL HIS HOUSE. Family LEECH family
  20. @WMS4Yeshua1970: This was nothing more than greed pure and simple. Greed on the part of the parents, as well as the brother, and I bet any amount of money that if you did further investigation, you'd find out that brother as well as the parents have some serious financial issues, as in major debts. OP did the right thing in calling the police, taking all legal action necessary, and putting his evil family in jail.

- 6 ESSENTIAL Tips for Building Your PERFECT Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody this is Agnes from no sediment and today let's explore six important things to consider when building your wine collection [Music] for a wine enthusiast like me collecting wine can be a lot of fun it allows you to study wine in a completely different way furthermore you can be entirely sure of how your wine has been stored throughout its development and eventually you might get the reward of opening and drinking bottles that in 10 years might be difficult to acquire or afford I buy ones that I love wines I know I will want to continue enjoying over the next years but might not be able to afford anymore in my wine cellar you will find a lot of Italian Reds plenty of Austrian whites a bit of American wines and of course Bordeaux grown Loire Wally and a bit of Spain somehow I have never been able to build a decent collection of champagne those bottles always find reasons to be opened and enjoyed as a result I have very little of champagne in my collection but today we are not talking about specific wines or regions to build your collection on but rather some principles we should follow when creating our own wine collection whether you are just starting your wine Journey or are an experienced wine collector or somewhere in between these tips will guide you in building the collection in the right way help you to get most out of this experience and avoid potential disappointments there can be several reasons why you might want to start collecting wine wine can be a great investment and provide an opportunity to diversify your assets in this case you will buy different wines and will need to store them differently if compared to someone like me who collects wine For My Future Self to enjoy later I buy wines for pleasure ones that I am sure I will want to open and drink someday therefore I never buy wine that I don't like personally even though they might be a great financial investment on the other hand if you're considering buying wine for investment purposes you should have the discipline to focus not on wines you personally like but on wines that are most likely to appreciate in value over the years do your research especially if you're collecting wine for investment purposes not all wines from Bordeaux burgundy Tuscany and Napa are investment worthy and certainly not all wines will increase in price therefore understanding the Region's sub-regions single Vineyards clima and producers is highly important for creating a successful collection additionally in-depth knowledge of vintages and keeping a close eye on how the current vintages are shaping in the classic wine regions is essential as well for some wine lovers this might sound like a lot of fun it certainly is for me however it is not just that understanding the market is equally important you need to consider supply and demand as well as weather the wine of your choice will have any liquidity in the secondary Market once you decide to sell it if all this seems overwhelming you might want to consider hiring help or finding a consultant depending on your goals you will need to decide where to store your wines for investment purposes an external inbound storage facility with insurance is a must to maximize your return on investment for a wine lover like me storage could also mean a cool and dark place such as area in the garage or under the stairs for me it is a wine fridge and basically any empty darker Corner in the house however there is an important note to consider for wine investors or really any other Wine Enthusiast who wishes to store their wines with a third party storage expenses should also be factored in not all age-worthy wines that we love so much will be able to cover the yearly costs with that theoretical price increase of the wine therefore it might be necessary to do a little calculation of the expected increase in the value of your collection against the annual costs of wine storage and Insurance it might turn out that it is cheaper to buy your favorite crew Bourgeois with some bottle age sellered in someone else's storage rather than storing it yourself loving and enjoying wine will certainly help you especially if you are creating collection for yourself however if you are buying wine and you know you will want to sell it at some point you should keep your mind rational those who buy wine for investment usually have a full understanding of how much they can invest which wines they want to buy and when exactly to sell them and for investors buying wine in full cases is the smartest choice not only because discounts can be applicable here but also because selling a full case of wine with perfect provenance can be much easier than selling a single bottle for a passion buyers like me it also makes sense to buy wine in full cases as this will allow you to follow Wine's development over the years but buying full cases might not always be possible as it is initially very expensive and can take up a lot of space therefore there might be situations where buying less is actually more another tip for us passion collectors it is to keep the track of number of bottles in your collection because you may already be at the point where even if you drink a bottle of wine per day you still will not be able to clear your seller until the day you die it is important that in one way or another you can track the bottles in your collection it is easy to lose the track of your bottles and as a result end up with wines that are past their Prime whether you buy wine for investment or for future enjoyment tracking your wines including their vintages and drinking windows will help prevent disappointment when you realize that the wine has lived its best life in the storage unit there are several ways to do this some people prefer to do inventory once or twice a year and update their notebooks or Excel spreadsheets While others will follow their wines through online inventory programs in any case it is important to stay focused and disciplined as losing track of your wines is quite easy this of course might come naturally to someone who is investing in wine diversifying your portfolio in terms of producers labels countries Villages vintages and even bottle sizes acts as an insurance against Market fluctuations however it is also important for wine collectors like myself our taste and preferences tend to change and involve over the time therefore don't be too enthusiastic about buying a specific wine style especially if you are only starting your wine collection and wine Journey you might end up purchasing wines that you currently enjoy a lot but not necessarily will want to open and drink with the same enthusiasm later so here you go six important factors to consider when building your wine collection I must admit this is only an introductory video and each of these factors are worthy a video on their own so let me know in the comments what wine collecting or investment topics you would like me to cover in the future videos meanwhile you should definitely watch my other video on seven wine storage and aging myths some might really surprise you or even make you angry cheers foreign [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @crrizello5157 [4 likes]: Would be nice to see reviews of different wine inventory tracking apps
  2. @ReynaldoAbasr [3 likes]: just got started 20 years ago, but now 2023 and 2024 going to the top Petrus , Screaming Eagle,  Le Pin, Roman Conti,    and more. God Bless it
  3. @carlcadregari7768 [3 likes]: Great topic.  I’ve had many people ask me if I’m collecting…. I buy to drink and share. I have a few cult wines, but 95% of what’s in my cellar I’m ok with opening whenever I’d like to.   The only exception is a case of 2012 rosé champagne that I open a bottle every year for my wife’s birthday that she loves.  Cheers.
  4. @dublodave7860 [3 likes]: Hi Agnese, There's a lot of common sense in this video which is always welcome and really helpful. When I started building a cellar (in the mid 1980's) I made the conscious decision that for every two bottles I drank I would buy three, it's surprising just how quickly the collection grew. In the 1990's I got the 'En Primeur' bug and was given the best advice ever - buy the best you can, buy three cases, sell two 10 (or more) years later and you'll drink for free. I am fortunate in having a decent cellar, it's in an outside privvy (toilet), the house was built in 1760 and the 'privvy' has 600mm thick solid stone walls, no windows and we have put in a tiled concrete floor, electrics, further insulation and an insulated door, a lot of racking, removed the drains and voila, we have an excellent wine store. It's also in shade under trees so never gets any direct sunlight and I have enough wine stored in it to be able to drink 4 bottles a week for the next 15 years - Sorted!.
  5. @NoSediment [2 likes]: Comment below on what wine collecting or investing topics you would like me to cover in future videos. Cheers! 🍷🙌
  6. @Bobrinsky [2 likes]: I am definitely a passion collector, and have found Cellar Tracker software fantastically useful. With around 700 bottles and just a 16-bottle wine fridge at home, the annual in-bond storage costs are reasonably heavy, but I'm trying to drink more than I buy now. It is amazing how fast the years come around and seemingly distant drinking windows open up. It has all been enormous fun. I rarely sell anything but, when i have done, i have found even shifting single bottles very easy. I recently sold two 500ml bottles of 1999 Esszencia for £200 each (four times what I paid for them) within hours of putting them online.
  7. @robertomangioni9272 [2 likes]: My rule of thumb, no more than 20 - 30 good wines in my cellar, and I try to keep it around this numbers as you drink, and not as an investiment in my phylosophy for wines, but each one decides what they wanna do!  Cellartracker the best to way to keep track 😁
  8. @DanielLee-uk5lu [1 likes]: Great content. Keep it coming ✌️
  9. @CultureFaultLines [1 likes]: Very cool video. Thank you.
  10. @andrey_5728 [1 likes]: Can you please recommend some wine fridge manufacturers which fit the best for long time wine keeping?
  11. @CopEddy [1 likes]: Hi Agnese, something what is never mentionned when talking about wine collecting is a persons time horizon. At my age of 75 I dont invest in wines that need 10 years or more of cellaring; I buy older wines on the secondary market or types of wine that are drinkable in the short term.
  12. @the-real-coordinator [1 likes]: Austria Whites? Good taste, miss! There are also Austrian sweet wines and reds. 😊
  13. @andresalarcon5671 [1 likes]: i'm only 28. how do i find older bottles if i was there at the time?  or do i collect wines the ones i like?
  14. @tonygallo1104 [1 likes]: Great job Agnesa..
  15. @rodrigosalasolivares9921 [1 likes]: Great insights, thanks!, you should also try some Chilean Carménère and Malbec from Argentina (plenty of delicious wines)
  16. @baggrabb [1 likes]: A lot of great advice, thanks. 🙏 Like you I’m a passion collector, not an investor. I also have stable storage for 110 bottles. I never buy cases, because I want diversity. Based on that desire, and limited storage, I buy 2s and 3s of bottles, drink one soon, and cellar the remainder (if ageable). I buy my “everyday” wines in 3s and 4s, and don’t use precious space in my stable storage, since they won’t be around too long anyway. Cheers🙏🍷🌺
  17. @50somethinglawyer [1 likes]: My own cellar, stored in bond, comprises two "buckets".  Bucket 1 is the stuff I can't afford to drink bought for investment purposes and bucket 2 is the stuff I can afford to drink paid for by the profit on bucket 1. I'd like to be able to drink bucket 1 but I fear it will be a while before I can nonchalantly open up a bottle of Bibi Graetz "Colore" on a wet evening in Autumn just because I fancy it.
  18. @loganmalf22 [1 likes]: This might be too boring to make a good video but what to look for in a wine storage solution (e.g. what features should a good wine fridge have, what's unnecessary?) is something that I've been trying to find more info on as a wine newbie.

Regardless, thanks for the great content!
  19. @vinoespresso [1 likes]: Fantastic tips and knowledge share, thank you!
  20. @klassfreudman7359: Dom ist überteuert genauso wie cristal...

- How to Choose Good Wine (Every Time): Kind: captions Language: en Good day avenous adventurers and welcome back&nbsp; to Bottleshock. I'm Brendan. Let's be honest,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've all been there. You walk into a bottle&nbsp; shop, you're just there for a quick look and bam,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're hit with the wall of wine. Hundreds,&nbsp; maybe thousands of bottles staring back at you.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is a literal wall of anxiety. You've&nbsp; got French names you can't pronounce,&nbsp;&nbsp; grapes you've never even heard of, and the sinking&nbsp; feeling that you are about to spend 25 bucks on&nbsp;&nbsp; something that you'll hate. Well, today that ends.&nbsp; We're tearing down that wall. This isn't about&nbsp;&nbsp; memorizing a thousand facts. This is your new&nbsp; foolproof battle plan for walking into any wine&nbsp;&nbsp; store and walking out with a bottle that you're&nbsp; genuinely excited to drink. No more guesswork.&nbsp;&nbsp; No more paralysis by analysis. This is how you&nbsp; choose a good bottle of wine. Let's get into it. Now, first things first, let's get one crucial&nbsp; thing straight. The definition of a good wine is&nbsp;&nbsp; a wine you like to drink. That's it. Forget about&nbsp; the 95 point scores. Forget what some fancy critic&nbsp;&nbsp; said and forget about the price tag. The goal is&nbsp; to find what makes your taste buds happy and walk&nbsp;&nbsp; out of that place feeling good about a lighter&nbsp; hit pocket. So, our whole mission is to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pick bottles that have a higher chance&nbsp; of being your new favorite. Are you ready for&nbsp;&nbsp; the plan? It's a simple three-step strategy. Step&nbsp; one, know your mission and your money. Before you&nbsp;&nbsp; even look at a bottle, ask yourself two questions.&nbsp; One, what's the mission? Are you grabbing a cheap&nbsp;&nbsp; and cheerful bottle for a Tuesday night pizza on&nbsp; the couch? Or are you going to a dinner party and&nbsp;&nbsp; want something to share? Or are you trying to&nbsp; impress the new in-laws on a special occasion?&nbsp;&nbsp; The mission dictates everything. It immediately&nbsp; answers question number two. What is your budget?&nbsp;&nbsp; Be honest with yourself. There are fantastic&nbsp; wines at 20 bucks and there's fantastic wine&nbsp;&nbsp; at 80 bucks. Knowing that you're on a pizza&nbsp; night mission means that you can confidently&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on the $15 to $25 price range and ignore&nbsp; most of the fancy stuff. Mission and money first.&nbsp;&nbsp; That alone clears about 80% of the noise. Step&nbsp; two, think in vibes, not just variety. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know your mission and you know your budget.&nbsp; Now, what kind of style of vibe are you feeling?&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead of getting hung up on, do I want a truso&nbsp; or do I want a tempano? Think in broader, simpler&nbsp;&nbsp; terms like for reds. Are you in the mood for light&nbsp; and juicy? Think pino or gamma. These are vibrant,&nbsp;&nbsp; fresh, and super versatile with food. Or do you&nbsp; want big and bold? This is your classic Shiraz,&nbsp;&nbsp; Cabernet, Sevenon, or Malbec, which is a total&nbsp; cheat code by the way. Malbeck. Seriously,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's rich, it's powerful, and a perfect match&nbsp; for a steak or a hardy meal. For whites,&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you want? Do you want crisp and zesty?&nbsp; You're looking for Savonol Blanc Rezling or&nbsp;&nbsp; Pinegrigio. These are your mouthwatering,&nbsp; refreshing sort of just squeezed a lemon&nbsp;&nbsp; type wines. Or do you want rich and creamy?&nbsp; This is the world of oak Chardonnay or Vion,&nbsp;&nbsp; fullerbodied with flavors of butter, vanilla, and&nbsp; baked apple. Just having one of those, I guess,&nbsp;&nbsp; four vibes in your head is a massive advantage.&nbsp; It gives you a clear target to hunt for. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; at this point, you're pretty much 90% of the way.&nbsp; So, on to step three, a quick label recon. You've&nbsp;&nbsp; got your mission, you got your budget, and you got&nbsp; your vibe. Now, you're looking at the bottles. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don't need to read every word. Seriously, just do&nbsp; a quick 10-second recon. And I mean literally 10&nbsp;&nbsp; seconds. And the biggest clue on the label,&nbsp; the region. Here's a simple cheat code. Hot&nbsp;&nbsp; places tend to make ripe, bold, powerful wines.&nbsp; And cool places tend to make lighter, zippier,&nbsp;&nbsp; fresher wines. Think about it like a Shiraz&nbsp; from our warmer climate, Barasa Valley here&nbsp;&nbsp; in Australia. It's going to be big. It's going to&nbsp; be a bold fruit bomb likely. There are exceptions&nbsp;&nbsp; to this rule. A sav from the cool Lir Valley in&nbsp; France. It'll be zesty, mineral driven, and crisp.&nbsp;&nbsp; This one clue can tell you so much about the style&nbsp; in the bottle, but also to help you optimize. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to fine-tune your choice, you can&nbsp; actually mix and match. If you want Shiraz,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you don't want it to be that heavy, try Ron&nbsp; Valley in France or South Africa. We love you,&nbsp;&nbsp; South Africa. Okay, you've done the steps, but&nbsp; you're still stuck between two bottles. It's time&nbsp;&nbsp; to deploy the secret weapon. My number one can't&nbsp; fail ultimate hack for choosing a good wine. Talk&nbsp;&nbsp; to the bottle shop staff. Seriously, these people&nbsp; taste wine and talk about wine all day. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; likely your only bottle of wine that you're&nbsp; buying for the week, but this is their 100th&nbsp;&nbsp; for the day. They are your greatest resource.&nbsp; Don't be intimidated. Just use the information&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've already gathered. Walk up and say,&nbsp; "Hey, I'm looking for a crisp and zesty white&nbsp;&nbsp; wine for a seafood dinner around about the 25 buck&nbsp; mark. I usually like Savon Blanc, but want to try&nbsp;&nbsp; something different. What can you recommend?"&nbsp; Boom. You've just given them everything they&nbsp;&nbsp; need to find you the perfect bottle. and you sound&nbsp; like you know what you want and you get an expert&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendation. It is a total win-win. And that's&nbsp; the plan. It's that simple. One, know your mission&nbsp;&nbsp; and your money. Two, pick the vibe. Three, do&nbsp; some quick label recon. And if all else fails,&nbsp;&nbsp; use your secret open. Talk to the staff. The&nbsp; more you do it, the easier it gets. Now, pro tip,&nbsp;&nbsp; snap a photo of the label of the wines you love&nbsp; and the ones that you hate. That's how you build&nbsp;&nbsp; your own taste profile. The best way to learn&nbsp; about wine isn't by reading about it. It's by&nbsp;&nbsp; literally drinking it. So get out there, start&nbsp; exploring, and if you really want to turn it up,&nbsp;&nbsp; join our Discord and post the wines that you like&nbsp; on there. You will find an amazing community of&nbsp;&nbsp; people willing to help you expand your choices.&nbsp; And if this helped you conquer the wall of wine,&nbsp;&nbsp; give this video a huge like and subscribe for&nbsp; more tips. And please join our amazing community&nbsp;&nbsp; on Discord and tell us what awesome bottle you&nbsp; discovered this week. Link below. Cheers. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @grzegorzmajewski. [2 likes]: I've been enjoying wine for almost 25 years and always used the same method - If the picture on the label makes me smile, i reach for the bottle. It never failed me.
  2. @kuppyify [1 likes]: Super solid framework, thanks for sharing.
  3. @kauymatty841 [1 likes]: Love the video. Completely agree. I think wine should be a fun thing that anyone can and should enjoy! Like some art, I feel it's sometimes shrouded in mystery or gate kept a bit by people who are also learning. Will be sharing this with my friends!
  4. @AugushteSteiff [1 likes]: I recommend using an app - just take a picture of the lable and you get a review as well as a recommendation if it fits ti wines you liked before. For me it works everywhere. Abroad, Supermarkets and also Restaurants. Also if you dont know the specifics of a certain region or country.
  5. @cdeford2: Only the last point will give a newb a clue what to buy.
  6. @MerlinMoorlo: I cant find good wine under 30 bucks. Its impossible. Horrible taste. Just horrible.
  7. @estuchedepeluche2212: What never fails to me is going to Trader Joe’s in the US of A
  8. @AdamTulodziecki: Dobre jest tanie wino, bo jest dobre i tanie
  9. @bartonseagrave9605: I can turn wine into water hic,,,,,,
  10. @richardmore943: You forgot the key hack.  Bottle weight and punt depth.  If the winemaker can convince the marketing people that his wine deserves a decent bottle, buy it.  And avoid garish attention grabbing labels
  11. @RyuandKen01: You're doing the Lord's work! 
Blessed are the cheesemakers (winemakers)...
  12. @urbanevintner105: My rule of thumb in any cellar; pick the dustiest bottle. The one that's been there the longest.
  13. @sbIvanov: Can yuo make that vibe cheat sheet so I can print it and put that in my wallet + the  lable codes :)
  14. @graemefenwick6925: My tip, avoid fancy labels.  Anything that needs a full colour parrot or butterfly to sell it, is not great wine.
  15. @ekhaatgooglefacebooken: We love you too, Australia!
  16. @MadeleineMontague: Alas! I live in Sweden, with state-owned liquor stores and a clientele that is as a babe in arms when it comes to wine. It happens all too often that liquor store staff do not know wines here. I was recommended a Rinuite in one store ("it's very popular") when I asked for a light, nuanced, dry red. I'll just have to learn myself, dammit.
  17. @jasonkrick1614: There is no such thing as ‘good wine’. 

What you may like. Someone else may loathe. 

Non wine example?  I absolutely hate figs. The taste, texture, flavor. Everything about it. My wife? Loves them.
  18. @glenbelson5485: Buy from Vinmofo. Great prices, choices and have never been disappointed. Forget Dan's etc.
  19. @GR-qz8fx: cool, so to implement this, i need to know what grape varietals comprise the "four vibes" and i need to have deep geographical knowledge of wine producing regions wrt temperature conditions ("hot" countries can have cold microclimates and vice versa). it's so simple!
  20. @DavidMcCluskey-o5j: Pointed, brief and informative and a great help. Thank you.

- Getting Into Wine: A Beginner's Crash Course: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever stared at a wall of wine and had no idea where to start? In the next 20 minutes or so, we're gonna fix that. Hi, my name is Madeline Puckette and I've spent 15 years helping people learn about wine. And if you need some proof, check out Wine Folly's online resource I co-created or my books, which have been printed in 27 languages. The main reason people find it difficult to learn wine is because it's hard to get started. It seems really cool, but it's also overwhelming. How do you choose what you like? Unless you already know a lot, you're essentially rolling the dice with each wine purchase. My goal for you in this video is to give you enough of a foundation so you know how to ask the right questions to drink better wine. After this, choosing a wine shouldn't fill you with low-key dread. Instead, it should feel more like a fun adventure. In short, I want to show you all the things I wish I knew when I was getting started. Being confident in wine helps unlock doors in social situations and it can also help you get a better-paying job. So if you want to make your Wine 101 official, check out Wine Folly's certification courses. Wine is just fermented grape juice, right? This basic concept holds answers that most people overlook and knowing them can help you drink better wine. To answer your question, yes, wine is fermented grapes. Sure, there are wines made with other fruit too, like cranberry wine or pineapple wine, but if it's labeled just wine, that means it's made with just grapes. Of course, the grapes used for making wine look different from table grapes. They're smaller, they're sweeter, they have thicker skins and seeds. These differences give wine its unique taste. Wine grapes also behave differently than other fruit. They don't continue to ripen after they've been picked. And this means wine making happens once a year, right after harvest. And that's what the vintage date means on a wine label. It's the year the grapes were harvested. The vintage is actually where I made my first wine mistake. This was around 2007. I know, it was a long time ago. I bought a bottle of 2005 Côte du Rhône, back when you could get a pretty great red wine for just $13. Côte du Rhône, in case you don't know, this isn't a single-varietal wine like Cabernet Sauvignon. This was a red wine made with three different grapes, Grenache, Syrah and Mourvèdre. And the name Côte du Rhône is the name of the region where the red wine is from. At the time, this was my first Côte du Rhône, and I loved it so much that I ordered a bunch more. The wine arrived from the same region and the same producer, but it wasn't the same vintage. It was the 2006 and not the 2005. And it didn't taste the same at all. I was devastated. Turns out, the weather in each vintage affects how the grapes ripen, which in turn changes the quality of the wine. 2005 was quite warm and dry and produced rich, fruit-forward red wines, which I loved. Yum, yum, yum. 2006, on the other hand, was a little cooler and the critics would call it "fresher," meaning lighter bodied and more tart. The 2006 has ended up aging quite well, but that didn't give me that yum, yum, yum taste I was looking for. We call this vintage variation. It's one of wine's great strengths and great weaknesses. The lesson for me was if I was looking for French red wines like Côte du Rhône, I tended to prefer, at least back then, wines from warmer, drier years. So when you find a wine you like, pay attention to the weather from that vintage. It's a clue. But the thing that most affects how a wine tastes is where it comes from. Over the years, I've mapped thousands of different wine regions around the world. But if you're just getting started, don't try to memorize them. Instead, let's categorize the regions by climate. To do that, I want to go back to where it all started at least 8,000 years ago in the mountainous region of Caucasus. This is where we think winemaking first started. I like to think that the first wine was a complete accident. We had some extra grapes, we put them in a container, forgot about them for a little while, and came back and yuck! Then someone was bold enough to drink it, and this is what started our multi-millenia obsession with wine. Winemaking expanded with Western civilization into the Mediterranean basin. Vines adapted over thousands of years to different climates, cooler climates in the north and hotter climates in the south. And this is why there are thousands of different grape varieties in several different shades. What's surprising is that everything from lush Chardonnay to dry-as-a-bone Sangiovese are all cultivars of the same species. Vitis vinifera, aka the wine grape. And the climate where Vitis vinifera grows is where we get the concept of the wine belt, which includes the latitudes of around 30 degrees north to 50 north and about 30 to 45 south. There are exceptions to the rule, but for the most part, this is where wine grows. And here's the kicker and the big aha. Vines that grow in warmer climates like Shiraz in Barossa, Australia, or Cabernet Sauvignon in Paso Robles, California, tend to produce riper, sweeter grapes, which in turn produces bolder, more fruit-forward wines. In fact, warm climates produce some of the world's best bold red wines. And contrasting that, when you go north, like to Champagne in France or to the Willamette Valley in Oregon, the grapes there produce less sugar content, which results in lighter-bodied, more tart-tasting wines. And guess what? Cool climate regions produce some of the world's best elegant white and red wines. So knowing about warm climate wines and cool climate wines is an absolute game changer. It explains why two wines made from the same grape can taste completely different, and it's a key to consistently finding wine styles that you love. Now, you might be thinking, "This is great, Madeline, but what about all the different grapes? We've got Merlot, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay. It's a lot to remember." And honestly, you're right. With over a thousand different commercially viable wine varieties out there, I wouldn't worry too much about memorizing all of them, save for the ones you love. Instead, we can simplify things again, taking into consideration all the wines of the world, and group them into more or less nine different wine styles. Sparkling wines, light-bodied white wines, aromatic white wines, full-bodied white wines, rosé and orange wine, light-bodied reds, medium-bodied red wines, full-bodied red wines, and dessert and fortified wines. Now, this categorization model covers most of the wine that's out there in the market, so knowing about each of these styles will help you communicate what you want. I'm going to give you an example of what to look for in each category, a great value as well as a benchmark examples. But remember, this is just the tip of the iceberg. Let's start with full-bodied red wines. These are your whole milk, heavy cream of the wine world. However, unlike milk, they don't get their big body from fat content. They get it from alcohol and tannin. What is tannin? It's a plant polyphenol. Sidebar, tannins contains nearly all of wine's health benefits, and texturally, it gives wines layers of complex velvety flavor. Too much tannin in wines taste bitter and astringent, but when it's just right, it's magical. Cabernet Sauvignon is your benchmark bold red wine. In fact, this is the most widely planted wine grape in the world. But if you're looking for value in the U.S., try Petite Sirah. And if you're elsewhere in the world, try Alicante Bouschet from Portugal. These alts aren't as well known about and thus offer great value. Medium-bodied red wines. Have you ever heard someone say, "Oh, that's a food wine." This is what medium-bodied red wines are all about. Instead of being dominated by brooding blueberry and blackberry flavors like a bold red, they tend to have more red fruit notes, like raspberry, cherry, and plum. They also have fresher acidity, which makes them better to pair with food. There are many varieties that fit this category, but the one you should absolutely know about is Côtes du Rhône. This is a regional wine from southern France that blends with Grenache, with Syrah, and Mourvèdre. These three varieties actually grow in regions all around the world in warmer climates. So if you see this blend, snatch it up and give it a try. For value, try this wine from Italy called Montepulciano d'Abruzzo. I consistently cannot believe the quality I find in this wine for the price. Light-bodied red wines. For those of you who hate the bitterness of tannin but love red wine, this is your go-to wine style, and Pinot Noir is your benchmark grape. This wine is so light and delicate you can see your hand through it. They serve it in a big globe-shaped wine glass to capture the airy red fruits and rose aromas that Pinot Noir is all about. Pinot Noir is great, but it's also one of the most expensive red wines out there. So for value, maybe try a bottle of Frappato from Sicily. It has everything we love about light-bodied red wines, but because it's so lesser known about, it tends to be less expensive. So that's red wines. Basically, it's a spectrum from light to bold, and it correlates with the grape variety. And since most red wines are dry, as in not sweet, the fruit factor you may taste on some is more closely associated with the climate where the grape is grown. Cooler climates tend to produce more tart, sour fruit flavors, and warmer climates make wines with riper, more baked fruit notes. Now for the rest of the wine styles. Sparkling wine. It comes in both dry and sweet styles from Brut to Demi-Sec. I like to think of sparkling wine as kind of the most technical winemaker's wine because to make it, it takes two fermentations. One for the alcohol and two for the bubbles. The benchmark is definitely champagne. Champagne is what you would call a regional wine, meaning it can only be made in the region of Champagne in France. And the reason why I say champagne is the benchmark is because they're the ones that perfected a sparkling winemaking method that's been emulated all around the world. But if you're looking for value, try Cava. This is also a regional wine made in Spain, and it uses the same method as champagne, but with Spanish grapes. And also because it's less known about and less popular, it tends to offer better value. Light-bodied white wines. These zippy, dry white wines have citrus and apple notes. And the thing that defines this category isn't the grape variety necessarily, it's that these wines rarely age in oak barrels. Turns out, stainless steel winemakings helps preserve the crisp quality in white wines. Quality for dollar, light-bodied white wines are some of the best wine values out there. Pinot Grigio might just be your benchmark light-bodied white wine. In France, they call it Pinot Gris, and it grows around the world. Looking for a great value? Try Picpoul de Pinet, a regional wine from France. It absolutely sings for the price. Full-bodied white wines. These rich, toasty, dry white wines have lots of body and a creamy texture. Chardonnay is our benchmark. Surprisingly, it's not the Chardonnay grape that gives these wines a creamy, buttery texture. It's the winemaking interaction that happens when Chardonnay ages in oak barrels. In fact, every white wine you find aged in barrels tends to have richer, more full-bodied flavors. If you're looking for value, try Grenache Blanc aged in oak, for an amazing alternative with a very unique taste. Aromatic white wines. There are some white wine varieties out there that are so aromatic that they deserve their own category. They range in taste from bone-dried to sweet, but can easily be mistaken for a sweet wine because of their candied nose of orange blossom and peach. Riesling is your benchmark. And Germany is its home base, making some of the most haunting Riesling in the world. Of course, on the hunt for value, check out Torrontés from Argentina. This wine is typically made dry, but it smells sweet, like potpourri. Rosé and orange wine. Rosé isn't a grape. It's more of a winemaking process using red grapes. Rosé happens when you stop the grape skins from dyeing the wine red by taking them out of the fermentation, midway. And this means Rosé can be made with nearly any red wine grape. So try your favorite red wine as a Rosé, and you'll be surprised by the totally different expression you get from your favorite grape. So what about orange wine? Just like Rosé is a winemaking method using red grapes, orange wine is a method using white wine grapes. Orange wine happens when you ferment a white wine the way you would a red. By leaving the juice fermenting with the skins, the technique is rare, but it makes some of the richest, most red wine-like white wines I have ever tasted. Dessert and fortified wine. Dessert wines range in style from actually pretty dry to very sweet, and sometimes they're stabilized by adding brandy in a process called fortification. Your benchmark is Port wine from Portugal. The longer that some Port ages, the more tawny in color it becomes and nuttier the taste. I once tasted a tawny that was 250 years old and I couldn't believe how good it tasted, especially since most wines don't age past 10 years. For great value, try Sherry from southern Spain. Many Sherry wines are totally dry, salty, and a little bit nutty. It's a totally unique flavor in a wine that you must try at least once in your life. Now that you know the nine common wine styles, you can better communicate and find what sounds good to you. But how do you go about looking the part when you're enjoying a glass of wine? Well, there's some things that sommeliers know that will greatly improve your wine tasting experience. This is a bottle of wine, the world's best invention. And this is maybe the world's second best invention, a waiter's friend. Knowing how to use one of these will make you feel like a real sommelier. Now we have a wine glass. There are many different styles of wine glasses, but a great wine glass has enough space above the wine to collect aromas. You only need 5 ounces or 150 milliliters for a full serving. Now, my glass might look mostly empty, but that's actually the right amount of wine because when I swirl, it releases the aromas into the bowl of glass. When it comes to tasting, I have a whole 10-minute video on the secrets to tasting like a pro, but conceptually wine tasting is much simpler than that. Smell the wine before you taste it. If you block your nose, you won't pick up any of those aromas of black currant, cedar, and peppercorn on a fine Bordeaux. And that's really the secret. It's really that simple. Smell before you taste. If you do this with every new wine you try, you're going to learn so, so much. So let's bring it all together. We started this journey at a massive wall of wine, feeling a little lost. But now you have a powerful new framework. You know that vintage tells you about the weather of a single year and why the same wine can taste different from one year to the next. You've learned that climate is your secret weapon. By knowing whether a wine comes from a warm or cool region, you can predict if the wine will be bold and fruity or light and elegant. And instead of getting bogged down by thousands of grape varieties, you can now confidently navigate the world of wine using the nine core styles. Finally, you've learned that tasting wine isn't actually about snobbery, it's simply about paying attention. The act of smelling your wine before you sip it is the single biggest thing that will elevate your experience and unblock all those amazing flavors that we've been talking about. My promise to you at the beginning of this video was to help you see wine differently. So the next time you walk into a wine shop, that wall of wine won't be so intimidating. Instead of seeing endless confusing options, you see possibilities. You can now ask the right questions. "Hey, I'm in the mood for something from a cool climate." Or "Hey, I really like full bodied red wines, what's a great value alternative to Cabernet Sauvignon?" That feeling? That's confidence. And that's how you start to drink a better wine. Now, if you're excited about what you've learned and want to make your Wine Smarts official, I'd love for you to check out our Wine Folly's certification courses at winefolly.com We have everything from fun, fast beginner courses to deep dives that will get you ready for a sommelier's career. And if you want to continue this journey and learn more about wine with me, make sure you subscribe to this channel because we've got more ground to cover. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next time. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wineworthbuying [7 likes]: Wine is the best fruit juice ;)
  2. @chrisyboy2000 [1 likes]: I 🍷 this! Thank you! ❤
  3. @Solitude47152 [1 likes]: Nice tat.
  4. @introvertdoesthingz [1 likes]: I had no interest in wine before but this video just convinced me to become a wine connoisseur. Excuse me while I go be a connoisseur in training.
  5. @Kowalski-717 [1 likes]: I recognize hundreds of bottles just watching the label .
  6. @esthergitati3538 [1 likes]: Thank you
  7. @CSM393 [1 likes]: Great introduction. Where is the Shiraz in the wine spectrum?
  8. @DanielLeh-i1o: Can you ferment welch's grape juice
  9. @HICKSKE: Best pairing- triple stack bacon cheeseburger and Mad Dog 20/20. C'est fantastique.
  10. @TheWineExposure: great video
  11. @nyyyaq: Hmm.. Interesting that Vivino app not mentioned even in comments. Really useful app for wine beginners and enthusiasts too, that's like IMDb but for wine 😅
  12. @coasternut3091: The biggest reason I can't get into wine is cost.  All good wine costs money, but there are also expensive bad wines
  13. @KieranGarland: genuinely very helpful cheers. love yer books
  14. @JackCavendish.thePoet: Hard to get started? Are you kidding me? Pop a cork and start drinking. That's how I got started over 45 years ago!
  15. @skepticfucker280: 😅
I just make wine for fun, I think YouTube sent me in the wrong direction.
Cheers and much luv to all.
  16. @Josh-yj9kg: too much talking nothing
  17. @NeroeDB: Authentic: all I need to know is what I like, for reasons that vary and create interesting dinner conversations not commonly known already knew that jargon. 
“ I picked this because cause it’s “cute” but cute to me means something DEEPER : I present-poets leap”
  18. @estebanlalosa900: Thank you very much!!! 👏👏👏
  19. @mddc8998: SO good! Thank you for this breakdown!
  20. @AmeerahAmru: Watched this for my assignment on fermentation 😂 gotta ask though, if you could choose between wine, beer and spirits then still chooses wine, what's the reason?

- The New Wine Drinker's Guide to Wine Terminology: Terms 1-18: Kind: captions Language: en hi there welcome to my new series called the new wine drinkers guide this is really designed for wine beginners and will help you get grounded in wine now in the first episode we'll look at 18 wine terms every Wine Drinker should know this will be a rapid fire approach so come on hold on let's go [Music] thank you hey there Posse I'm here and welcome to Ashley wine Consultants as we're learning more about wine together it's important to have a basic understanding of some of the most important terms about wine that's what this video is all about now keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear click like subscribe and hit the little bell so you'll be notified when there's a new post also make sure you share this with your friends you know particularly anyone you know who's relatively new to the wine world I'm sure they would really appreciate it all right let's jump in red wine red wine is made from red purple or black grapes meanwhile white wine is made from green grapes or any other grape of any color now here's where it gets a little bit of surprising no matter the color of the grape all grape juice starts off as clear and ready to be white wine we'll learn a little bit more about how red wine becomes red a little bit later varietal this is a specific grape variety that the wine is made from like a Cabernet Sauvignon or a Chardonnay Blended wines a blended wine is a wine that is made by Pliny at least two different grapes together grape varietals together an example of that would be blending a Cabernet Sauvignon with a Merlot or a sauvignon blanc with a Simeon you know it's a red with a red and a white with a white oh you can have three or four or even five or even more grapes put together to make up a blend producer this is the person or organization that owns the winery and produces the wine vintage this is the year that you'll find on the bottle uh this is the year The Grapes were harvested to make a specific wine the labels I hope this one is is pretty self-explanatory now it's important to know that depending on where in the world the wine is made the label will tell you different things this is a bit confusing because there's no global standard for what goes on the label now as an example in the U.S many wines are single varietals and they have the name of the grape on the label other areas of the world don't have the name of the grape on the label and it's not even shown anywhere at all the label can tell you the Vintage where it was made and sometimes the producer a name of the the wine like eight years in the desert and sometimes the grape varietal now next on our list is toowar this refers to the the combination of the soil and the climate the weather and and the environmental factors that influence the Wine's character how are you doing there is this information helpful if it is right Asti in the comments below okay back to our terms next we have tannins this is a natural compound found in many uh species of plants uh they're in the grapes stems and seeds and contribute to the wine structure and texture they sort of dry out your mouth and make your mouth sort of Pucker acidity this is the tartness or crispness of a wine which contributes to the balance and aging potential acidity causes your mouth to water and actually prepares your mouth for food Aroma this is the specific scent and fragrance perceived in the wine it's often associated with the grape varietal now body this refers to the the weight richness and sort of mouth feel of the wine if I were to compare wine to Milk Light body wine is like skim milk medium body is like two percent milk and full body wine is like whole milk Oak this has to do with the use of Oak barrels or Oak chips during the wine making process it can add flavors such as Vanilla Spice and toastiness to your wine Vintner now I'm going to give you three terms all in one Vintner enologist and winemaker these are the the people who are responsible for overseeing the the entire wine production uh in the entire wine process this is from growing of the grapes and harvesting them to making the wine and aging it appellation this is a legally defined and protected geographic region where grapes are grown for wine production an example would be Napa and Sonoma in California Bordeaux and burgundy in France Tuscany and chiante in Italy these are all individual Appalachians we're trained wine professionals responsible for curating wine list assisting with wine selection and Advising on food and wine pairings oh well there you have it a handful of important terms I hope you find these helpful excuse me helpful I'm looking forward to connecting with you and answering your questions in the comments until next time cheers hey Posse thanks so much for investing the time to watch this video I trust it was helpful to you if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and please consider hitting subscribe also click here to check out our new online shop we have a great lineup of wine related items that will help you get the most out of your wine experience oh and be sure to check out these other videos until next time cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @haroldgar1 [2 likes]: I am always interested in learning more about wine. I find  Asti a great resource!
  2. @BXMurphy [2 likes]: I am a relative newbie. You are very helpful.
  3. @bulbboy7097 [2 likes]: asti
  4. @sheeran7718 [1 likes]: Asti!
  5. @302458 [1 likes]: Asti 🍷
  6. @johngravlee3568 [1 likes]: Asti
  7. @owenbicker799 [1 likes]: Merci Asti!
  8. @gocats132 [1 likes]: Asti
  9. @donstock6602 [1 likes]: Great foundation for all to know, very helpful for the beginner and great to get us all building our wine knowledge on a firm and uniform base. Thank you
  10. @patrickfreeman205 [1 likes]: Asti
  11. @marym3118 [1 likes]: Asti 🍷
  12. @3G-YTravel [1 likes]: 😍😍😍😍
  13. @thesoothingshepherd: asti

- How to get RICH with WINE – Wine Investment: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm konstantin baum master of wine and i know it sounds almost too good to be true but yes you can make money from investing in wine but it's obviously not as easy as it sounds so today i'm going to tell you everything you need to know about wine investment so let's go [Music] full disclosure i'm not a certified one investment expert and i don't think there is such a thing but i know the market pretty well as i've worked for one of the leading one investment institutions for years the term one investment describes the acquisition of wine for financial gain you don't buy the wine to drink and enjoy it you buy it in order to sell it at a profit it has been common practice among wine collectors to buy two cases of a wine they liked and then sell one at a later stage in order to finance their next purchase over the last decades one investment has become a bigger and bigger thing but it also has a long history the region most associated with wine investment is probably bordeaux where one was sold for centuries on primer months or even years before it's been bottled in the hope that the wine will appreciate in value wine investments by collectors became more and more popular in the 1960s and 1970s and the auction houses christie's and sotheby's established their wine departments in 1966 and 1970. auctions are to this day still very popular and really useful for determining where the market is going i was at the osbis de bone option a few months ago and all of the burgundies on sale were 50 up on the previous year and the most expensive barrel sold for 800 000 euros [Applause] 800 000 euros for 300 bottles of wine needless to say it wasn't me who purchased that barrel the ascent of robert parker in his 100 point rating system encouraged wine investment in the 1980s as he provided an independent and easy to understand way of assessing quality in the early 2000s wine investment really boomed especially driven by the chinese market that was growing rapidly and the establishment of hong kong as a tax-free trading hub for fine wine live-x the company i was working for was established during that period as the first online fine wine exchange similar to the stock exchange other companies like far vintners and the uno group really focused on the fine wine investment sector while established wine merchants like barry brothers and rut for example created their own fine wine departments today the estimated value of the fine wine market is above 4 billion us dollars which is actually tiny if you compare it to the 94 trillion us dollar stock market but anyways let's talk about the factors that actually influence the price of a wine so first of all the global economic conditions do have an impact on the fine wine market as well but maybe less so than in other investment markets and that is mainly because the market is really driven by the rich and as we all know the rich just keep getting richer second vintage quality does have an impact on the quality of the wine and therefore wines from a great vintage trade at a premium third critical opinion robert parker was by far the most important wine critic and his influence was significant you can see here what happened to the price of the 2008 la lafitte on livex when robert parker released his 98 to 100 potential perfect score the prices jumped like crazy parker has retired and sold his publication and there are many more critics today than there were in the past i would however argue that no one has the influence on the market that robert parker had the most important factor however is the brand the ability of the winery to produce high quality wines on a consistent basis is key for it to become an investment grade wine producer this even means that wines from famous chateaus that come from poor vintages and were rated poorly can trade much higher than wines that are not so famous the 2007 le petit mouton the second wine of mutton rosh side currently retails for 329 dollars per bottle excluding taxes even though it only got 88 points from robert parker while this nice but completely unknown ayaniko got 89 paka points and sells for 12 euros you really have to focus on the creme de la creme in order to make a profit the best wines from bordeaux burgundy champagne the roan piedmont tuscany napa and some other wines oftentimes people make the point that investment grade wines are rare but this is not always the case usually their production is limited but chateau margot for example produces 160 thousand bottles shuttle two or two hundred thousand bottles and mutton three hundred thousand bottles of their first wine this is a lot of wine production volumes are not that important when it comes to investment grade wines it is important however that no matter how big the supply of a wine is it needs to be outstripped by the demand the principles of wine investment are simple some ones have a very high demand but a naturally restricted supply as these wines age they get better and better so the demand for a 1982 bordeaux is higher than for the same wine from the 2020 vintage at the same time the supply decreases as more and more of the wine is being consumed and the market regulates this decrease in supply and the increase in demand by increasing the price and boom a 12-pack of lafitte 1982 was first released to the market for 450 pounds and last traded for 46 000 pounds an increase of 100 times this is like having purchased amazon shares in the early 2000s there is an index that shows the performance of fine wine the live x 100 and if you compare it to other major indices like the dow jones and the ftse 100 fine wine comes out on top at least if you look at the last year but it was outperformed by the s p 500. so should we all start buying fine wine for investment purposes not really wine investment also comes with quite a few risks the first big problem is provernos in order to make sure that you're able to sell your fine wine at a premium you need to make sure that your drc is not a crd and there were quite a few counterfeit scandals in the recent past the biggest and most well-known one involved a fellow named rudy cornyawan rudy was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison for fraud as he manufactured counterfeit wines he refilled empty expensive bottles of wines or re-labeled old cheap bottles of wines and then sold them at a very high price he got away with this for a long time as it's quite difficult to tell a counterfeit bottle of wine from a real one it is therefore crucial that you work with reputable merchants and keep the receipts in order to be able to track the wines back to the source another important factor is storage where you rarely take receipt of a printed out share of a company fine wine exists and needs to be stored properly if you don't have a great seller you need to pay for storage at a professional facility and this will add up over the years a poorly stored bottle of wine with stained labels and low levels will not produce the same returns as a bottle in perfect condition you should also keep the original wooden case as wines trade at a premium if they are in their original packaging the cost of buying and selling fine wine is much higher if you compare it to other assets if you want to sell your tesla shares you just go on your online trading platform and after a few clicks the trade has gone through if you want to sell your wine collection it gets really complicated and it usually costs you much more money than if you would sell a few shares however if you make the right course and invest in the right wines you can make a lot of money i have to say that investing in wine is much more fun to me than investing in stocks but i have invested more money into stocks than into wine the good thing about wine investment as they always say is that you can at least drink it but you cannot survive on wine alone believe me i have tried so you should make sure that wine only represents a share of your portfolio so thank you for watching i hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is what do you think about wine investment are you doing it are you not doing it comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty good foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oof-DahReviews-bf4hv [1 likes]: So wine is like Crypto currency.
  2. @Amphibax [1 likes]: Most people its better to just go with a good stock portfolio and just drink you wine. Its never a bad idea to have a few investment bottles in storage as backup when you really need some at some point and if you dont much better you can enjoy some great wine
  3. @SmashBrosBrawl: Even if your wine investment fails, you will have a bottle of wine to get drunk on and forget about all the money you lost
  4. @HAVENS913: What school in America offers the best education in the wine industry?
  5. @roastbeef9174: Great video!
  6. @josephloreno-gi5ec: Thank you so very much, I am studying the process of making profits on wine. I am from Mumbai, India. Was introduced to growing berries for the manufacture of wine, by a great gentleman, Mr Sanjay Menon.
Kindly advise on the subject and keep me posted.
Thank you Sir.
  7. @jimdavids6708: As they say “the only way to make a small fortune in the wine business is to start with large fortune”
  8. @lukecalls8279: What happens if you try and survive on just wine
  9. @dhk19: I was late to the wine game and now I am waiting for dom perignon 08 p2 release
  10. @kolawoleagboola5819: Great overview on wine investment, something I plan to invest in. Thanks for sharing your contribution.
  11. @Androctonus84: I have a couple of wines that I buy futures in. Originally I did this just to get them at a lower price, with the full intent to drink them. But these are wines that really should have some significant bottle age, and as I get older I’ve converted most of my allotment to large format bottles (3L, for example), because there’s a decent chance I won’t get around to drinking them, and the return on the larger formats is better if/when I sell them. We’re not talking volumes or prices high enough that I’d ever get rich, but I might make a nice little profit at least. And if I’m still healthy enough to enjoy them when they’re ready to drink I can throw some pretty decent parties.
  12. @The.Epicurean: IFL this guy!👍
  13. @Joel8862: Thank you for your advice master Konstantin .. I was about to invest.. now I need to think twice, or, like those ppl who buy 2 cases, one for drink, and 2 for sell or drink 😘
  14. @JackAgainski: This worked for me back in the mid 80's when I bought some very good 1982 Bordeaux as futures. I paid less than $60 for Mouton and Haut- Brion and sold then at auction for $1,200 & $850 as well as other 82 Bordeaux. I also sold some 1989 ch Beaucastel as well some California wines. I used the money to buy 2009 & 2010 futures but the prices were high then due to interest from China. They are worth more now but not mush more.
  15. @numbereightyseven: The script being read out here, is a textbook case of what a con looks like. All this crowd wants is your money. They don't give a sh'''t about your wellbeing.
Youtube advertising - the gutter of the marketing industry.
  16. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: You know what to find
  17. @paulinasuguitanlopezsf: I Must be an angel
  18. @BobCat-n7p: Thank you Konstantin for such a great video! I didn't know that -  much like Oil - the Wineries restrict production in order to drive up price, yet wine as a commodity is not traded in the same as Oil or even others like Wheat/Grain/ a la the Chicago Mercantile exchange. Or maybe it is and I just don't know :).   I originally found your video by searching for how to make money off of wine exporting and this gave me a great start. I will watch more of your videos for sure.
  19. @vintageswiss9096: "If you dont have a cellar, you need to pay for storage..."

Not true in the USA. 90% of our houses have air condition and stay at a constant 65-72*F.

Almost any American can store wine in an interior closet indefinitely.
  20. @klausmuller9568: Hi Konstantin, ich würde gerne junge Weine (in Kisten) kaufen und dann lagern, aber nicht zum Verkauf, sondern für den späteren Genuss. Kannst du evtl. mal dazu ein Video machen, also auf was man alles achten muss (Gebiet, Ernte & Witterung usw.) und wo man solchen Weine quasi im Presale herbekommt. Also nicht in 800.000 Dollar Fässer 😂 Danke für die tollen Videos!

- HOW to COLLECT WINE like a MASTER: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is constantin baum i'm a master of wine and i often get the requests from you guys that you want to see what's in my cellar i'm not going to show you everything because that's private but today i want to show you how to build your own wine collection and how to correctly store your wine on top of that i'm going to show you some wines from my collection that you should get for your own seller too so let's dive in [Music] when i first got interested in one i did not have any money no space and i did not know enough in order to start collecting wine i usually bought my wine at the supermarket or at wine shops and opened the bottles on the same evening in the following years i could not start a collection either because i was moving from country to country was living in flats where i kept my wine in cupboards and under staircases when we bought this house one of the reasons i fell in love with it was the cellar it's cold dark and humid and therefore pretty much perfect for storing wine but you do not need a perfect seller in order to start your wine collection there's no official definition of what makes somebody a wine collector but my personal definition would be that a wine collector buys wines for the purpose of building a collection of wines she or he enjoys a wine collector therefore makes strategic long-term decisions when buying wines as opposed to just buying wines for the next dinner party but why should you build a wine collection the most important reason is that you always have wine at home for every occasion the second reason is that it's fun and it might be a great opportunity to connect with other collectors and the third reason is that wine appreciates in value over time so you might be able to buy a case of wine today and sell it at a profit in 10 years time in order to buy more wine i do not plan exactly which ones i'm going to buy each year but it makes a lot of sense to think a little bit about your approach which ones you're going to add to your collection obviously depends on your budget your space and your personal preferences you should buy ones that you and your guests like for sure but you should also have wines for different occasions at different price points and for different meals a good collector always has one at different maturity levels in his cellar you want to have ones that are too young ones that are just getting into their drinking window and ones that are right at their peak at the same time in your cellar part of collecting wine is also that you will always have some wine that are past their peak which is fine but you need to make sure that the number of bottles is as small as possible in order to taste the evolution of a wine in the bottle it makes sense to buy not just one bottle but maybe three or a whole case the ability of wine to age also depends on the storage location but which are the perfect conditions there's limited scientific research on this topic but most people would agree that a cold humid and dark area is best this might also be the case because traditionally wine was made and stored in cellars and we might have just grown accustomed to this storage location for our wine the short-term storage environment is not so important for the quality of a wine unless it's extremely hot or extremely cold otherwise all wines that are being sold at supermarkets or in wine shops or that are being transported during winter or summer would be damaged wine is not fresh fish it's pretty stable and fairly resistant to outside influences in order to find the right location you should look for the temperature the impact of sunlight and the humidity in that location the temperature is the most important factor is the speed of chemical reactions and therefore the aging process increases the warmer the temperatures get in a cellar that is at five degrees celsius once will mature slower than in the cellar that is at 15 degrees celsius but a slower maturation is not necessarily a great advantage especially when considering that most wines are being consumed before their peak genesis robinson puts the ideal storage temperature at between 10 and 15 degrees celsius i would go a little bit higher i would say 12 to 17 degrees celsius as this falls also into the ideal serving temperature for most high quality white wines and most red wines more important than the exact temperature is the consistency of the temperature when the temperature fluctuates the volume of the wine decreases and increases pushing and pulling air in and out of the bottle if you want to know more about this topic check out this video i'll link it up somewhere up there and you find out what the aromatic impact of storage conditions actually are sunlight is another factor uv rays can start reactions in the bottle that causes the wine to produce off flavors this is why most wines are filled into colored glass bottles and while reutera puts their clear glass crystal bottle into this yellow foil the other important factor is humidity most people would say that the humidity should be at 75 percent in order to make sure that the corks don't dry out i don't really believe in that because the bottle is filled with a liquid the wine should keep the cork moist enough in order for it to stay intact and protected from oxygen but if you have too much humidity in a room your labels might get damaged and you might not be able to identify the wine or resell the bottle for your seller you should get one of those devices that track the temperature and the humidity of the seller 24 7. if you don't have a seller you can always get one of those wine cabinets they are pretty much perfect as well they keep the same storage conditions all year round they're just a little bit more expensive and you obviously need electricity so which ones should you have in your collection you obviously need some wines for your immediate consumption but what makes a great collection a great collection are the ones that are meant to be aged age-worthy ones usually have one or more of the following characteristics they are high in acidity have high levels of tendons high levels of residual sugar are for marginal climates were fermented or matured in oak vessels and they come from really high level producers so let's have a look at a few of them one wine style that has to be part of every collection and that is often overlooked as an age-worthy one is champagne or high-end sparkling wines sparkling wines can age for a long long time this is also because of the co2 that is bound in the wine itself and they can get creamier richer and more textured over time so definitely store some champagne and keep it for a while before popping the cork obviously one of the greatest white wines that is meant to be aged is riesling if you have one of those big magnum bottles the wine will age even more slowly but the wines from prim for example they can last for decades and i bought this bottle of kuvy fridge emil from trimbak at a restaurant sale and it came at a pretty good price and these wines last forever over here in europe this wine is not so famous but the hunter valley semior especially the tyra's vat one is amazing as an age-worthy wine those wines keep for a long time they are very fresh very vibrant low in alcohol and they last a long long time sweet ones are a safe bet even if you're not going for the most high-end most high-profile producers but if you're going for great so turn great sweet wines from germany or this a tokai from a top producer you would have a wine that is ready to be served at your funeral you won't be able to enjoy it though when it comes to age where the red wines bordeaux is the great classic no matter whether you're going for the left bank or a right bank producer like chateau clinic from pomerol those wines can age for decades and in some cases old bordeaux is actually cheaper than the more recent vintages which is a bit silly but it's also a great opportunity for you to stock up on some mature red wine burgundy might not always appear like it's a great wine for aging but it can age gracefully and the wines get really velvety rich and luscious but you should definitely go for the better producers producing wines from the great sides like this grand cru from claude de vujo can be just beautiful if you put it away in the cellar when they're young they sometimes a bit too grippy a bit too harsh but all that gets more mellow and round with time and the wines get really really complex and are just as beautiful as great burgundies for example so definitely stock up on some of this i'm a sura lover so i really enjoy drinking h surahs they get really wild and meaty over time like this 2001 koto tea which is by the way wrapped in cling film in order to protect the label from mold but i'm not going to resell this bottle i'm definitely going to drink it and i will enjoy it fortified wines offer great value for money this bottle of madeira will last a century probably and this is a small bottle of vintage port i sometimes can't manage to drink a whole bottle of port i'm sorry and for those cases i use those small bottles because they will serve two to four people depending on how thirsty you are and they are great value for money too so this is something you should definitely have in your collection so thank you for watching from me and my friends here i hope you enjoyed this video if you did then please like it down here subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already my question of the day is which is the bottle of wine that is in your cellar and that you are really waiting to open please comment down below i hope i see you guys again soon until then stay thirsty you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bernhardlangers778: I don't have a collection as I'm just getting into wine and am growing an understanding, yet I bought a 1976 Richter Spätlese from the Mosel region. Will hopefully enjoy it this April when a friend returns from Africa.
  2. @reneparraga9000: Viña Tondonia 2011 & Aalto 2019
  3. @johnmichaeloconnor8810: High levels of residual sugar???
  4. @johnburns3703: I have some Brigaldara Amarone 95  that i got in about 98 that I look forward to  I also have some Tignanello 98 that I am just thinking about bringing up to Chambre for this weekend. Some Sasssicaia  from 2009 and 2010,  And a few others, some of which I have had previous bottles of that have been great after long cellaring. One was a 2002 Sassicaia that was cheap in Costco. - One was great but the other 2 had died. Also a bottle of Millenium Moet and Chandon that  has seen many different locations and orientations. The trouble is finding the right occasion and preparing the bottle as far in advance as is needed.
  5. @MartinLRichards: Thank you for your very informative YouTube channel which I'm really enjoying and from which I'm learning a lot. You mentioned about which wine your viewers were looking forward to try. I'm looking forward to having another bottle of 2008 Pontet Canet. I was underwhelmed a few years ago but had never tried this before but read good reviews so didn't know what to expect, but I much preferred a bottle of Leoville Barton from the same year. So interested to try again soon. Also keen to open a gift of 1997 La Mission having also been given a Haut Brion of the same year which I drank during Covid and considered the best wine I'd ever drunk!
  6. @thomasr9149: ‘’Wine appreciates in value over time’’ … this remark didn’t age too well 😅
  7. @daniellabuda7744: I got very fascinated with wine, considering I have a friend who is a young sommelier in life. Learning about the wine world and tasting different flavors is a hobby which fits my personality. 

I am curious to open these from my collection: 

100% Cabernet Franc from Antigal winery and estates, Mendoza Argentina 2020
Geometria Assyrtiko from Lafazanis Winery 
DOCG Manfredi Barbaresco 2020 
Chateau La Fleur du Mayne cuvee Pomerol 2016
  8. @Mark-qg8hm: Which is the best varietal of Turning Leaf that you should include in your cellar?
  9. @kristian5515: I am looking forward to drinking one of my Marroneto madonna delle grazie brunello di montalcino 2008, even if it might be a little too late. Thanks for another nice video.
  10. @roderikseubers109: i have clos du pape 2007 waiting.
what is the best year do you think 

2007 its the best year I have been told
  11. @LucasGruber1: I my cellar it’s definitely mouton Rothschild 1990.
  12. @PolyDave: Oh my. Sometimes an unlikely, special wine is discovered. Quite by chance. 'Catch 22' A 2017 red blend from Barossa. It has chocolate, and mint. Presents itself in the glass perfectly. And it's so ready to consume right now! Good to go on arrival.
  13. @yriafehtivan: It's okay to not drink a whole bottle of port! That's why it'll survive for weeks open.
  14. @ClémentBourguignon-e2y: A Corton Grand Cru 2018 from Château de Meursault !
  15. @ardema4329: Fantastic ideas thank you. 

I have a GRAND VIN' 1982
PELLATION MARGAUX CHATEAU MARCADE

I was thinking about selling it, recommendations how to do this?
  16. @TheCloudek: Seek God, only he can fill the internal voids and give us true happiness and peace. He loves you. God bless you all and your families.

Read, please:
2 Corinthians 5:17.
Romans 10:8-13.
  17. @AchillesMajor: I only got into wine because I was diagnosed with severe Celiac Disease in late 2014 - so beer was off the menu. But - thank Jeebus for Celiac bc wine is awesome. I now am a certified Somm & have a (likely) too large cellar (3,000+) but wines from almost every country & all wine types included. Some of the faves most looked forward to? 1985 La Chapelle, 1995 Chave Hermitage, 1965 TF Port, a 1904 Sherry, 2015 Chateau Margaux (last wine of Paul Pontallier) ...
  18. @davidboloten7879: Came across your channel last week and am thoroughly enjoying you videos.
I have 1 btl 1998 Haute Brion. My first (and only) 1st growth Bordeaux. Purchased on release for $350 CDN. Back then I thought this was crazy to shell out this much for a bottle of wine. Today this sells for over $2,000. CDN.Not that I plan on selling it. My wife's 65th birthday is approaching and I think it may be time to pop the cork.
  19. @javiveras: Waiting to  the right occasion to open a Solaia 2001....
  20. @nikifo13: I have a Barolo Riserva from Tenuta Pianpolvere from 2011, a Rioja Alta by Vina Ardanza from 2008 and last but not least a Chateau Pontet-Canet from 2004. Patiently waiting for an appropriate moment to enjoy them with some good meat... :)

- 3 Wines to Try at 40,000 Feet: Kind: captions Language: en You know, not a lot of people know this, but when you taste at elevation 40,000 ft, your sense of smell and your sense of taste changes and augments. Hi, I'm Jesse [clears throat] Rodriguez, Similia [music] from Mellan Jets. Here's three unique wines that you should consider tasting at elevation at that 40,000 ft. First, Chardonnay, specifically from this producer known as Perch Chance. This comes from the Beextopper Lake Vineyard. I always think [music] of creamsicle, lemon mering pie. Really beautiful just nostalgic childhood memories. Secondly, we're going to go to a producer in Bojlet known as Marcel La Pierre. So game is the grape [music] comes from the kuner as Morgone is a small little blue de or [music] the vineyard site within Morgone. Think of strawberries, watermelon, [music] cotton candy, pearrops at the carnival. And lastly, I'd like to recommend one [music] offering here that you should try, Elevation. So, this is the 2023 [music] KHK Hillside. So, I always think of this wine as mocha, chocolate, espresso, coffee tones to it. At 300 [music] cases, the production is very limited. However, through Mellan Jets, clients can secure their own bottle or cases for their collection.

- I Tried a $15K Sommelier Table Experience at a 3 Michelin Star (London): Kind: captions Language: en The sommelier’s table. It’s a private room with dedicated&nbsp; staff and your private sommelier. And I have never tried it. Until today. But with a price tag of 15 thousand euros, will it be a one and done? Or my new favorite thing. Join me and find out. In this special edition, Alexander&nbsp; the Guest, we are heading to England. To Helene Darroze at the Connaught. To experience the luxury of the Sommelier’s Table. Welcome to London. A city who does Christmas like nobody’s business. It’s December 2023, and the twinkling lights&nbsp; are outshined only by the festive cheer. Today, we are going to a historic hotel&nbsp; in the heart of the Mayfair district. The Connaught. Where the guest list is a celebrity who’s who. Rumor has it, back in the day, the Prince of Wales would book the whole place and&nbsp; throw private parties with champagne and peaches. Whether that’s true or not, one thing is for sure. Today we will have our own private party inside&nbsp; the hotel’s Three Michelin star restaurant. Helene Darroze. Walking in, the staff come out&nbsp; of the woodwork to greet us. Almost like we are royalty. Which makes sense, because here,&nbsp; royalty is baked into everything. Even the name. When it was built in 1815, it was&nbsp; called The Prince of Saxe Coburg Hotel. After some big renovations in 1897,&nbsp; they shortened the name to The Coburg. Ever since, the layout has been the same,&nbsp; but in 1917, they made another name change. They called it The Connaught. It’s a reference to Queen&nbsp; Victoria's third son, Prince Arthur. The Duke of …. you guessed it…. Connaught. So let this be a lesson. If you want royals to throw champagne&nbsp; and peaches parties at your place,&nbsp;&nbsp; you best include them in the name. The dining room is artfully designed with curved&nbsp; lines, exposed wood and full grain leather. But we will not be here to enjoy it. We are just passing through. And going straight to the wine cellar. Check this out. With 30 thousand bottles in&nbsp; stock, it goes on for days. This is Mirko Benzo, Corporate&nbsp; Food and Beverage Director. From Italy, he’s been working&nbsp; with Helene for 14 years. He walks us through his remarkable inventory. Including private collections and&nbsp; a selection of ex-cellar wines. What does that mean? These days, some wines fly around the&nbsp; world many times before they are bought. They can be passed from hand to hand,&nbsp;&nbsp; or sold at auction many times over&nbsp; before someone finally drinks them. Along the way, the bottles can be exposed to&nbsp;&nbsp; light and temperature changes,&nbsp; which can easily ruin the wine. But there is one way to lower that risk. It’s called ex-cellar wine. It refers to wine sold directly from the winery,&nbsp;&nbsp; where we can be more confident it’s&nbsp; been stored in the proper conditions. Walking around, we can see a lot of history&nbsp; has been preserved from back in the day. They even have the wine list&nbsp; from one hundred years ago. Sadly, they are not honoring these prices. This is Federico Zanardi, our&nbsp; private sommelier for the evening. He started at the Ritz, before&nbsp; joining the team here last summer. Tonight, we are a party of four wine lovers who have agreed to split the&nbsp; bill at the end of the night. Before arriving, we checked the wine list to&nbsp; see if there was anything wanted for sure. I used every persuasion technique I know so that in the end, we all agreed on the 96 Krug. It’s one of my personal favorites, but&nbsp; it’s not something we see very often. It was the last bottle they had in&nbsp; the wine cellar, so we pre-ordered it. To miss this fantastic&nbsp; opportunity would be a shame. Going deeper into the cellar,&nbsp; we see some really rare bottles. Like this vintage 1952 and the ultra-rare, first ever&nbsp; release of Clos de Mesnil, from 1979. Let’s check the prices. Are you sitting down? The 1952 is almost 12 thousand euros. And the 79 Clos de Mesnil, one of the most special&nbsp; champagnes ever, is pushing 22 thousand euros. We all agree to pass on these. There are a lot of different&nbsp; sizes of wine bottles. The standard is seven hundred and&nbsp; fifty mill, but there are a lot more. From the Piccolo that holds just under 200 mills. All the way up to the Midas, that holds 30 liters. This one is quite rare and weighs 70 kilos, so you&nbsp; might need a friend or two to help you pour it. This one is called Jeroboam. Also known as the double magnum. It holds 3 Liters. And this one is all ours. It’s the 96 vintage Krug we pre-ordered. The price is 7 thousand six hundred euro. This is my happy dance. Looking after us today is Giuseppe Molinaro. Former Assistant Restaurant&nbsp; manager at The Fat Duck. Now, he has that responsibility here. He serves the first canapes. A seaweed tartlet of bluefin tuna. Crackers with turnip parfait and a fritter with smoked&nbsp; duck, pumpkin and truffle. Together they unlock all five tastes. Sweet, salty, sour, bitter and umami. This might seem like a&nbsp; strange place to have a meal. Right here in the wine cellar. But this is all part of the&nbsp; experience at The Sommelier’s Table. Here at the Connaught, it comes&nbsp; with a private dining room for up to 8 people with a&nbsp; sommelier at our disposal. And some personalized touches. Included in the price is a six-course&nbsp; tasting menu for everyone at the table. The price tag is just under three thousand euro. For a normal reservation, this menu&nbsp; goes for two hundred and sixty euro. They also have a weekday lunch menu which is the&nbsp; most affordable option at a hundred and fifty. For wine, there are four pairings&nbsp; to choose from ranging from a&nbsp;&nbsp; hundred and seventy to six hundred eighty euro. Instead, I give a mission to the young sommelier. Giving him a price range and requesting&nbsp; some of their most exciting wines. Our first course comes in layers. Starting with seabream tartar&nbsp; covered with smoked haddock cream. Topped with krystal caviar,&nbsp; dressed up with a beetroot tree. On the side - even more&nbsp; caviar on a beetroot tuile. We are told there is no right or wrong way. Just dig in. Excellent textures here. The smokey cream goes so well with salty caviar. It’s powerful. I really like it. Our next wine is a 2012&nbsp; German riesling from Keller. It’s dry and fruity with nice minerality,&nbsp; making it a great choice for seafood. Enter our next course. Spider Crab. At the bottom we have a brown crab bisque,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a white crab salad finished with pink&nbsp; grapefruit foam presented in the shell. This is a famous dish in Spain’s basque country,&nbsp; close to where Chef Helene Darroze is from. And it’s absolutely fantastic. The sweetness of the crab, with a bit of&nbsp; acidity, and bitterness from the grapefruit. There was an exciting hint of spiciness as well. I really enjoyed this dish. The bitter grapefruit was so beautiful. Where I come from, we don’t do much bitter, so it was great to see it&nbsp; used so well in this dish. Masterfully balanced. We shot this episode just before Christmas 2023, so it’s been almost nine months since our visit. Yet, I still remember this&nbsp; dish as if it was yesterday. The service here at the Sommelier’s&nbsp; Table is relaxed but attentive. As Guiseppe says: “We don’t want to be the best,&nbsp; we want to be the favorite”. I love it. Next is a blind tasting. The shape of the bottle gives&nbsp; away part of the mystery. It looks like a riesling… and it is. A bit sweet but beautifully balanced. It turns out to be a 2020 Egon Muller&nbsp; Kabinett from the Mosel region. This release is special for The Connaught&nbsp; and even has its own custom label. It shows you the power they have&nbsp; here at this iconic property. Our next course is onion soup. It’s a French classic with a modern touch. On the bottom we have onion,&nbsp; cheese from sheep’s milk,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sourdough flower topped&nbsp; with fresh black truffle. I loved the deep umami here. Our next wine is a 1986 Spanish&nbsp; Rioja red from Marqués de Murrieta. Outstanding wine. Next to the table is a bread service&nbsp; with an interesting butter presentation. Followed by a new server. It’s the lady herself. Chef Helen Darroze. In her career she accomplished a lot. She has held the title of&nbsp; World’s Best Female Chef. Became an honorary knight&nbsp; in France’s Legion of Honor. And was the inspiration for the character&nbsp; Colette in the film Ratatouille. Believe it or not, she came&nbsp; close to NOT becoming a chef. She entered the fine dining world as an assistant&nbsp;&nbsp; to Super Chef Alain Ducasse at&nbsp; Le Louis the fifteenth in Monaco. And worked mostly in the back office. But Ducasse learned something about Helen. That she came from a legacy of chefs. Four generations to be exact. Soon, Ducasse had her convinced&nbsp; to join him in the kitchen. They worked side by side for 3 years before&nbsp; Helene returned to her family’s restaurant. Then in 1999, she opened&nbsp; Restaurant Helene Darroze in Paris. Earning two michelin stars by 2003. In 2008, the Connaught did an&nbsp; 80 million euro refurbishment. And named Helene Darroze as the new chef. Soon after opening, the restaurant was&nbsp; climbing the ranks of the Michelin guide, with one star in 2009, the second&nbsp; in 2011 and the third in 2021. These days, she splits her time between&nbsp; London and Paris overseeing three restaurants. Her one star in the south of France, the two star in Paris, and the three star here at the Connaught. Chef Helene is tableside to introduce&nbsp; one of her signature dishes. Scallop from Scotland. Prepared with tandoori spices&nbsp; balanced with a citrus confit,&nbsp;&nbsp; carrot, coriander and chicken broth. Bright acids, popping flavors, and&nbsp; spice that is good but not overpowering. So far, this has been a wonderful experience. The blind tasting, the personalized service, Next is turbot, one of the kings of the sea. Served with rutabaga puree, a beurre blanc sauce&nbsp; with seaweed and a little bergamot from Sicily. The fish could not be cooked any better. The seaweed gives it a nice umami, and&nbsp; the bergamot adds a touch of acidity. My only wish is that they could&nbsp; have been a bit bolder with it. For the main course, we have two wines. One is As Caborcas by Spanish&nbsp; producer Telmo Rodriguez from 2014. This is a rich, intense red. The second is another mystery. I love the beautiful color. It turns out to be a Tuscan red. Chianti Classico Il Poggio. A reserva from 1968 by&nbsp; producer Castello di Monsanto. Although it might be past its peak, this&nbsp; wine has spicy notes and a gorgeous finish. Perfect for the main course. And here it is - A5 wagyu beef&nbsp; from the Gunma region of Japan. On the side is a Wagyu beef&nbsp; tartare, smoked egg yolk, and crispy salsify arranged between two tuilles. Beautiful main course with perfect ingredients. Then, Chef Marco Zampese rocks&nbsp; in like an old best friend. In January 2014, he started&nbsp; work here as junior sous chef, then to sous chef, before&nbsp; becoming executive chef in 2018. He is here just to say hi and check on things. Our first of the sweet courses&nbsp; is the William Pear Dessert. Poached pear, biscuit and pear granita. Sheep’s curd cheese chantilly cream. Finished with Black pepper&nbsp; ice cream and pear sauce. I don’t know what to say except it’s pear-fect. Our second sweet course is a dark chocolate Tanea. Made with 70% cocoa chocolate from Madagascar. The chips and ice cream are made with sunchoke. I love chocolate but this is not&nbsp; your average chocolate dessert. Super creative and very interesting flavors. This restaurant has super&nbsp; strong by the glass options. As a final act we choose a heavy hitter. This is a 1999 Petrus. and is a benchmark of luxury in the world of wine. This bottle is from 1999. It was a special year for me. In 99, I moved to England to work as an au pair. The first of the petit four are finished&nbsp; at the table by Senior Pastry chef Marius. This is a tilted mille-feuille filled with quince&nbsp; chutney and topped with cardamom diplomat cream. It's amazing. Finally a dark chocolate dessert&nbsp; with chocolate from Venezuela. We also have chocolate truffle filled with&nbsp; Helene Darozze signature Christmas spices.&nbsp; A chocolate bomb. And with that, we are done. The total for today, is just over&nbsp; 15,000 euro for the four of us. So what do I think of Helen&nbsp; Darroze at the Connaught? No question, they use the best quality&nbsp; ingredients and have incredible technical skills. But here’s the thing. I love dishes that are bold&nbsp; and even a bit divisive. The ones that slap you in the face. Here, with some dishes, I felt they&nbsp; kept the intensity in the safe zone. But the crab dish pushed the boundaries and turned out to be a magical&nbsp; course that was masterfully balanced. Regarding the number of courses,&nbsp; I would love to enjoy a few more. How about the Sommelier's table? I'm glad I had the chance to try it&nbsp; once, but it won't become my new thing. Butthe Krug jeroboam will remain&nbsp; an experience to remember. The level of service is the best money can buy. It’s consistent and high-caliber. Mirko, Federico, Giuseppe, Marius, Hospitality is in their blood,&nbsp; and all of them were remarkable. They truly talk the talk. As Giuseppe says: “We are not in the business of food and drinks, but we are in the business of emotion.” And that does it for this episode. Thank you for joining me! If you like this video, hit subscribe. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chandlergreff3113 [3 likes]: 13:15 Charity .......... 1 lmao
  2. @JCW-zs6yn: The today’s Michelin Guide restaurants phenomenon,
You’re paying for a signature from a Chef, but like in most of them. 
The Chef is not even present.
Busy running other businesses.
It’s such a shame.
And money not well invested.
It’s a YouTube show business.
An illusion.
Salute 🥂
  3. @andrewburdock9348: I enjoy watching your channel as I am a food lover who eats to much but 15K I felt a little disgusted at that kind of indulgence. Anyway camembert and crusty bread for supper £3. Huggs
  4. @anothertarnishedone5960: This is just bullshit
  5. @georgee5331: What happens to the rest of 3L of Krug after 4 folks have some? That's a LOT of leftovers..... brown bag it?
  6. @Everythingdiscussed: Omg those Chateau Petrus❤😮
  7. @waltercolvin3303: i just had bean and cornbread with fried potatoes peech cobbler sweet tea and bj after the meal pricless
  8. @Linchpin_TF: are there any restaurants with homemade non alcoholic soft drinks?
  9. @CG74GJG: This showing off of expenditure is pathetic. A 4 course meal at the Sommelier Table is £150!!! The only reason your bill came to £11150 is because you pissed all up the wall with pretentious champagnes and wines.
  10. @curttuckfield5565: You were going to have a different wine with each course AND you got a THREE LITER bottle of champagne??
  11. @agentcovert: Bern's Steakhouse in Florida has the largest wine collection in the world..around 700k bottles..but doubtful he would slum it at a few hundred dollar a night dinner place..lol
  12. @utopialist: Where do you find the money ?
  13. @HyperCarnivoreChef: In Italy we had a famous scammer called Wanna Marchi that become famous selling useless creams to lose fat and other scams, so she went to jail for this but one thing of her process remains famous, she told to the judge that she had the moral obligation on scamming people because " i coglioni vanno inculati" that doesn't translate literally in English but basically means in stronger terms that the stupid people deserve to be scammed.....this fine dining industry is made to scam morons
  14. @XavierYz-e4b: Imagine opening a 22k bottle of champagne only to find it corked.
  15. @Hrca1983: janje 100 eur friško
  16. @FrankHerfjord: those prices are insanely overpriced. 79 clos mesnil is €3500 on wine-searcher...
  17. @NickTellerddpy: Great video. But these luxury reviews are so out of people’s price ranges… it is depressing
  18. @thedalillama: 4 desserts is a little crazy.
  19. @hapyharyhard0n581: €7600 for 1 bottle of wine?! Holy shit! My most favorite car I've ever owned cost less than that and THAT is what you spend for a single meal?! wow. Just wow. ill never see that level.
  20. @NeoP2: 15€, quite cheap!

- Top 5 Port Wine Lodges in Porto 🍷 Best Wine Tastings (picked by a Local Guide): Kind: captions Language: en are you traveling to Porto and wondering what are the best port wine lodges for you to go wine tasting don't worry I got you covered my name is sah Hub I have been a tour guiding portal for the past 10 years but not only that I have also been a wine tour guide in Doro Valley where port wine is produced for the same time so I actually know what I'm talking about on this video I'm going to tell you my top five port wine lodges in the city as well as one wine tting room that I particularly like this is not an exhaustive list of all wine lodges in PTO okay these are the ones that I personally recommend for each place I'm going to tell you the advantages and disadvantages of going there so that you can choose the wine experience that is most suitable to you before we start the video let me tell you two important things first of all on the description of this video you can find the links for you to buy the tickets for each of the P mine lodges that I'm going to recommend you and I do recommend you to buy the tickets because these activities tend to sell out especially during the high season and second of all don't forget to hit the Subscribe button so that you don't miss any of my new videos about PTO and the dorao valley let's start first up is Grahams The Experience there starts with a 10-minute videos about their wineries followed by a group guided tour inside their beautiful lodges let me show you something super here at the GNE much this CK that you see right next to me it's 150 years old Tony it takes from 8082 and they can only bottle one of these cks per generation of owners it's amazing to be able to be uh right next to it the guided visit is followed by a wine tasting either at the common room that you can see here or at the grams room which is a more private room for premium wine tastings at GRS moreover Grahams also has a really elegant Wine Bar as well as a cool restaurant with fantastic views overlooking the Doro River and Porto city grahs is one of my favorite wine lodges for several reasons first of all I think it's where you can get the best guided tours it's very they are very well structured and the guyses are properly informed so it is a place where you're going to get the largest amount of information which is great for nerds like me second of all I think it has gorgeous Tasting Room this is the I think it's called the common Tasting Room uh and then they have also a vintage Tasting Room for more premium wine tastings and third they have a fantastic view over the Doro River and Porto it's absolutely gorgeous and the restaurant that they have in here has the same view so overall I think the experience at GRS is absolutely top the only thing that I don't like about coming to gram Portland Lodge is that uh it is located at the top of the hill you know so if you're coming from Kaya where all the other port wine cells are located you have to climb quite a steep Street uh it takes around 20 minutes walking distance or you can simply take the Uber or a taxi from wherever your hotel in Porter is located my second choice is CNS the guided visit there starts with a small wine museum followed by a guided tour in their extraordinary really large wine Lodge where you are also going to be able to experience something unique which is to watch their dedicated Cooper teams repairing wine barrels it's simply amazing then you're going to enjoy your wine tasting either at their main tasting room or at the John Smith's Tasting Room which is a more private room where the premium wine tastings take place at covers talk about the three things that I Love About covern Wine LOD first of all this is in my opinion the most beautiful wine Lodge here in PTO period it's absolutely massive uh to give you an idea it has n million liters of wine uh spread in 6,000 wine barrels so the celer itself is enormous and it is magnificent as well so one point there um the other thing is that this is the only wine Lodge where you have a cage so where you can see the Coopers repairing the wine barrels and this is something really unique that you won't be able to do any anywhere else here in Porto advantages uh personally I'm not super found of the wine tasting room it feels it's it's large but it feels quite dark so I would like covers to either have a wine tasing room with more natural light or to have a proper outer area like grams or tailor um the other thing that might be a minor problem is that the wine seller is on top of a hill so it's located more or less 500 MERS away from the rivers side always going on a steep climb but you know what they say no pain no gain so just suck it up come to C's uh wine lodge because you want great experience in third place comes tillers which provides a completely different experience since you won't have a guided tour but rather a self AIO guided tour available in 13 languages so that you can explore their wine museum as well as their wine lodges entirely at your own place at the end you are going to enjoy your port wines in this gorgeous indoor room or at their Terrace which is absolutely adorable and has an amazing view of the Doro River just like grahs does I love tailor mostly for three reasons first of all I love the concept of having an audio guided tour because I think it gives you time to explore the wine seller at your own pace which doesn't happen if you are with a tour guide uh second of all it has a really enormous Terrace with the gorgeous coer third Taylor has phenomenal wines okay so um on the price of the guided visit the three wines which are these ones that you can see right here but you can choose uh also by the glass which I think is great if you are a wine coner and want to dive deep into the Fantastic wines of tailor so overall I think this Winery is fantastic for portwine lovers on the other hand tailor might not be the right choice for you if you are traveling for instance with a group of friends because you know each one of you will be handling their own audio guide so that's not much inter going on and second of all tailor like Rams is located on the top of the hill okay so uh you have to walk quite a lot to get there there's no subway stations there are no buzzes next up is posage a small scale producer in the hands of a Portuguese family The Experience starts with a guided tour of their wine Lodge where you're going to be able to see a small tools Museum that personally I think it's adorable then it's followed by a wine tasting of ports steel wines or both as you prefer if you are looking for small wine the I love the experience ofst first of all the guid visit is very very short but it's very effective because are very very knowledgeable and very enthusiastic I really like as well the room as you can see it's very informal very relaxed that and third depending and L on the deso and iant of but on the more to now let me introduce you to my favorite wine tasting room which belongs to Kavu a lovely Portuguese brand in the hands of a brother and a sister they have this gorgeous experience available online where you'll taste three fantastic ports paired with three traditional Portuguese cheeses from small scale producers it's truly a wonderful experience now the reason why I'm recommending Cavo wine tasting room in particular are basically three first of all the overall quality of the wines included on the wine tastings are very good and above the mark uh to give you an idea I'm doing the wine uh port wine tasting with cheeses sparing and they included a single Harvest white P from 2009 um look you're not going to find this in other wine tasting rooms um at least not at this price point uh the second thing is that I really like this uh bearing of pork wine sweet cheeses because it really teaches you how to play with port wine and what to do with them back home and third of all their stuff is wonderful you know so they have historians they have wine makers in their team um and they are all very knowledgeable about wines and they are all going to be able to really explain you the D Valley region the wine making process as well as the wines that you're going to taste so overall I really do think that the wine tastings at cavu are wonderful instructive experiences at quite an affordable price lastly comes colum The Experience there starts with a visit to a small wine museum that you explore on your own followed by a guided visit of their wine Lodge which is quite small to be honest it's not very impressive then you can have a wine tasting at their main tasting room or if you prefer you can do the wine tasting while watching a pH show so look I'm not going to Sugar C this for you okay um colum doesn't have an interesting wine Lodge like for instance CNS which is large and beautiful uh the tour is also not very interesting uh because uh I've done the tour several times and I always feel that the knowledge that the guides possess is very superficial so if you are a proper wine lover colum is definitely not the wine L I recommend for you and you may be wondering you know if I don't like the wine Lodge if I don't like the tour why on Earth is col I'm included on this video of the best portline lodges in Portal right and there are basically two reasons first of all um the the whole experience so guided tour plus wine tasting is very cheap at columns so if you are traveling on a low budget uh this might be the right wine seller for you and second and most importantly Callum is the only portwine Lodge where you're going to be able to combine a wine tasting with the father [Music] show and this is for me an irresistible value proposition because f is one of the most important cultural experiences that you're going to be able to have in Portal so overall and despite its flaws I do recommend all coming to colums Wine Lodge hope you have enjoyed this video of the best port wine lodges in Porto uh on the description of this video I'm going to leave you uh the links for you to buy the tickets for all the wine lodges that are recommended and I highly highly recommended to book your experience because this is an experience that tends to get sold out especially during the high season uh last but not to least and before I go don't forget to subscribe my YouTube channel so that you the portal and the Dora Valley where the port line is produced see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarvsf [3 likes]: I had the privilege of taking a private tour with Portoalities and it was a wonderful experience. The tours are very interesting and the wine selection is excellent. 👌🏼
  2. @learnaboutportwine [3 likes]: Great video Sara. For me nothing beats that tasting room in Graham's.
  3. @baturalpyalcinkaya [2 likes]: I am going to visit Porto this week and book my wine tasting ticket thanks to your amazing video. 😊
  4. @jitapriya [1 likes]: Great video :)
  5. @gordonshand8598 [1 likes]: Thanks, we visited Quevedo today, what a brilliant experience, the best Port from an small independent producer , with an unexpected Fado show, an afternoon we’ll never forget, absolutely recommended if you’re in Porto 😎
  6. @benedictmoreno4729 [1 likes]: Hello. If I were to visit one lodge, where should I go? Which one is your must visit?
  7. @r0c1ndave [1 likes]: Going to Porto later this year!! I’m so glad I found your channel. Please keep up the great videos 👍🏼
  8. @fedes5266 [1 likes]: Always love your videos
  9. @cdm1949: How is Sandeman?
  10. @JohanLouw10: I’m surprised Caves Ferreira did not rate a mention…
  11. @evandasilva253: I really recommand a quinta do bom dia, we had a visit in french during 30-40 minutes, it was short but really effective in my opinion, we had 3 différent porto included but we tried 5 or 6 différent in reality Porto for 15 €. Its still one of the last traditional family. I really recommand
  12. @JasonDodson-s9z: We visited Bom Dia and they are a small independent producer who don't sell anywhere other than direct from them so you won't find them elsewhere.  Absolutely fantastic Port Wine, really great guide and tasting and only 10 Euros per person.
  13. @sansui_miau4450: Symington's family only...?
  14. @mariyaakulovich6422: Thanks! Very usefull video!❤❤❤
  15. @bobbritton7139: Are they all on top of the hill?

- Top 5 Most Expensive Fine Wine Collections Ever Sold at Auction as of 2023: Kind: captions Language: en hi thank you for watching our video on the top 5 most expensive fine wine collections ever sold at auction as of before we dive in the entire team at new Bond Street Pawn Brokers would like to thank you for watching this video we are an award-winning luxury pawn shop in Central London providing loans on luxury assets like watches jewelry diamonds classic cars Fine Art Antiques and more our experts are always on hand for free no obligation valuations at our shop in Mayfair Central London of course do share and like this video it really motivates us to do more similar videos without further Ado let's Dive In one a seventeen thousand bottles collection sold at the Transcendent wines auction this auction took place in March 2019 in Hong Kong and set a new world record for a private fine wine collection with a sale price of 29.8 million dollars the sale crushed previous estimates and sold for nearly four million dollars above its estimated pre-sale price making it the most expensive wine ever sold in the world as of 2023 The Collection was valued for its Rarity with bottles including first-class wines from burgundy and Bordeaux The Collection was sold by an anonymous owner who was simply referred to as a fifth generation developer of properties 2. a private wine collection of Bill coax before the 2019 auction the record for the most expensive wine collection to be sold at auction was held by a Sotheby's auction which took place in New York in 2016. The Collection was owned by the billionaire wine collector bill Koch who was well known for exposing counterfeits of fine wine the total sales for the auction outstripped the estimate of 15 million dollars and reached 21.9 million dollars three a collection from the seller of Robert draughin in 2018 Sotheby's of New York sold two bottles of domain De La Romana contis setting a new record at the time for the most expensive bottles of wine to ever be sold at an auction the bottles which were of a 1945 vintage sold for 558 thousand dollars and 496 thousand dollars which was five times more than the pre-sale estimate The Collection included a variety of rare and vintage bottles of burgundy's most popular wine with 100 of the bottles sold and achieving a total of 7.3 million dollars The Collector was a part of a family that runs an acclaimed burgundy Winery Maison Joseph draughin so it is no surprise that the collection was valued so highly four wines from The Cellar of Joseph Lau Joseph Lau a billionaire who lives in Hong Kong and is known for his love of Art and fine wine began selling part of his enormous fine wine collection in October 2020. Lau collected his huge wine cash over several decades focusing on only the most expensive wine brands Sotheby's performed the fine wine auction experts priced Laos collection which consisted of 117 Lots at around 3.3 million dollars but the final number ended at 6.8 million dollars the top sale comes from 12 Romany Conti domain de la Romany Conte 1990. the bottles amassed 509 thousand dollars on their own five a collection owned by Andrew Lloyd Webber although Weber made his fortune from his musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and cats he is no stranger to investing in other areas in 2011 his collection of 8837 bottles of French wines was sold in Hong Kong for 3.5 million pounds The Collection was split into smaller Lots with cases of six or eight bottles and a total estimate of 2.6 million pounds however the eagerly anticipated sale surpassed all estimates with Buyers competing for bids in person over the phone and online the most expensive wine bottle sold was a domain de la Romany Conti of the 1990 vintage which achieved a price of 17 460 although the most expensive wine lot within the collection sold for 48 500 The Collection included 12 bottles of Chateau Petrus produced in 1982 which is one of the most desirable Bordeaux wines so to wrap up these are only the top five most expensive fine wine collections ever sold at auction as of 2023. if you are looking for a more comprehensive understanding of the most expensive wine collections in bottles sold at auction including the impact of Ukraine war and covid minus 19 on the Fine Wine Market do have a look at our detailed article on the top 10 most sold at auction as of 2023 which includes more detailed descriptions videos prices commentary and much more see Link in the description of course if you are looking for more videos on all things luxury from the most famous diamonds to the most expensive watches ever sold don't forget to subscribe to our Channel and like or share our video do check out some of the most popular articles on our blog see links in the description finally if you consider pawning your luxury watch art jewelry classic cars or other similar assets do give our team a call to book a free no obligation valuation

- Pinot Noir, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz, Syrah - Red Wine Guide: Kind: captions Language: en in the world of red wine grapes there's a little more competition for the top slot so a little less agreement about which one is at the top of the food chain but there are definitely three red grapes Pinot Noir Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon that come from the burgundy and Bordeaux regions of France that are the absolute icons of classic style there is one grape that I would add to this major-league group though because of the importance that it's picked up just in the last 10 or 20 years and that's a grape called Syrah also from France but that we often know under its new identity in other parts of the world where they call it Shiraz so let's go to the beginning and look at the lightest one of these wines Pinot Noir is the grape variety that has been grown in Burgundy since the 12th century and this style is on the lighter end of the red wine spectrum even looking at it in the glass we can see it has a translucency to it that is because the grape has relatively thin skins and so it's delivery of color and flavor intensity to the wine is on the lighter end of the spectrum however the flavors that it does give are so seductive and desirable that Pinot Noir is that one of the most desired styles of wine on earth it is coveted and collectible it is a cool climate style that is a little brighter a little bit more in the red fruit aromatic spectrum things like cranberries and strawberries come to mind this is a lighter style of red that works well with some foods that you might normally think of pairing with a white wine seafoods and white meats for example when we come to the kissing cousins next that come from Bordeaux we have Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon two grapes that are planted in the same region and that are distantly related when they're grown in cold places like France and Italy they often have a little bit of aromatic resemblance to them as well but once we plant them in sunnier warmer places like Chile for example here or California we get a little more divergence in their aromatics and it gets easier to tell them apart on the nose Merlot tends to give us a little bit more of an herbal quality to it a little bit less of the earthiness that we find in Pinot Noir and seems to be a little bit darker in its fruit range a little bit more like blackberries and plums and a little bit less like strawberries and cranberries when we encounter it from a cool play we often get a woodsy character to it almost like cedar or even roasted bell peppers and it is very well-suited to food and its distant relation Cabernet Sauvignon is definitely among the most famous and well-known grape varieties in the world it makes some of the finest wines of Bordeaux and is known for the long term aging potential that it can have this is due to the fact that Cabernet Sauvignon was a grape has smaller berries and thicker skins than Merlot and when we ferment it in the tank that gives us a double dose of all of the sources of color and flavor that we get in the wine aromatically Cabernet Sauvignon has some resemblance to Merlot in its fruit definitely in the dark fruit blackberry and cherry range but it adds to that herbal quality flavors that remind me of darker foods like liquorice and chocolate and coffee very much an intense powerhouse of a wine that will deliver a big oof of flavor if I was going to add another grape certainly my choice would be a grape called Syrah that also comes from another region of France called the Rhone however we most often encounter it these days under another name where it's called Shiraz Shiraz is the name given to the Syrah grape when it's grown in places like Australia and South Africa in the southern hemisphere however it is genetically identical to the grape we call Syrah in places like California and France Syrah has similar thick skins and density of color to what we find from Cabernet Sauvignon but usually does not quite have as much tannic structure and as a result is more often made in the drink menow style with a little bit more emphasis on forward fruit this style has a kind of blackberry pie and black pepper quality to it that makes it very appealing and friendly and delivers a heck of a lot of flavor per square inch when you serve this as a sauce on the side

  Top Comments:
  1. @flipper-b4d [1 likes]: :)
  2. @FranciscoContin-e9k [1 likes]: 🍾🍾🍷👑🍷🍾🍾
  3. @LucianoMartinez-cc2ld [1 likes]: Great video 👍📸👍📸
  4. @kevinwalsh2513: How can you do a wine review without tasting . Worst wine review I’ve ever seen.
  5. @Olguiitas: PINOT NOIR ❤ Francis Ford Coppola's is SUPERB.
  6. @michaelkhodorkovsky193: She has no idea what she is talking about . No idea what so ever
  7. @bluebird-v4w: Saying Shiraz gives "eye-talian" vibes
  8. @Bardia-f3c: Thank you for the video but one point, in Iran we have an ancient city that is called Shiraaz. This city is the city of poems and wine. The oldest huge pottery jugs were find in this city go back to 5000 years ago and its grapes were so called Shiraaz. So this name goes back to IRAN not Australia. 😊
  9. @MyDimensionnn11: Please be my personal friend to taste test with
  10. @tylerdurden6208: CE Sirah, sirah, what ever will be will be...
  11. @reymondwolfe: the decepticons have infiltrated the deepest recesses of highbrow society, it seems. thanks for the tips on the sauvi-NyOwN, good sir.
  12. @ofctoastghost: pinot noir has been my fav for years
  13. @huongtrinh8609: thank you
  14. @grumpyoldman9259: Wow…you’re the mother of wines, right to the main points of differenc in simplif. It’s all comes down to how yo like to implement the wine to you food.
  15. @melissaanthony8952: Loved the video!! It was like you were telling me a story❤❤
  16. @NasteiopeJastippe: Updates on evolving stories attract repeat viewership
  17. @JoanWong-d8t: You make learning fun.
  18. @RoiceLauremerv: This was a refreshing watch.
  19. @Leo-wz4nh: It's very much about regionality. You can't go wrong with Shiraz from Barossa- Australia & with Pinot Noir from Central Otago  New Zealand
  20. @nicolevillarrealmelissa6955: Sheriff Hoyt sheriff ramsey sheriff Donald thompson sheriff Dewey 😍♥️💔🌹🚓💕❤️‍🩹😻💗💝🕵️🥀💜🥰💞💚❣️💌

- 5 Value Alternatives to the World’s Great Wines (Sommelier Secrets): Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody, this is Agnes from No Sediment and today let's look for value alternatives to some of the world's greatest wines. From the very beginning, I have always been looking for value in wine. I love well-known, highly praised labels, too, and I enjoy them a lot. But the truth is, I simply cannot afford them regularly. Labels like Don Perin, Stella de Compalto, or Top Burgundy are now reserved for rare celebration moments. So today, I wanted to share some of my thoughts on value alternatives to world's great wines. I will be excluding Barolo from this video though because for one of my favorite grape varieties, Nebio, I have actually prepared a separate video. And if you have some thoughts to add, please do. I would love to explore wine world together with [Music] you. Shataniv dup probably the best known appellation of the southern ran and certainly one of the most expensive. Most often shataniv dup is a blend of several grape varieties with emphasis on ganache. However, there are great examples where other grapes for example murv dominate the blend. No matter which variety is at the forefront, these wines tend to be fullbodied, lush and fruitdriven with a savory depth. And while I would absolutely say that Shatan Dup can age beautifully in the bottle, the reality is that most of these wines are enjoyed quite young. Why? simply because despite their powerful nature they are also very approachable in their youth driven by sweet ripe fruit and resolved tenon. So if you enjoy Shatanov Dup I encourage you to try wines just across the river those of lak. After all there must be a good reason why shatanu dup producers are investing in lak vineyards. Liak might not offer the same level of power and structure, although you definitely can find those examples there, too, but in general, these wines show more fruit and freshness in the glass with lively acidity and leaner, tighter body, and they usually come in at half the price, if not even less than your favorite shatin dup. Personally, I find reaching for Lak more and more these days. I guess not many wine enthusiasts need introduction into this style or wine- making region. Shabli for many, Shabli is one of the first fine wines they start their wine journey with. It's relatively affordable, usually unoaked, easy to understand, and easy to pronounce. For me too, it remains an unconditional classic, offering fresh acidity, bright although sometimes shy fruit while retaining depth and expression of terawa. And while I do believe that shabli is one of those classic burgundy appellations still offering relatively good value, the reality is finding a bottle under €20 is becoming increasingly difficult. So if you love Shabli and would not mind exploring world a little bit further, may I suggest you to try Muscadet in Lir Valley. Just like with Shabi, not every bottle labeled Muscade will be worth telling your friends about, but the overall quality has increased significantly. While prices have not quite caught up yet, these wines offer similar tension and freshness on the pallet and some of the top quality crew commun easily. In fact, some might even argue that their light body, restrained citrus and orchard fruit notes with added depth from Lee's aging make them an even better pairing for oysters than Shabli itself. When I started thinking about this video, Borderaux kept creeping into my mind as region producing some of the world's greatest and most expensive wines. But each time I quickly brushed the idea off because in my mind, Bordeaux as a single Albate vast wine making region can offer both ultra expensive collector wine as well as singledigit glugloo wines. So, in many ways, Berdo can actually be its own value alternative. Take a look at the recently confirmed 170 K bourgeoa estates. You will find plenty of wines from your favorite appilations below €20 mark. And importantly, these estates were not only evaluated for the consistency of quality, but also for their environmental responsibility. Now, I will not claim that these wines have the same aging potential and they for sure do not have the same impact on the secondary market. But if you love the classic Bordeaux style, structure, firm tenant backbone and evolving flavors that go from delicate fruit to earthy meaty complexity, then Bordeaux has so much to offer at incredibly reasonable prices. And it is not just the left bank. There are incredible value wines on the right bank too. Here I suggest looking beyond the well-known appellations of Santeon and Pomero which by the way can also offer plenty of value and explore their satellite appellations like Montine Centimeon and Land de Pomero. The potential of these teroirs is reflected in the fact that some of the most prestigious estates like Chateau Anjalus and Chateau Latur have invested in the vineyards here. Despite their amazing quality, their labels may not be the best value buys though, but there are plenty of other wines to choose from. The only downside is it is easy to lose focus. There are so many labels to choose from. But if you're willing to explore a bit, Bordeaux still holds some of the best hidden gems in the wine world. I have been puzzled by the Napa Cabernet Soven for the longest time. Not all of the price tags make sense to me. So, it felt only natural to look for value alternatives to Napa Cabernet. So, Napa usually offers that really glossy fruit with a lot of power and often quite a bit of wine making, but it kind of works. All that open, luscious, bursting fruit almost needs some of that oak to calm it or put it in a frame, if you will. Now, when thinking about alternatives, I had few options pop into my mind. Firstly, if we do not want to go too far geographically, Paso Robles offers an amazing quality for a fraction of the price. Just recently, I tasted through some of the Jour wines, and the value they offer is truly top. The price to quality ratio was almost hard to believe. But look also for South American classics like Chile's Mipo Valley for Cabernet Sovin or Argentina's Uko Valley for Malbec. These wines similarly offer rich and glossy fruit, concentration, and power, all at much friendlier price point. While some of the more affordable labels are made in a lighter, more fruit driven style meant for immediate consumption, there is no shortage of densely textured oakaged examples that offer similar aging potential to those of Napa cabs. And majority of these wines are impolitely affordable, especially when compared to Napa Cabernet Sovven. Now, Ria del Duero is one of the classic wine- making regions in Spain known for producing dense, fullbodied and highly structured red wines. I have come across many articles and blog posts suggesting that its great alternative and true it sometimes offers better value is Rioa. But while both regions rely heavily on tempano grape variety, I think stylistically they are quite far apart. It also shows just how diverse this grape variety can be and how much impact tua and wine- making style have. For me personally, if I were looking for alternatives within Spain, I would rather be looking towards Toro or Humilia wine-making regions. Toro is also tempano based and delivers a similar structure, density, and power as Ria delu, though perhaps without the same elegance often found in top examples of Ria's wines. Humila on the other hand is based on Monostel grape which also produces powerful rich and concentrated wines but with an added spicy layer to the ripe blue and black fruit profile. But for a true true value alternative, I would actually look just across the border to the Doro Valley in Portugal. It is the same river valley that continues west all the way to the Atlantic Ocean. And not all the grapes grown there are suited for port production. In fact, some of the vineyards will yield better quality steel red wines. And for those of you who particularly love tempano, look for the name tintorish, which is the local name for the grape here. Most wines will be blends though, offering rich ripe blue and red fruit, elevated yet ripe, silky tannins, and a floral depth with notes of lilac and bergamont. So here you go. So, these are my five value alternatives to some of the wine world's greatest wines. Let me know in the comments below what value alternatives you have found and share that with us. And if you're looking for value in Burgundy, I know, make sure to watch this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @scottdunlap8668 [3 likes]: Surprised you didn’t give Gigondas as the alternative to CNdP/
  2. @crrizello5157 [2 likes]: Great video.  Last year I was in Bordeaux and spent a few hours at a Blaye wine bar and found some great wines there.  Also, went to Walla Walla this year and enjoyed their Cabernet Sauvignon, definitely less expensive than Napa and just as good.
  3. @regchant4609 [2 likes]: I agree about Toro very good wine at great prices.
  4. @rnjbond [2 likes]: Château Lilian Ladouys is $25 and a legit Bordeaux from St. Estephe!
  5. @TheBaseCase [2 likes]: I LOVE CdP. I’m babying ‘01 and ‘03 Pegaus, St. Preferts, Boisrenards, ‘07 Charvins, ‘15 Beaucastels. Now all I need is something to celebrate! I also like Vacqueyras - the CdP’s stoned sibling.
  6. @ThomasLuggin [2 likes]: its very interesting to hear about less known high quality wines from Spain. I have tried wines from Toro which was nice.
  7. @regchant4609 [1 likes]: I agree about the Torro wines being great value. Unfortunately they can be hard to find
  8. @thepenguin2026 [1 likes]: Excellent suggestions thanks. Alentejo in Portugal has great value wines . I agree with you on Muscadet which can be greatly underrated- there's a beautiful wine called 1947 which is worth trying.
  9. @trygveulversy2719 [1 likes]: Have you tried the Cretan wine Nostos Alexandra`s. It is very unique.
  10. @philipthompson4284 [1 likes]: Great video, thank you.  I buy and sell wines in Tennessee and we sell hundreds of bottles you suggested by appellation.  Keep up the wonderful work. And Fabulous T-shirt.
  11. @michaelosborne9279 [1 likes]: For white: Greece (Santorini), Sicily, South Africa. For red: humbler Rhones, South Africa.
  12. @dave7mm083 [1 likes]: I think it's time for me to try something from Lirac 🍷 Thanks for the tip!
  13. @robertdmeyers [1 likes]: Agnese, why are these wines alternatives to the World’s greatest wine and not great on their own right?  Does their “value” eliminate them from consideration as the world’s greatest? In other words, is price a substitute for quality. - Robert I love your YouTube videos.
  14. @TM-ic1eb [1 likes]: Going to grab a Lirac, thx for the input. I am not a big fan of Paso wines. Too extreme with the temp swings for us. We usually go to the Santa ynez AVA where they are doing great stuff with Rhône varietals. Plus it’s close to home. Maiden rocks and so do you wine girl!
  15. @michaelfuhrman5313 [1 likes]: Slightly off topic but have I missed your video wearing a Led Zeppelin or Black Sabbath t-shirt? Or do you need to add them to your collection;)
  16. @jastew1971 [1 likes]: Hey Agnes. Love the tshirt! As an amateur wine enthusiast I'm always looking for value wines from around the world from the wine people that I follow. One person is Elizabeth Schneider. She has an site and YT channel called Wine For Normal People. In her recent podcast titled 12 Great Wines under $20 she talked about some regions I didn't know about; the Crianza region in Rioja, Spain, the Salta region in Argentina and Côtes de Bordeaux in France. The Bordeaux appellations include Blaye, Cadillac, Castion and Franc. She talked about Beaujolais Villages also. Maybe you can talk about some of these in a future video. I'm also looking for cheaper value Italian wines. Because it's Italy it's a little more difficult. You do a great job with your videos, and I enjoy listening to you. Thank you and cheers! 🍷-Jim
  17. @alistaircorbishley5881 [1 likes]: As soon as you mentioned CdP, I thought Lirac! Good to see I can think along the same lines as a professional 😊
If I am after value from Bordeaux I look to Cotes de Castillion for a cheap alternative to St Emillion.
  18. @jerzystruczak782: hi, good rib duero is expensive too,   unoaked chablis(mature fevre ier cru or droin) were obnoxiously tart    drink not fine whites  overchilled unless wasting money is your fetish   last nite i had prestigious claret 2015-mute for 1h opening in decanter 3h later   yet clarets bearing 14% alc. are a costly abberation. me loves your enthusiasm!    na zdrowie
  19. @SSGG-h7m: Just drank our last of 6 2005 Robins - excellent value indeed
  20. @stephengibson1813: I love Mencia atm as an alternative to Pinot Noir or Gamay.  The variety that comes out of the Mencia grape in Bierzo and Ribeira Sacra is amazing.

- My Favorite City To Drink Wine In: Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy asks what's your favorite city in the world to drink wine in Jimmy my favorite city in the world to drink wine is in is uh the city that has my friends and family in it at that moment that I'm sharing that wine with there is no like you know atmosphere that dictates my happiness of drinking wine there's no pretty French Riviera or the gorgeous mountains I don't give a crap about that stuff what I care is who am I drinking it with so I could be nework Big Ups to nework not thissing if it's with somebody I love and we're enjoying wine then that's what is the driving force and so then it would be Newark the hotel lobby in Austin and South by 2007 is one of my favorite times of all time of having wine the parking lot of a Jets game you know it you know inside the caves of wineries in Tuscany like it it's happened in a lot of places but it's never been the setting I don't care about that stuff it's been the people I'm sharing it with don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @vn8272: Opening up a new bottle of wine and make some new friends even potential new clients or business partners or even a decent conversation when love ones around a dinner table
  2. @remybigot: True, but french riviera is gorgeous ^^
  3. @dillonloren: Completely agreed, friends and family, the ones you love most, make the moments last forever and are the most memorable.

- Every Wine Explained in 10 minutes Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en Cabernet San in the 17th century Cabernet Fran and San Blanc grapes were an unlikely pair they produced a new wine in France it soon became very popular this wine had strong complex tastes of black currant and a touch of mint it pairs well with dishes like grilled steak or H cheddar but Cabernet Savon isn't just a one trick pony it's been the top grape for everyone throughout history from ancient Romans to modern-day celebrities so next time you supp a glass of cab remember you're not just drinking wine you're enjoying a delicious piece of History cheers to that Mero it's a grape type that had many ups and downs in the world of wine Mero and Cabernet San are often mixed but they have unique histories both came from the ber region in France Cabernet San came in the 17th century meanwhile Mero emerged in the late 18th century it became popular for softening cabs t canons over time Merlo gained popularity as a standalone wine it's shown in the right Bank of Berto these regions had clayr soils ideal for its growth meanwhile cabrin svan thrived in the Left Bank which had grally soils this Terre difference shaped their qualities Mero produced softer fruer Wines in contrast Cabernet svon had more structure it was also more intense in the late 20th century Merlin became very popular this was especially true in the United States it was seen as an easy to drink red Peno Noir people love this grape for its unique taste but it poses challenges to Growers and wine makers it needs specific conditions making great wines takes careful attention the best Pino Noir also comes for burgundy in France and today cool areas of California like the Russian River Valley they share a key trait a cool climate that helps grapes slowly ripen this leads to rich flavors and a good balance of fru and acidity to truly appreciate the nuances of Pino Noir it's crucial to pair with the right Foods the wine is delicate and subtly earthy it pairs well with dishes that have mushrooms truffles or gay Meats like Duck or venison Pino Noir also pairs well with salmon shiras also known as SAR is a grape variety that has captivated wine enthusiasts with its bold and spicy character shiras is from the Ron Valley in France it is found a second home in the sunny Vineyards of Australia where it is a Signature variety The Grape thrives in warm dry climates examples are the barasa valley and McLaren Val the long growing season lets the grapes develop Rich concentrated flavors when it comes to food pairings shiras is a versatile wine that can stand up to bold and savory flavors it's spicy notes and robust tannins make it an excellent companion to grilled or roasted Meats such as lamb beef or venison the Wine's dark fruit flavors go well with dishes with Rich tomato based sauces these include classic spaghetti bolog they also have slow cooked Ru but how does chiras compar to the equally bold and flavorful malbeck malbeck is another bold flavorful red wine it's similar to chiras but has its own distinct character malba comes from the C region of France it is found its true home in the High Altitude Vineyards of Argentina especially in the Mendoza region the grape thrives in warm sunny days and cool nights of the Andis foot hills it develops a unique flavor that sets it apart from its French counterpart both malbeck and shiras have dark fruit flavors and a full body but malbeck tends to have a softer more velvety texture with less harsh tannin fruit flavors dominate its taste they're Lush and ripe like Blackberry Plum and black cherry they're often accompanied by hints of cocoa vanilla and even a touch of tobacco this is thanks to the Wine's frequent agent and Oak barrels but what sets malbeck apart from other red wine varietals the answer lies in its unique Journey from the old world to the new it is a adapted to its new home in the high altitudes of Argentina Rosé rosé wine is pink and comes from many places Province France is a major producer to make it wine makers briefly soak red grape skins and Juice this creates Hues from light to vibrant pink its taste varies it often mixes red fruit flavors with sharp acidity common notes include strawberries cherries and citrus making it light and tasty the sunent is floral and fruity with hints of rose petals fruits and melon it is versatile and refreshing this makes it a great match for dishes it complement salads Seafood meats and spicy foods chardonay moving on to delicious white varietal let's explore the world of Chardonnay it's a white wine that has captured many hearts shardon started in Burgundy France it has a long history dating to the Middle Ages as the name suggests they named it after Chardon Village this Village is in the Macon region over time this grape has spread across the globe it found new homes in places like California and Australia when it comes to taste chardonay is known for its diverse flavor profile the wine ranges from crisp and mineral driven to Rich and buttery it showcases a wide range of characteristics in cooler climates Chardonnay has flavors of green apple citrus in a hint of minerality in warmer areas it tastes more like tropical fruits such as pineapple and mango also many Chardon are asan oak giving them vanilla butter and toasted bread flavors this process increases the Wine's depth and complexity soan Blanc soan Blanc is a popular white wine with a sharp taste and unique flavors it's loved by wine enthusiasts worldwide this grape grows best and cool climates like the lar Valley in France and New Zealand's Malboro region there it develops its crisp refreshing taste high acidity gives savan Blanc its Lively zesty feel svan Blanc smell varies by region and wine making methods cooler areas often offer grassy Pepper or nettle notes thanks to purin the notes shift to tropical fruit is grapes ripen this happens especially in warm regions like California or South Africa its acidity and complexity makes San Blanc a great pairing for dishes it suits Light Summer meals and herbs like basil or mint also it enhances Seafood notably oysters with its acidity reasing reasing is a great Variety steeped in history and romance it traces back to the pretty Ry region of Germany people have known this Noble grap for centuries they've grown it on the Steep Terrace slopes of the Rind Valley there it has developed a unique character that character reflects the Region's special terar the cool climate and mineral Rich soils of the rine make the grapes sweet and acidic this creates wines that range from bone dry to Sweet reasing pairs well with food it is beloved for many types of dishes the wines off dry to Sweet styles are a perfect match for spicy Asian Cuisines such as Thai or Indian Vino Verde the refreshing an effervescent Portuguese white wine this wine is unique its name green wine doesn't mean it's green it refers to its youthful vibrant character Veno ver is made in the Lush Green Hills in the Minho region in Northern Portugal the cool damp climate and fertile soils there are perfect for growing the local grape varieties used to make kit it's bright acidity and Fizz make it perfect for seafood this is especially true for shellfish and grilled fish it also pairs well with salads and light appetizers so the next time you're looking for a unique and refreshing white wine to enjoy in a warm day grab a bottle of Veno Verde you'll get to experience the youthful charm of this Portuguese specialty zen fendel zen fundel is a grape variety that has captured the hearts of wine enthusiasts it has bold and spicy character it is known for making wines that are robust and fruity it often includes notes of blackberry raspberry and black pepper Zen fendel has a rich history in California where it has been cultivated since the mid 19th century the grape's origins however can be traced back to Croatia when it comes to food pairings zandel is bold and spicy it's ideal for hearty and flavorful dishes the wine has robust cannons and high alcohol they pair beautifully with grilled Meats such as beef or lamb they also go well with spicy Cuisines like Mexican or Indian zendel is also perfect with Rich tomato based dishes these include pasta with meat sauce or pizza champagne champagne is effervescent it epitomizes luxury and celebration it owes its character to a unique fermentation process called the metod champenois this labra intensive method involves a second fermentation in the bottle it gives the wine its Bubbles and complex flavor yeast and sugar dance in the bottle they make a symphony of smells and tastes these range from hints of citrus and bage to Rich toasty undertones the history of champagne is as captivating as the wine its Origins date back to the 17th century in the region of France with the same name here the monk D peran is said to have found the secrets of sparkling wine he said come quickly I am tasing the Stars comment and let me know if I left any wines out toao

  Top Comments:
  1. @beefb0ss [1 likes]: AI SLOP
  2. @teenafancihyatt6756: 🙏🏼🌎🌏🌍🕊️ #dgdyz 🍷
  3. @FoodItemsExplain: Video so nice but...... 😊
  4. @ExplainedDishes: Love how you explained everything about wine.
  5. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  6. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  7. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champage!  Champagne any day!  🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  8. @PamSahi54: Love Wine, especially the floral, fruity ones!   White over Red, but then they say Red is healthier.  Still, I prefer Sweet White Wine!  And Champagne, who doesn’t love fizzy, bubbly Champagne!  
🪯🕉️🚩❤️🇨🇦🍁🌈✨💫
  9. @annataranto1414: What about Beaujolais?
  10. @mikemike3675: Modern day celebrities turned me off who gives a **
  11. @brettbourgeois5379: "Cabernet Sauvignon comes from Sauvignon Blanc and Cabernet Franc in the 1700 century." a few seconds later "and was enjoyed by the ancient Romans." AI trash
  12. @BehindTheBoottle: love this
  13. @aimeelouvier-sutton: All wine tastes like rotten fruit🤢🤢
  14. @KaitlynLifeDiaries: love the video
  15. @Pnm23: What is a Vinho Verde? Nothing but a Region, not a type of wine!
  16. @MerlinMoorlo: Everything you should know that every wine started in.... Burgundy, France. There are no such a thing as "american" wine in the universe. Its a sh*t. If you need real wine buy only French wine.
  17. @BornFree21: Aka the blood of the lamb
  18. @FloatyCatHazy: That is unsettleling and facinating at the same time, she maged to explain all wines but not a single one from Italy, like talking about box legends not metioning Tyson
  19. @strawberrycakez-b9z: You should stop using AI for your voiceovers girl
  20. @calicopiratecat: It's remarkable to choose the worst grapes for making wine video.

- An Inside Tour Of Herzog Wine Cellars: Kind: captions Language: en you the [Music] world today I'm fortunate enough to be in Oxnard California that is right the hug Winery we are here some of you might remember this from a music video shop by a entitled hola hoola this is the exact location we're going to give you guys a little bit of Education because every Friday you make kesan wine anytime there's a Sim you drinking wine do you ever wonder how the process is made or how you get from a little grape into a bottle of wine in just a little while we're going to show you a little bit about the process we'll educate you we'll be able to explain why some wines are more expensive than others and show the process with me today from herg Winery is the one and only mty her how are you mty good how are you how long would you say the actual processes just TimeWise from from the grap being planted till an actual bottle of wine hitting the gra planted that we have arar only after that process after arar usually even a year later that we'll use the wine to make a quality wine up right uh then the process is when you once you bring the grapes in you have the wine making process which is at the minimum of a year to the higher end wine which will be approximately 3 years until you see them out on the Shelf so for instance 2012 is what you see on the shelves now we're in 2016 so that's the process the Aging process the wine making process fermentation process and then sitting in the barrels for a while and then into the bath so basically what m is saying is if you want to get into making wine you're not going to see anything for 3 years anybody can make a decent wine in a good year of grapes it takes a real wine maker a specialist to make out of a so so year a decent bottle of wine that's really where where the where the work that work why don't you show us where the whole process starts Mar let's start so this is called the D stammer what happens is you you put the grapes through the D stemmer and the grapes follow through what happens is there's there's a fan and a motor going inside which pushes the lightweight stuff which is going to be your leaves and your stems out and the only thing which will fall through is things F fitting through this size which is the grapes the berries of the grapes so this has been fermented this has been fermented it's starting to age so this now is being aged in the tank and soon this will we put into the barrels we just emptied out barrels we're going to put some of them in new barrels some of them in older barrels but we're putting them back and is this drinkable for the average person or just for a try you tell me smell it you get beautiful cherry fruit you get a lot of leather um now when I did this when I was in Brooklyn when I was in New Jersey over there J booksman was telling me that this is too air rated correct correct which uh gives which gives so after bottle it's much more important sitting in the bottle for a for a year closed in it's much more important to do it over here we've been working with it it's not as important but this is fresh taste it smell it and you'll see this is still the raw wine this is as it's going to age you're going to get much more concentration more viscosity more influence of flavors in the tank and especially once it goes into the bars now first of all what is rhw KP and what is this little sticker kosher about well interestingly enough when we produce the barrels they form the sides first and then they have to put in we call this the head so these are the staves this is the head so you do build the staves and then you have to put in the head now before once you put wine in what expands but when you put the wine in right away before it expands they're afraid when you put in the head that it's going to leak around the edges right so they put a glue between the staves and the head interestingly enough that glue is made out of flour and water it so we have to do a special run that's called inop plastic Co that they do special for as kosha barrels so all over our HW KP stands for rill wine bger Kos for Passover the M the wine here in California and this is produced in Italy so also has RAB Kazan from Italy giving a he the same thing goes for France the same thing goes for Missouri we send M all over when they produce the barrels for us we have to send them M so as it turns 24 bottles actually more 30 six bottles at a time it fills it up it comes out it gets splashed with nitrogen again that's something you didn't see in New York no because the nitrogen is heavier than oxygen we learned is we don't want air in the wine cuz the wine won't age so we have nitrogen that's when you take out of cork and makes that sound CU oxygen is being introduced into your bottle of water then it gets the cork this is the labeler so the the bottles continue going in gets the front label turns the bottle around puts on the back label and then here's the bottle actually our Brand Packaging new Baron her sock new war new label 2014 vintage we're in the whites 2015 this is the new look for the bar her and this this has been age at least 2 years if not this one is 2014 so here you see this is 2014 2014 is when the grapes were picked harvested so this was this grapes were harvested the year 2014 and it's being released we're battling now we're releasing it in January of 2016 we designed and built the winery as two wineries in one building meaning we have a boutique Winery and we have the big commercial Winery so we have the big value the volume and volue one which is the banner inside bigger and then we have the reserve and all small lot which we make lots 300 500 6 700 case Lots small lot which is really Boutique hand on the crew just busy with small Lots wine making so we have two wineries in one how many square feet is just the warehouse part of the factory they had the facility 77,000 ft wow not only can you come down to Herzig Winery in Oxnard California people can actually see the process there is aour the process there's a self-guided tour there's a tour there's a tasting room so you can actually see yourself the difference and there is a fabulous restaurant called harisur which we just experienced ourselves and I will tell you if five F star dining had to be paired with five star wine this would be the place to do it beautiful mty thank you very much thank you I guess I can tell you c p off now right yes

  Top Comments:
  1. @motog4-75 [1 likes]: I don't need leather in my wine.
& You need to make it just as good for cheaper. Its absolutely ridiculous retail prices.
  2. @guillermoagutierrez: This is fuckin lit

- Our Best Designers Built This Contemporary Phoenix Home Wine Cellars!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we have an amazing saddle that we built here and it's phenomenal it's about 1400 bottles and let's go ahead and take a look at what this is here so as we walk in we have a frameless glass so it's a half inch tempered glass frameless application it's in a huge Channel as you can see to be able to have a really perfect seal to the door we also don't use anything that has to do with shower doors you don't want to have those type of hinges you want to have a self-closing hinge to be able to close the door with a perfect seal and as you can notice there is no air gaps at all in this wine room so one biggest comparison a lot of people try to build wine rooms with shower door glass there's a lot of different air gaps and openings and things that just doesn't that don't work with that type of application and a shower door application we have the plastic sill and automatic door bottom or automatic hinges pivot hinges to make sure the door is going to shut every time and create the seal that you need to minimize those air gaps let's kind of go in and take a look at what is there so as you can see in this room is our Alder Wood with a wheat and stain and lacquer this has holds over 1400 bottles in addition to that we did add the Vintage View racks up on the top and then what we did is we took a backer board and rerouted out the back of the backer board and added LED lights to light the back of all the different backer boards this is Vintage View double the black satin wine racks in addition to that we have a quarter round wine rack with all the lighting Puck lights on every display we also did a high reveal with also a light balance to light up everything around the sides and then horizontal triple deep horizontal displays and again there's a shelf in there to make sure that you know this can't roll off as you see in the middle here we built a tasting table or a a table here with 750 cork Ford wine racks and then over here as well we have a little cubicles to put some you know some brandies or some Tequilas or decantings whatever you like to do again then we added some to 750s and then a high reveal here with just with some lighting and then some Diamond bins as well with a beautiful tasting table a solid wood tasting table with Puck Light and we mimicked the same or did the exact same thing on both sides to give that look of the room that we have in here we also put in a ducted split system from U.S solar systems USL citizen has a fantastic unit especially their ducted unit we put the ducted unit up into the attic and we put the condensing unit outside next to the Garden what's great about the ducted split system from U.S Solar Systems is that they have different sizes either vertical or horizontal they had such a small space up in the attic we actually had to come in through the laundry up through the attic to be able to fit the unit in there to make sure that we could actually service that unit on a yearly basis so as you can hear at the very low sound of the cooling in it but it's fantastic we didn't do much with the flooring the flooring was already in here we just made sure that we kept it very clean and nice and no scuffs and no problems when when we're during construction what we want to do is we wanted to be able to revenue walk into the room is have a focal point of some of the Magnums that are on display here and going back to the cooling unit we've had the door open for a while but as you can see it's a perfect 69 humidity 58 degrees he does keep it down at around 55 we just have to have the door open for a while other things we've done here in this room so this room was a theater room then it turned into just a storage room the customer was so thrilled with the wine room he is ecstatic with what's going on in the wine room he said there's four other companies that bid this project he chose us because of our design the design was totally different than anybody else's on the marketplace through the lighting panels we have through the designs we have through the little touching things with that we do we are one company that does everything but we're also a company that has been designing these wine rooms for 19 years and and we are happy to show you the final outcome thank you

- This is How We Reinvented Modern Wine Cellars in 2025!: Kind: captions Language: en-US (upbeat music) Hello, this is Steve from Custom Wine Cellars. Today we're here in Newport Beach, California, where we build a ton of wine cellars. Today we build two cellars and one cheese room. So let me come and check out what we're doing. All of these, we use the gold cable systems and an onyx with some lights, as well as building that header and the footer, doing all the construction needed to build a wine room. Let me kind of show you. As we turn the corner, there's a cheese room here that we built as well. Both with humidity and temperature controls for the cheese room needs to stay around 45 degrees, a little colder. We built it specifically for that. And then we then turn around from here and we have another wine room built again with those cable systems. We had to be able to demo down everything down to the studs, build it back up, ran line sets up to the roof. We put a LPQ 4600 from US Cellar Systems and use the gold double deep pegs with, like I said, exactly an onyx with some lights as well and frameless glass. Now you use frameless glass down here because you get very, very little weather. You don't get any sun. It's very cool. There's no sunlight exposed to it. So you can have that in here. What we had to do is be able to build a very strong header and footer to be able to host these cable systems. It takes a lot of weight. You have to reinforce both the header and the footer be inside of there. This holds close to about 500 bottles of wine, all 750s. And then we used frameless glass. So half inch tempered frameless glass. And we U-channeled it into the stone itself to be able to give you the seal that you need down in this space. If you're looking to build a wine room with frameless glass with the cable systems, complete construction, please reach out to customwinecellar.com (or customwinecellarlosangeles.com) We'd love to work with you. Thank you.

- Inside luxury wine cellars: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] people who collect wine are pretty passionate about it and they affectionately call themselves wine Geeks they love their collections they love showing it off or for some people they love keeping it something to themselves but a collection of bottles can really vary from a th000 to four or 5,000 bottle range collections can run anywhere from1 to $20,000 worth of wine to a couple million and so for some clients it's place to park their money it's an alternative investment strategy it's one of the few places that for every bottle that opens your bottle becomes more valuable others are really really Bonafide wine drinkers and they want to just consume it and that's it I started collecting wine probably 30 years ago built up a reasonable collection probably a couple thousand bottles over that time it's a 7 figure collection the purpose is first and foremost to have a a safe temperature control space for the wine but obviously this is a place where you can look at the wine so I look at it every day when I sit at my desk I enjoy that we'll do different kind of wine tastings and as cool as it is in here with the uh 54° temperature uh it never seems to be too cool to sit around and have a nice glass of wine I've been collecting since the early '90s we have our own wine that we produce but I also collect wines from all over the world the collection is a little over 1 12200 bottles as a buyer and as a seller people like to know that the wines were stored in optimal conditions it's never a good thing to spend a lot of money in a bottle of wine to find out later that it wasn't kept optimally and it's gone bad heat spikes and things like that are not good for the wine so at least I know that my wines are stored at what I consider a perfect environment so they're going to drink the way they're supposed to be when it's time people want to do something different that nobody's seen before we're trying to get away from just the old cookie cutter wood espresso finished more traditional styling we're doing some different stuff with the glass and the high polish stainless steel stone that's a real nice thing that people really want to incorporate acrylic um is becoming a hot thing now the typical wine room for the high Net Worth Residential home is probably around 50 to 70,000 every space is completely different it all depends on how customer you want to get it was investment that I was determined to do regardless cuz it's a big passion of mine a big hobby but I think it is interesting how in today's market more and more people are looking for a wine seller in a luxury home it's almost become a requirement

  Top Comments:
  1. @Whoopdido777 [7 likes]: So, some of these people have wine cellars that cost $70,000 to build and collections worth up to a million dollars, yet store some of their bottles vertically?  I’m confused.
  2. @makailacolleen4282 [3 likes]: "in 2019, this list helped me decide for the best wine cellar scafe.shop/tbwc2019?01 hope it helps you out too!"
  3. @puppude: how about enjoy your life. miserable millionaires haha.
  4. @SmartExpertDesigns: Create a Walkthrough animation that impress even deeper to your customers.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iwpDPOuQow&t=84s and visit https://www.instagram.com/p/BrDU2pOHs4M/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet
  5. @bibousisi5437: There are several factors in doing a pro job. One resource I found which succeeds in merging these is the Pavas grape plan (google it if you're interested) definately the most helpful course i've seen. Check out this  unbelievable website.

- How to start a wine cellar with Rudy von Strasser: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends rudy von strasser here in my wine cellar and i'd like to take a moment to talk to you about aging wines and what a better place to do it first of all it's important to know that as soon as a wine is put into the bottle aging starts and that aging is a series of chemical reactions now in a cold cellar and the reason people keep sellers cool is because those reactions happen slower and in a more controlled situation in a warm environment like on your kitchen counter where it's 85 degrees in texas those changes are going to go a lot faster so if you'd like to age wine if you plan on aging wine it's important to have temperature control also you need to know that bottle size matters if you look at this six liter bottle it's going to age much slower than a magnum or a 750 or even a little 375. so if you have 375s at home drink them sooner than you would drink a bigger bottle i want to talk about what happens in aging and i've drawn a little graph that i want to show you and this graph on the x-axis has time and on the y-axis has concentration and the red line i drew is what i call fruit characteristics and in a white wine fruit characteristics maybe um like in a riesling or an esophageal blanc be melons and peaches and apricots aromas like that in a red wine it may be strawberries brambles those aromas start out very high when a wine is very young over time those aromas start to go away and as the wine gets 15 20 years old there won't be any fruit aromas left or very very subtle fruit aromas the blue line i drew i marked as aged characteristics those start out at zero when a wine is young and over time they'll start to increase and the important thing with this graph is that at any time you drink this wine it's going to have very different characteristics as a young wine it's going to be mainly fruit and very little age characteristics at four or five six years old it'll have some fruit and it'll have some age characteristics um you know in the 10-year period it might have a little bit of both but the fruit is starting to go away and at 15 20 30 years there's not going to be much fruit left and a lot of age and the reason that's important is because the biggest variable in aging is what do you like is the consumer's preferences people who have sellers and drink old wines all the time are used to the characteristics that you get with age and those characteristics in a white wine might be things like butterscotch almonds old apple core in a red wine they may be more like coffee olives tobacco cassis things like that and someone who likes old wines and likes age characteristics is going to like that and not like young wines they're not going to really be very interested in the fruit someone who's used to drinking fruity young wines their whole life if you give them this bottle of chateau of the feed rothschild um 30 35 years old this may get a 98 from robert parker it may be worth a thousand dollars but if you give someone who drinks young red wines their whole life they're not going to like it so the biggest variable of all is what do you like is the consumer preference and that's important to know now what i would suggest if you want to figure out what you like is there's two ways one is to try to find a vertical of wine a vertical would be the same winery the same wine maybe the same vineyard designation three or four or five years in a row or three or four or five different years so if you're able to buy the same wine but in different vintages buy four or five different vintages have your friends over maybe put them in a bag put them in labeled glasses and do a tasting and compare them and see which ones you like see if you like old see how they've changed over time the other way is to buy a case of wine and every year open a bottle and see how those are changing and whether you like them and when you like them when my wife rita and i were married we got a case of bordeaux as a wedding present and we opened a bottle every year on our anniversary and it allowed us to reflect on the development of the wine as well as the development of our marriage anyway i hope this helps a little bit with the mysteries of wine aging and wine is a lot of fun and and have fun experimenting

  Top Comments:
  1. @cgimovieman [5 likes]: Step 1:  Have money.

Step 2:  Have more money.
  2. @lavenderblue5730 [2 likes]: I really enjoyed this video. Thank you
  3. @losfont5674 [2 likes]: Great video and great advice..  That graph was excellent insight.  Thank you!
  4. @HouseOfFeck [2 likes]: Enjoyable! Well designed cellar, thankyou for share ❤
  5. @nicolamullings7993 [2 likes]: A few good  points there sir, thank you.
  6. @andrewmuir3302 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips. Happy New year!
  7. @Cresendiz [1 likes]: Great video ty
  8. @CaptJMK [1 likes]: Just had your Diamond vineyard Cab for Thanksgiving, wow!
  9. @Smiding: Thanks for the video! I started building my cellar 5 years ago and I struggle to age my wines sufficiently so I took up on someones tip to buy cellar defenders! For me it's really fun looking for the hidden gems in the wine industry that tastes super well made and are age worthy but not at the price of a known bottle. For me around  $30-50 is the sweet spot for a "cellar defender"
  10. @Mark-qg8hm: First you get a cellar. Then you put wine in it. And that's a bingo!
  11. @JamieW-o7b: My secret to a good wine cellar, is to buy more than you drink!
  12. @rzkptgrgfz: I made some tests and my conclusion is that the wine stops aging when you drink it. I drew some charts with crayons 🖍️ and wore an ugly shirt, but the result remained in the same.
  13. @keithrichards-io5db: Thankyou. -the graph made sense
  14. @CastellodiAmorosa: We love it, Rudy!!!
  15. @JuanDavidHenaoLemos: Be careful because I bought a promotion of 6 bottles for $43 dollars, but after a month I was surprised to find that they were charging me a monthly fee of $40 dollars, something I never approved of.
  16. @atvguy4559: https://youtu.be/dUmWMSSzbuw?si=KAJUwNiMzUc-ffXK
Meanwhile the wine collapsed
  17. @Jommybutler1234: No ones counter is 85 degrees in Texas.  We have air conditioning too

- WINE CELLAR TOUR: Kind: captions Language: en hey I'm be I'm BS and Welcome to our wine seller wait our wine seller welcome to his wine seller let's go inside and take a look come on in this episode of our poor decisions we decided to do something entirely different in the past 2 weeks we've released four videos on high-end wines like DRC lefit and Screaming Eagle we've even done a feature on the mon ret Vineyard and after about 25,000 views we've received tons of great comments and feedback and the most common question who are you guys and where did you come from so today we'll take a peek behind the curtain we'll do a tour of the seller and we'll explain how the channel came about we'll also give you a sneak peek of future episodes and if you or anyone you know has a wine seller and would want to be featured on our Channel let us know we would love to hear from you you know one of the comments we received was that it was Amateur hour yeah I think that's pretty Aur you know that wasn't really a compliment right no it's okay cuz we really are amateurs what people get so uptight about fine wine hey just because you collect really great wine doesn't mean that you need to know everything it's a journey well at least I know you're a social media amateur hey guilty is charge well should we go ahead and get started with this seller yeah absolutely let's go it's kind of unusual to have a glass enclosed wine seller in the middle of your house yeah I agree but I got to tell you be I love love the way the wine bottles look and I just don't want to hide them I want to see them every day well you know what mom thinks of it I know well I often feel like I'm living in the middle of a steakhouse and do you agree well I kind of like steak houses I think John might agree with you on that woo it's pretty chilly in here I had to put my vest on it's a it's a constant 55° so what happens if the cooling unit goes out oh no there are two units and one will Ser us back up to the other at all times so each half ton cooling unit Works to keep the room cool while the other one is getting fixed exactly W you know what I bet there aren't many viewers who knew that you were mechanical engineering by training probably not the only mechanical engineer from NC State who also has a makeup Artistry Tik Tok account and who has a wine YouTube channel with her dad so what happens if the power goes out oh no we have a generator for that so even if there's a zombie apocalypse our wi is going to be safe it's really important to have your priorities straight before we start digging in how in the world do you keep track of all these bottles in your seller yeah so be I I use seller tracker um seller tracker is both an inventory management tool as well as a online community for wine reviews and so when I buy something you know whether it's at auction or from a distributor I put that into cell tracker and then when I get the shipment I then receive it into cell tracker and then I designate a bin for them yeah and that's how I keep track of it you can usually tell when my dad has a wine shipment coming because he gets so excited literally like a kid on Christmas morning and you use seller tracker for research and reviews right yeah I think it's really a great tool um I think the uh online community keeps honest reviews and I think they just keep it real but how do you know if someone's going to manipulate a review or not well I I suppose that's possible and I think there probably are instances where that happens but after you get like 10 or 20 reviews there's usually a consensus on the line and when there's not that indicates that there's a lot of bottle variation um and that's useful too if there's a lot of bottles that are oxidized or flawed in some other way um that's just not something that you would pick up from wine spectator and wine Advocate and lastly I think it's really useful to see how wines evolve over time um you know there are wines here that are 10 20 30 years old and I want to know when the right time is to open them and and I feel like there's no other better way than to ask people who have the same Wines in their Sellers and have tried them do you want to kind of go over the way out of your wine seller yeah so on this side of the wine Celler Which is closest to the kitchen which is where I'm always coming in I want to put the wines that I can pick up at any moment and just open and put them close to the kitchen and all of these wines are ready to be consumed now um whether it's Italian Spanish French American champagne it doesn't really matter um they should all be ready to go okay so I can just grab any one I want and drink from this so no I feel like we kind of need to talk about the big bottles he likes big bottles and he can't lie I I do love the big bottles I think they're really festive uh they're are a lot of fun to open at parties you know special occasions they also look good in the Celler maybe there's one for my wedding someday there is a wedding uh bottle for be and she was born in a really good year for P out to deal with all these wooden cases because I feel like it takes up a lot of walking room this is one of my favorite things um I love the wood cases that Bordeaux wines come in um and they also serve a purpose right so I can stack all of this wine up against the window I have no concern about ultraviolet light this is they're going to be in darkness they're going to be complet complely still and all of these wines need tons of time um and I just love the way they look yeah they look like wooden boxes to me all right let's talk about this side yeah this is kind of a transition wall um there are ones here that are clearly ready to go um but there's also a bunch of ones here that need more time so I I I use this as like a cats all for everything kind like these drawers how you can like pull them out I think it's kind of a cool thing oh they are so nice and wait you got to see this okay check this out be now you're going to appreciate how wonderful these are check that out they're pretty cool we need a we need a shot of this so I see some cists over here let's talk about it let's talk about it they cus is probably one of those wines that wine critics and Som hate the most or at least pretend to hate um I happen to have a brother who loves K special selection and he lives in Norway so he doesn't really get it there and then when I travel to Norway I bring it to him um K has probably changed a little bit over the years but it's one of those like liquid candy sugary sweet wines that's just you'll see it in every restaurant menu and quite frankly kind of tastes good I like it when you're in the mood for it oh Marius there is no doubt with the screw top that's a for sure sign that this is going to be a good bottle and then so if this is more of a transitional uh wall this is really where some of the really high-end wines are some of the Collectibles that I don't want to get into or the wines that need a lot more time um yeah if you see me come here and start picking out wines that usually means I'm in trouble cuz I shouldn't be getting into these wies on a daily basis okay well this is my favorite section right here where you have the champagne the Dom perum that's my favorite hey can't blame her another segment that I'm really excited about is you know how we did barin and cream angle yeah um but one of the ones that I haven't had that I'm super excited about the skro and I also love 100 Acre I think 100 Acre wines are just really yummy I got to say these little tiny bottles are so cute can you what's the story behind them yeah so you know how we have the big bottles in the Celler these are like the half bottles I just love them too they basically are two solid glasses of wine ooh 2005 oh I think we talked about that earlier yeah we did um and let's see Lille lascas 2003 uh chatur lur 2005 um I also have the 2009 lur which is still a little young but yeah I like the little bottles are just super convenient and um just fun to open so what would be a situation where you would open a little bottle versus a big bottle when I'm all alone hey I don't think you should be drinking when you're alone oh with a really good steak you know I love self care it's self-care it's self-care are the little bottles more rare than the bigger one bigger ones yeah they're they're harder to um come across BR but they're not as valuable when they become older cuz they don't age as well I I need some energy here what's the oldest vintage wine in your collection you know I just got some old Madera and I am so excited to try it I have Madera from 1894 we're going to try a Madera it's literally more than 100 years old and you can still drink that well yes I think so so I've been dying to ask you this question if the house was burning down and you can only grab one bottle of wine before running out of the house what bottle would it be oh that's a tough question yeah you know that 1994 Harlin is a special bottle to me there's one bottle that I would probably grab um yeah I would probably take this and run with it so this is a 1982 Magnum of chor lur um I've never had it but I'm hoping it's going to be really really special so I would probably grab this and run as fast as I could and is that before or after you realize that I'm safe I think might be before we're planning on doing a couple episodes on bourbon and whiskey as well right oh I am so excited about that I know you have a secret stash somewhere maybe I'm not even going to pretend like I don't know where it is so I know you keep your good stuff back here she knows everything so I know that we had the vanwinkle 12 got the Cy you have the 15 too oh yeah and you have the 20 do you have any more or is that it so there is the 23 I don't have it not yet right not yet at least opal single CK what's the story on that this is such a cool thing so they take um and when I say they the Mallen they uh take very special cks and bottle that particular Cask so all of those bottles are unique um they call them exceptional casks um I suppose that they are exceptional hey B you know how uh people ask us how do we make these videos well I think it's finally time that we introduce the man behind the camera the man that makes everything possible for watching our videos so Jeff is actually the the person who puts everything together knows how to film knows how to put it set it up and without him there's no show right nope and the other thing that the viewers probably need to know is that after we're done recording all of our film we always enjoy the wines together as a group Jeff is every bit of the wine lover that we are yeah all right I think it's time for us to open a bottle of wine so let's just do what's your goto wine so our goto wine the wine that Mom and I open like more often than not is Alura Cabernet so Frank timura is one of the Pioneers in Napa Valley in fact I think he grew up there which not a lot of Napa wine makers actually grew up there I think he grew up there he's made um cab for at least 30 years or maybe more we'll have a link toor's website after in the description of course we don't have anything to do with them I actually would like to visit the wiy but I've always bought a ton of Timur caps and I think it's a perfect time to share all right guys what are my favorite caps [Music] cheers guys Cheers Cheers so fun Che thanks for joining us on the salour let's go

  Top Comments:
  1. @TvonSch [1 likes]: Jeff is doing good work 🎉
  2. @wimbrinkman6995: First check if she and your wive are Ok so they can grab some bottles aswel
  3. @peterjensen1455: Very well done…
  4. @TvonSch: Wow, this is a dream setup ❤
  5. @TvonSch: 6:33 hey I also have a Box Chateau Giscours in my Cellar ❤
  6. @tomcrane9448: You've got a lovely wine cellar and seem lovely people - all the best to you
  7. @geoffoutdoors: NEW Subscriber here...getting acclimated to your channel.  Enjoying very much guys!  i've been a wine drinker for a long time, but always learning...always tasting.  I am sipping on a Rossese di Dolceaqua right this moment :)   CHEERS
  8. @ChicagoBears1985: Wow...beautiful.....love that look....great content and enjoy your wine cellar....
  9. @jledbet682: You aren't replying to comments, and I understand there are very many... But I'm dying to know who built your cellar. I work for a company and it really looks like one of ours.
  10. @郭杨-m6j: Really like your video, thanks for sharing! Cheers 🍷
  11. @MrPierrePhilippe: Chateau Latour 1982, hey ? I think I'll keep buying lottery tickets and drink Pepsi ... I remember, in 1982, being at a wine store in Montreal, looking at shelves full of DRCs (all 9 GC), all between $90 and $250 (Can) a bottle. La Tache, Richebourg, Romanée-Conti and st-Vivant, etc ...  But I did not know then ; I did buy a Corton GC, cuvée Dr Peste from Hospices de Beaune though (fantastic wine), that I still remember as a marking moment in my life.
  12. @aggressorkfd: Greeting from Poland. Awesome episode. Great name of the channel. Im staying! Good luck!
  13. @stpd1957: I’ve just discovered your videos. I love your cella’s and admire your passion. Well done.
  14. @posth173: Dear Our Pour Decisions, love your videos and your cellar. As I, one day, would like to build my own, can I ask you; as many of the bottles displayed seem to be resting at a slight angle, under what angle are they positioned (as I'm afraid to experience a dry cork)? Thank you very much for your answer. Kind regards, Daan
  15. @bjornlausegger3944: I love your videos. Would you be so kind and share the aprx. costs to build and maintenance of such a wine cellar? I guess the community would appreciate some insights.

Greetings from Austria and keep pouring 😊
  16. @davidsallman1322: Would love to hear when you go out to eat, do you bring you own wine and how do you choose. Appreciate the content!
  17. @PlancksConstant6626: How did you select your choice of lighting to limit "light strike"? Can you let us know who you worked with to build the cellar?
  18. @tieniestoffberg8597: The only similarity between your cellar and mine is the figure 18. That's my total collection.
I really enjoyed your video and please accept my respect for what you have there.
  19. @HolmScott: Come out to LA and do our wine cellar in Malibu
  20. @HolmScott: Had a 37 Latour 5 months ago outstanding

- Inside a $21 Million Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en you don't have to be a professional to enjoy wine the only thing you need to have is i like it or i like it not underneath the luxurious cobourg palace in vienna are six wine cellars filled with some of the rarest bottles of wine you've ever seen [Music] totally there are six different wine caves there are all together a little more than 50 000 bottles all together and i think the perfect collection is not existing of course we got the title actually but it's very good for advertising but the list is changing all the time i'm i think we are also in the top 10 worldwide to compare these top 10 is not possible all are equal fantastic for themselves what makes a wine expensive why do people spend ten thousand dollars on a bottle 100 000 on a bottle the one point is the quality but there are more points how old is the wine how many are existed how special is really this this vintage and the reputation also of the wine so it's not very not often just the quality it's always a mixture of all custom tours and tastings led by professional sommeliers take visitors to the six cellars each with its own theme france new world old world ikem champagne and rare wines wine tastings are quite affordable and you don't have to be passionate about wine to enjoy one of these there are also deluxe packages for wine connoisseurs where you get to enjoy some of the upper end bottles the entire place is the equivalent of a bank vault for wines but to be honest you feel more like you're in an art gallery than anything else and of course each cave is controlled concerning temperature and humidity and as well what is very important is from where you're buying you're buying directly sorry for from the vineyard perfect directly from really good traders also okay but always be careful the most expensive bottle we sold was actually now about two years ago a bottle for 170 000 euros bottle of six litres awesome wine the oldest wine in the collection is from 1727 that's older than mozart himself here is chateau chem ekem is a very famous sweetwine vineyard we have all vintages produced since 1893 here in this cave on the left ladder the highest is 1893 one below 1895-1896 the market value of the collection is about 18 million euros just to give you guys a glimpse into the prices they've received an offer of 20 000 euros for this bottle of dom perignon and refused to sell you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alux [66 likes]: Hey Aluxers, while shooting our 900,000 Special we went inside this 21 million dollar wine collection! Enjoy!
PS: The full video is coming soon!
  2. @montvilleo [1 likes]: Oh yeah? Well I once had 48 - 12 oz bottles of "Southern Tier Pumpking" beer in my refrigerator !!!
  3. @waskerbasket9601 [1 likes]: What is written on the floor?
  4. @allanwiener230: What is the purpose of amassing such a collection?
  5. @bs10098121: Wow!! A miniature piece of heaven here!!
  6. @aam3489: 3:50 Why is there arabic writing
  7. @Jupe367: When a wine has a date is that when it was bottle?  I see that there are wine back in 1800s.  Is wine any good after 20 years?
  8. @davidcaple6521: Kind of obnoxious... To be honest. I have a meager 2000 bottles worth way less... The difference, I'll drink that shit before I die (hopefully). Crazy old bottles??? For what? A dick measuring contest I guess? I mean this respectfully, I am truly enamored by the collection but at some point you have to ask yourself, why? Sincerely...
  9. @luisgamass5585: I was there 8 years ago Super impresive !!
  10. @ernis_star: all bullsh...t !
99% of people dont know the diference between a 1 € wine and a 1000 € wine.

and the irony is : yung people even like the 1 € wine....

it s like modern art !  things that are only ponzi scheme
  11. @ykhykh816: The glass cabinets give me anxiety
  12. @Ody-up6kg: I did not see a single bottle of 1976 Boone's Farm!
  13. @martygt3357: You have way to much wine.  If you would like help fixing this problem, give me a call.
  14. @edmacfarlane9483: Awesome! I’d like to walk around with a Coravin sneaking a few samples!
  15. @Pandolcee: Over the last 2 years I have become more and more interesting in wine collecting for some reason, maybe I just like the elegance of the wine and the way its presented, or maybe I'm an alcoholic in disguise
  16. @teri-rossicyda2874: stunning
  17. @yriafehtivan: $21 million / 50,000 bottles is roughly $420 per bottle. Damn, and I thought paying $30 for a basic level bottle of Burgundy was a bit pricy.
  18. @ЕвгенийСаников-г5д: Смотри не заблудись
  19. @achdjianfinearts: ridiculous !  so stupid !  there are thousands of much better wines at very unexpensive prices !
  20. @AZsportshut: I work in a warehouse that imports wine from all around the world. I guarantee most of his wine are trash.

- WINE CELLAR TOUR EP. 2: Kind: captions Language: en hi wine lovers welcome to another episode of our poor decisions and today we're looking at a gorgeous wine seller this is part of our series when we travel around the country to visit wine collectors who are yeah maybe as crazy about wine as I am and if you or anyone you know would like to be featured on our Channel shoot me an email it's going to be in the description B I have a feeling this is going to be really fun me too you want to go inside let's do it in this episode of our poor decisions we're inviting you to take a private tour into Mark's 4,000 bottle seller how could have a friend be have to be to get a seat at this table you got to be pretty special Mark is a self-made entrepreneur born and raised in California and his wine collection certainly reflects that hi I'm Mark and this is my seller we will take a look at the seller's design Mark's collection and we'll even mess around with a wine toy my dad hasn't even heard of and at the end and we'll surprise him and his wife Tara with a special bottle from pops's seller so who helped you have designed this no one when we were building a new house I wanted to experience the wine I wanted to be and have my guests engaged in the wine so the only thing I could come up with do that most of my friends no one's going to sit actually in a Celler need dinner or sit for very long and do Tasties so that's where the the idea was hatched to create a dining space between the cellar between the the glass and the the cold climate how many bottles can you fit in the Celler so the Sellar will hold 2400 round numbers in the racking itself probably about 3,800 to 4,000 all total one of the things that I love about this design is that you see the labels and the labels are facing out so at any point in time you can see exactly what wine you have in there like talk to me about that design and and how that works um sorry I didn't know if it was like locked or unlocked we keep it locked because some of our folks that come visit have inappropriate seller disorder it's stripped in here so so let's talk about the lock what how does it work it's it's to my fingerprint you got a biometric lock that's awesome I'm going to make sure that I can get in here [Music] illegal user and now the cops are ineligible user you maybe we should go this way so Mar what kind of materials have you used in here we used an Ashwood and we we look for a really hard wood that would hold up really well in the humidity I use metal racking because I want to go 3 deep and in the background is a product made by uh ATI Advanced Technologies Inc we came up with a Celtic pattern that was exclusive to me and they created the walls that are behind the line they do wall and ceiling systems and they will custom make but they have so many patterns I can't imagine somebody couldn't find something in their stock how do you keep the seller cool so the engineering on this was pretty uh not extravagant but it was well thought out I put in two units so I put in um wine Guardians I put in the larger half tons each of them are by themselves are more than double the need of the capacity of this total seller but I put two in because that was one of the mistakes I made in my first seller was I had one unit each unit is on its own circuit and then those circuits are are independent and they go to a 48 watt uh gener one of the things that you mentioned were all the mistakes that you made the first time around what what do you think are the most typical mistakes that one collectors when they start out what are the most typical mistakes that they make so in building a seller I think the biggest mistake is they don't understand that the room has to have humidity and they don't build it accordingly so they'll take an existing space with existing sheetrock and existing insulation and they'll kind of close it in and put a cooling unit in and think they have a Sellar and and that's a huge mistake You' got to you got to really open your walls up spray you know close cell foam insulation be best but extremely high rated if you're going to use the pre-made fiberglass insulation and you've got to do the floor you got to do the ceiling and then all the sheetrock needs to be replaced with a green board which is really made for a bathroom could anybody walk in here and say okay I know that these wines are here and those wines are there do you want to share with me the organizing princip yeah I I mean the the seller kind of starts at the far end with some Champagnes and the whites and then it works its way into penos kind of some red blends works the around and starts turning into Cabernet and uh bigger bigger Reds on this side carrying it down cabs are obviously my favorite thing so I'm pretty heavy in the cab area all right I also see that you have um liquor in here talk to me about that so liquor likes cold just like wine does and so I put some of my harder to get Bourbons or expensive bourbons and Tequilas in here um some of them were gifts um some of them are collections I have the Blandon gold in every single letter to spell Blandon you know be and I were just visiting Buffalo Trace we're going to do um a video later on uh papy and uh we went to the warehouse where they store the blands and it's one unique warehouse and it's the only building with metal siding on the entire campus it's really cool what are you and your wife drinking on a daily basis cuz I know that she's kind of a wine collector too we will open anything on any day her and I will be sitting at the table we'll open about a 100 Acre and eat maon and cheese with tun in that's a couple goals right there but if I had to say my my go-to daily drinkers um I like um Oakville Ranch wines that are from Oakville um are very pleasing to my palette so I told Mark that I really like this wine and he was like okay I'll buy you a lot of it oh that's quite convenient right oh I hate when that happens he's very smart and he knows how to keep me happy and she has a superior palette to mine I like The Bard from real um Dakota Shai is a great daily Drinker I think arieta is a great daily Drinker teeter totter does a really good job so there there's multiple that I would put in the daily Drinker category although I have some Harlin and I have 100 Acre and Opus and a few of the bigger names uh kogan and so forth a lot of what I like is stuff that is is kind of up and coming the night that I was introduced to realm one of the guys guys brought a bottle as kind of a sleeper and did it as a blind and we were up against Harland we had a 82 a that night um the wine that I tasted that that held up very well with the Harland against the Harland and that was honestly the barard which is we buy that as kind of a daily Drinker their wine absurd here this wine is super difficult to get the Absurd is not only is it their high end but it's like absurdly expensive right it is it is uh but it's it's it's it's really worth it garula is a another one that is kind of a sumper they share the valley with Pritchard Screaming Eagle Avid doal calwell it's just really under the radar because they're super small production but the the wine is is is really spectacular very impressed with checkerboard right now I think they're doing a great job they they got one of the wine makers from Harland it's a fair a new winery with a pretty great pedigree as a wine maker another one that I really really like is promise they've been to me a highly consistent well-made wine it's not readily available a lot of the wines that I I like you don't see on restaurant menus well see normal people don't get on the wine list like you know we we don't have the access to do important people out um I don't know how important I am but I certainly have a decent case of OCD and so when I get onto something I can't let it go so you're going to have to teach me how to get on the cool list it I I can teach anyone how to be a good pest okay I I you know I'll work on it it's it's part of what I'm going to do I'm feeling like you're kind of halfway there well I count if I count all the texts and calls to actually do this this reluctant wine seller tour I think you're more than halfway there actually hey I know a good seller when I see it what was kind of like your like like your first big purchase where you were like oh my gosh I can't believe I'm paying this much but the wine is so good I got to have it probably Opus was one that when I came across I was drinking things of lesser quality I think um and that was very eye opening okay so you have a lot of 100 Acre and we actually did an episode on 100 Acre what's the story behind that clearly you have some kind of connection at H 100 Acre is at the moment probably the most incredible wine maker more 100 Point wines than anyone I can even think of you have an attachment to that because that's your home home state absolutely so I I've lived in the Bay Area my whole life Napa is a big part of my Coming of Age so to speak when I got into a place in my life where I was making a little money in my early 20s um frankly if you were on a date a more meaningful date than just going to a restaurant was taking someone to to Nava so you basically kind of used to want to get girls only girls that I had true interest in did I take that extra step so it wasn't a common date it was for the ones that I thought the relationship had potential I'm assuming you took terara to Napa right we did get a NAA while we were dating yes hey that's a pretty good strategy so obviously you guys have a beautiful collection and I think I speak for myself and our viewers we want to know how do you even start a collection like this how did you guys get into collecting wine in in my mid-20s um when I was still living in California I had a small 24 bottle uh wine refrigerator and kind of started with that and was buying primarily inexpensive wines um by today's standards grocery store wines I mean they were they were um wines that were readly available it it seemed like the the higher my income got the higher the prices of wine I was buying and so I started slowly working my way up one wine that I had that that was kind of pivotal I got a bottle of cus and this was I want to say it was probably Nish and that was at that point cus was one of the hard to gets very expensive for what it was and people forget that c was actually used to be like that right they were a small production of wine maker and and high quality production though and and so that was probably one of the finest wines I'd had at that point in my life and that's when it really started to turn you know one of the things that we use often is a an Alpena which kind of helps aate the wine at a much quicker speed so you can put a bottle in and you can put it on an hour and it takes about 4 minutes for it to give it an hour's worth and it actually injects air underneath the wine all right I have never heard about this I am dying to try it I never thought there would be a wine Gadget that you didn't know existed evidently so the Alpena will probably be controversial to your wine of fishing autos because this is a total cheater and we just simply hit go and it will by percentage get to 1 hour in probably a minute minute and a half so this is basically 1 hour it's 1 hour being in the air sery I definitely taste the difference this is pretty significant it's significant so I'm going to put I mean this is significant so I'm going to do another hour the thing is you can go past so you have to find your sweet spot and stick with it you're not driving anymore are you if Alpena Sal Spike they owe me some money yeah so this is our two cheers cheers and thank you guys again so much just sharing this with us I was pretty skeptical going into this mhm but it's pretty amazing this is noticeably different and this one is open yeah this so this one has really opened up should we chance another hour let's do it yeah just give me just a little bit I just want to try it thank you or like my brother says just give me a little bit in the top of glass so at 3 hours I think the nose on this has changed significantly is it more muted yes I would say we went past I would say the 2hour point was the perfect time on this one well I would really like to know if any of our viewers have experiences with the Alpena and please leave your comments below I'm I'm fascinating one of the things that we do as part of our uh visit is that we bring a line that we think that you don't have let's see so uh we brought a wine for you you may actually know this one we uh did an episode on monar and I I think we went through your list and we have decided at least on your list so far you don't have a mon am I correct about this or not or did you bought some I'm not I think I bought some oh I think I bought some but I don't know that I bought this one all right so this is a Mar um and if you need to know more about it you know check out our our episode on monor S thank you so much this is great hey I want to thank you for your hospitality for sharing your wine Sellar with us of course and this has been so much fun thank you so much Cheers Cheers this might be the most fun video we've done yet go yay winning you know not every part of Nappa is equal this is such a great I'm on film and you're grabbing me like this this is like the greatest marriage moment right and we got it on film so tell me what is your favorite wine moment was it with somebody else most definitely not

  Top Comments:
  1. @westgarthwines [6 likes]: Great to see a Napa-heavy collection with some real classics!
  2. @jhansen6180 [5 likes]: It’s crazy this channel only has 9k subs. This is great content. I mean it’s really just a one of a kind channel.
  3. @njk72503 [4 likes]: Love this gentleman’s passion. Beautiful cellar and collection! Would love to hear more from his wife and her perspective.
  4. @tigermode [2 likes]: love that he is hammered
  5. @sophiewingfield6136 [2 likes]: Wow such a beautiful cellar. Great tour guys!!!
  6. @BadgerJeff [2 likes]: Is Mark wearing a Road America race track hat? I like him already
  7. @paulhughes5446 [1 likes]: Great to see folks with a passion for Napa wines
  8. @geoffoutdoors [1 likes]: When biometrics show up... you KNOW it's serious!  Haha. This is so great
  9. @NicolasBarta [1 likes]: Love this videos. In my opinion, proper collectors don't too much attention to whether a wine has "100 points"...  even less from suckling, parker etc.... 20 points from Jancis Robinson is a different league tough....
  10. @stephengoetze2651 [1 likes]: Really enjoying the cellar tour videos.  One thing I really liked in this video is the "what are your everyday drinkers" question. 

Another great one to put on your list.  I have heard Sammy Haggard has an amazing cellar.
  11. @bom128 [1 likes]: Love your celllar tours!
  12. @GlassOfBubbly [1 likes]: Most enjoyable thank you. Both viewing the wine collections and just as important, the stories behind them and the collectors.
  13. @corsaamericarally4298: Would love to have you guys do my cellar in Tampa!
  14. @blu_s0l_0nline: Must be nice being rich.
  15. @davidsallman1322: 😊😊😊
  16. @alcervik: Nice cap
  17. @Uknowjustin: Awesome series!
  18. @jerwinleyson1159: Look up ifavine. That was the original maker of the aeration device. I think they licensed their product so companies like Breville, wine enthusiast, and Alpina made similar products either the same concept.
  19. @mdubluyahoo: The tequila collection needs work.  Clase Azul, while having a nice bottle, is not a good tequila.
  20. @jonaseberth9027: nice one!
does anybody know which glasses they used?

- AWESOME HOME WINE CELLAR TOUR!!!: Kind: captions Language: en all right we are here Michael just um put away his wine I mean his uh Bourbon Barrel and I figured we should do a wine seller tour as well um I don't know if he wants to share a whole bunch but it's pretty darn cool so you want to give us a quick tour yeah sure um you know when we moved into this house we uh I had a small collection of wine and um this seller holds a lot more than I'll ever collect that holds about 800 bottles but uh anyhow there's some pretty cool wine in here if you know anything about wine yeah yeah and you always store it at 55 it says up here has its own system yes temperature controlled and I granitize the walls to make it look kind of cool and modern if you will but yeah we've got some really good stuff in here that we're aging um I don't know if your people know much about wine but got some muton rosch which is one of the first uh growths of France uh this year was what 2001 we got a couple of those um Fen folds gra this was rated 99 this is a 1998 I believe really yeah rated 99 um bought a couple bottles of that I have no idea but that sounds that's from Australia it's Barosa Barosa wine that's that's new world right H new world wine new world yeah Australia South Africa oh yeah United States yep Australian wine um I mean I I I go towards the French wines a lot so you like the Deep Oak shat lur that's another uh first growth French wine yeah one of the best wines in the world right there really yep so some of these you've had in here for like almost a decade then oh oh yeah well some of these wines I've had longer than a decade but I mean that one I think is a I don't even know what year it is 96 oh yeah so I was six y so they would you know those wines will hold for 30 40 years yeah um they're just a collection I keep it French Italian uh got some berel mhm oh here's a beautiful oh that's a special it's a magnum it's a bigger bottle of a resered Brello so what what what's a Brunello I have no idea that's where we're heading oh okay yeah to um in Italy it's a um uh s you basy wine yeah that's the great so that's a region in Italy and you're actually going to visit yes yeah we're going to do some tours nice there and uh pretty cool any just want to kind of show you guys just really quick the the setup you got some upper shelf stuff up there what's that some of the better wines that I've had over the years special wines very cool cool awesome and 55° is what you recommend right in fact this was your your mom and I's first date really uh not that one this one right here first date yep and you saved oh that's great yeah save the bottle y very cool yep all righty guys well that's it I just wanted to show you kind of a quick rundown obviously we can't do all the bottles but pretty cool stuff thank you for showing Michael mhm all right all right that's it

  Top Comments:
  1. @bugggit [8 likes]: Dude your dad has some incredible wines that most winos would kill to try..
Please learn about wine and help your dad appreciate the collection. I'm sure it would mean a lot to him!
  2. @jasondownsnet [1 likes]: He’s your dad, you guys were talking to each other like employer/employee?!!!  Haha. Cool cellar tour. Thank you.
  3. @tempo1964ss [1 likes]: Pretty beautiful collection from what he showed us and the cellar is lovely!
  4. @zacharymccoy2418 [1 likes]: Do you call your father by his first name. Just wondering.
  5. @ThemadViking793 [1 likes]: Very inspiring. Thank you very much.
  6. @sebdickie [1 likes]: Why is he picking these wines up and shaking them like maracas!? Leave them be haha.
  7. @CasonovaCorkClub [1 likes]: I LOVE IT!!!
  8. @Jvnshr [1 likes]: Cool.
  9. @No-km6zr [1 likes]: Good lord lol
  10. @francescosaveriorusso1478: Very very beautiful congrats
  11. @scottmclennan6114: That ‘98 Grange will drink well mate.
  12. @PeteBoraso: simps...
  13. @stvv1997: “I don’t know if your people know much about wine but...”
  14. @304Lexus: Your dad seems like an dick lol
  15. @ElJorro: I want it!
  16. @timothylarkin4916: What does he do for work? He’s obviously got a lot of money to burn
  17. @wesley5366: easy with the botles they are sleeping !

- 6 Basic Rules For Pairing Food With Wine (Video): Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Rachel May and today we're going to talk about wine pairings. Now, there's certain elements of wine. There's sugar, acid, fruit, tannins, and alcohol. And there's also flavor components of food. There's fat, acid, salt, sweet, bitter, and texture. So, when we think about pairing, we need to think about how these flavor elements are going to work together. Let's talk about some of the basic rules of wine pairing. Rule number one, hors d'oeuvres need a dry rosé. The reason is a rosé combines the light crispness of a white with the fruitiness of a red. And if you have a table of hors d'oeuvres, there's many different flavors and textures that you need to accommodate. Rule number two, acid needs acid. So, any food that has a high acidic level, something you'd want to squeeze a lemon onto, that's a great pairing with a light citrusy acidic white wine. If you have a dish like chicken piccata, pasta with tomato sauce, or a roasted fish with citrus, which will pair with a bright citrusy Pinot Grigio or Sauvignon Blanc. It'll be like a zap of fresh lemon in your dish. Rule number three, tannins need fat. If you have food with a higher fat content, say a marbled ribeye steak, or a braised duck, or grilled sausages, you really need a wine with a textural element that will balance it out. If you pair with a bold red wine like a Syrah or a Cabernet, the tannins in that red wine really balance out the fat element. Rule number four, heat needs sweet. If you're serving a dish that has a little kick to it or a little bit of spice, you're going to need a lighter slightly sweet wine to pair with it. A good example would be a Riesling or a white Zinfandel. Rule number five, salty needs bubbles. Now, it can be a little hard to pair salty or fried foods with a wine, but similar to a beer, the carbonation of the sparkling wine adds a whole different texture and brings a whole new flavor to it. Rule number six, earthy needs earthy. Now, if you have a earthier food like mushrooms, lentils, or gamey meats, they're going to be great paired with an earthy wine. A good choice would be a Syrah or a Pinot Noir. You really want to think about your dominant flavors. Is it sweet? Is it salty? Is it citrusy? These are the elements you want to consider when pairing your wine with your entrée. Hopefully, this gives you a better idea for how to pair your wines with your food. These tips are brought to you by Shoptopia, just what you want, right where you are.

  Top Comments:
  1. @narinadanielean399 [3 likes]: you made this so easy. I love it.
  2. @BoxcarBill [1 likes]: A friend and I were in a restaurant in Toulouse and we ordered a Rhone red to go with our meal.
All the Rhone reds I ever had in the USA were light to medium bodied blends. This red was very full bodied and POWERFUL. I was surprised, but upon a study of the bottle I saw it was 100% Syrah.
  3. @getinmyglass [1 likes]: Great video - explained beautifully.
  4. @preciouskadhoni7867 [1 likes]: The best explanation on wine pairing ever. Short and straight to the point, easy to understand. Thank you.
  5. @teenafancihyatt6756: 🙏🏼🌎🌍🌏🕊️ #dgdyz 🍷
  6. @jasonkrick1614: There is only one rule with wine. 

If you bought it. You can drink it any way you want to.
  7. @HomelandersMaps: Amazing Video!!!
  8. @georgeburns6512: Ik this old but if you like Korean hot pot some blueberry wine goes super well with it. I know it’s not fancy but great pairing
  9. @KristianSkogstad: Du er flott. Du forklarte alt veldig bra.
  10. @PlasmaProphet-f8x: Thank you.
  11. @elianasmith6330: Your videos are incredibly helpful. Please keep sharing such valuable content. Thank you!
  12. @gazza2933: Straight to the point. 
Thank you.
Merry Christmas 
🇺🇸 🍾🥂🍾🥳 🎅🏻 🇬🇧
  13. @tdomharbenaro: This video was perfect! Pretty straightforward, informative, and easy to follow along! Thank you!
  14. @tashiemativenga2916: Thanks you so much 💗
  15. @AdaCraig-m7o: I love it
  16. @itsbin7357: Thank you
  17. @MabelleLarson: I loved it
  18. @WesternYumYum: I work at a restaurant that offers wine pairings and I wanted to learn more.  Excellent video.
  19. @ChucKsor-dm4eq: Chào bạn tuyệt vời quá 👍🥰
  20. @1974gibsonfrancesco: Whats funny?? If clientele asks fer sweet?? It a fruity wine the guys wife is asking for, most likely 99% of time. Unless its just desert, than you can grab a port, sherry, moscato etc. One thing as a server is understanding this concept. Allot of people really have no idea wtf they are asking for really. Like the Carbonara debates with all the know it alls. Thats cucina povera, midnight pasta, cheap eats, supposed to be. I'd rather make it my way at home how I want!!

- Pairing Wine and Food - 7 Pro Tips from a Sommelier: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Pierre Asti I've been to sell me a since about 2009 and I'd like to pass on to you some of what I've learned about pairing wine and food you know it's absolutely crazy whether it's in music movies sports or TV we're always looking for the star typically there is the star plus a variety supporting actors rarely do we find a great movie or TV show that has two co-stars we're what hired to follow the star now on the flipside over the years there have been some pretty incredible duo's actually they've been in a variety of different arenas Abbot and Costello Butch and Sundance lemon and Matthau Mike and Molly Pitt and Clooney Bert and Ernie it's he and Scratchy I could go on each of these pairs are great individually but there's something unique and even more memorable when you put them together that's what we're gonna do in this video we're gonna put together wine and food whether you're going out to dinner or prepping at home these tips are for you no matter where you find yourself following all or some of these seven easy steps will make both your food and wine taste better many people go by the philosophy anything can go with anything and that's okay especially if that's what you want however what I want to do is show you how to compliment both your wine and your food in this video we're going to look at the seven things that will simplify pairing wine and food keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear click like or subscribe or hit the little bell so that you'll be notified when there are new posts ok pairing wine and food the first approach is the classical match also known as the regional match this is when you choose the wines from the region of the world that the dish originally was made said another way what grows together goes together frequently some will say with chicken fish and pork you drink white wine and with beef you drink red let me caution you I make a chicken dish called chicken Ricardo it's an elaborate heavy tomato based sauce garlic basil you name it it's in the sauce i simmer it all day sometimes - the house smells absolutely phenomenal now just before serving it I throw several chicken breasts on the grill grill them until they're about 1/2 or 3/4 done take them off cut them up put them in the simmering sauce and let them simmer on low for 45 minutes to an hour to make sure they capture some of the flavor of the sauce now some would say that's a chicken meal you should be drinking a white wine with my Italian chicken Ricardo expect a phenomenal classic or regional match of a nice Italian red likewise if you're dishing up a big bowl of the Spanish dish Paia a Spanish albariño that's a white wine would be absolutely perfect or a Spanish Tempranillo if you lean towards reds another regional manage to think about is I like to grill Alaskan wild sockeye salmon on a cedar plank for me the go-to wine would be a pinot noir from close by the lament Valley Oregon rather than a white wine now if you're geographically challenged don't worry about it the following tips will definitely help you out the number 2 tip is body both red and white wines are on a continuum of being anything from very light to very full the same thing holds true for food you'll find everything from very light delicate foods to very full heavy dishes that have a lot going on when it comes to the body you want to match the weight of your food to the weight of your wine light food pairs best with light body wines heavy foods pair best with full-bodied wine i trigger the trade in determining this is by looking at the color of the food and the wine a meal with a light even Dockett sauce both in color and texture go well with light body wine if you have a heavy dark super Stu please go better with a full-bodied wine the number 3 tip is acid mirrors acid now acid is the element in wine that causes your mouth to water and prepares your palate for food food that have a high acidic level would pair well with light citrusy acidic white wines summer fruit salads chicken piccata spaghetti with a light not a full body but a light tomato sauce now rich dishes with butter or cream oily fish and buttery shellfish would work well with a fresh citrusy Pinot Grigio or a Sauvignon Blanc a white Bordeaux whites from Sancerre or maybe a Vouvray from Alsace France or Germany pairing with many of these wines would be like adding just the squeeze or just a touch of lemon to each of those dishes the number four tip is tannin loves fat tannin is the element in wine that dries your mouth out it kind of makes your your mouth pucker it tastes somewhat bitter food with a higher fat content like well marbled steak braised duck bratwurst or sausage will soften and balance out the tannin and the wine acidic foods like I mentioned a second ago clash with tannins you won't enjoy an acidic entree with a highly tuned antic wine the easiest way to remember repairing your meats and wines is the less marbled or less fat in the meat the light of the red wine the more fat the darker the red wine how are you doing there is this information making sense if it is right Asti in the comments below the number 5 tip is heat NEADS sweet those foods that have a fair amount or even a lot of kick to them your go-to wine would be a sweet or semi-sweet wine now I know I know some of you are saying I don't like sweet wines but I assure you with hot and spicy foods a Riesling or a Moscato is absolutely the way to go you'll be very pleasantly surprised now when it comes to sweet wines here's a couple more tips the wine needs to be sweeter than food there are all kinds of sweet dessert wines that will pair well with your after-dinner delights big red big tannin wines rarely successfully matched with sweets but if you're indulging in chocolate a Cabernet Sauvignon is absolutely the way to go the number six tip is salty and fried needs acidity and effervescent scent another way fried chicken love champagne no really I do this for a group down in the Florida Panhandle a while back they were absolutely crazy about it the flavors and bubbles minimize and cut through the salt and grease the fried nosov the chicken and adds a unique texture and flavor to the food you really got to try it also the saltiness is cut by the acidity like the acidic wines that we've talked about earlier when it comes to effervescence of the bubbles for me champagne goes with just about everything the number seven tip earthy needs earthy now what do I mean by earthy foods beets mushrooms little leeks turnips while game like turkey deer boar pheasant and the earthy wines that pair well with these earthy dishes would be like a pinot noir a gam a Grenache and a Chablis so to wrap this up what we want to do is compliment the wine and the food you want to consider what is a dominant flavor is it sweet salty citrusy is fati look particularly at the sauces this is the big factor in how to pair things now let's not make this too complicated pairing for every day keep it simple if you want anything to go with anything great if you want to create a memorable meal give it a little bit more thought use these tips to your advantage and before you know it you'll be pairing like a pro and above all else have a good time with it well there you have it everything you need to know about pairing wine and food if you enjoyed this video and was helpful to you let me know in the comments below make sure you subscribe for new videos that come out every single week and give it a like if you liked it if there's someone you know that's interested in wine make sure you share this video with them I'd really appreciate that and ring the bell to be notified when I post other videos folks I'm here to help and serve you as we learn more about wine together you

  Top Comments:
  1. @mjamesdtc [1 likes]: Buddy, I’m barely two and a half minutes into this, but you know you are gonna have to drop that Chicken Ricardo recipe in the comments here right? That just sounds absolutely wonderful.
  2. @porkyparry1 [1 likes]: So that's why the wine waiter sniggered when i ordered a heavy barolo with my prawn salad
  3. @ElizabethBolt-c7s [1 likes]: So concise and easy to remember. I love the basics!
  4. @kreamufsomyungi [1 likes]: Now, today, we're gonna learn about wine kids, m'kay?
  5. @MartinM-e6n: Food and wine 🍷 is a fantastic world 🌍.
  6. @Pavel-Geleznov: my favorite is dry white Chardonnay wine, what is best food pairing for it? some people say it's seafood
  7. @rossrhodes4044: ASTI lettttsss goooooo
  8. @MahoganyandMerlot: Loved this! Very helpful!!!
  9. @syresingalls3671: Thank you for the tips
  10. @abelmakuvatsine7643: Asti
  11. @MohanrajMahendran: Thanks very much for your Salutory advice very Valuable information.
  12. @paulds6067: asti
  13. @Maché254: Asti!
  14. @principe1968: Asti!
  15. @Marcel-ty7qg: Asti
  16. @tanmay_6363: Asti💫💟
  17. @magedojo: Asti. Thanks. I learned a lot. This is one of the most approachable pairing videos I have found.
  18. @FissuraOmenPeregrinus: Everything flowed together so well!
  19. @petemccutchen3266: I love Pinot Noir with salmon, but I do not get the appeal of the cedar plank.  To me it just overwhelms the salmon and destroys its subtle flavors.
  20. @angelvillalta8561: Great great video. 
Thank you <3!!

- Wine and Food Pairing Made Super Easy: Kind: captions Language: en hey y'all it's Madeleine I want to explain the basics behind food and wine pranks so you can create pairings on your own in order to do so I'm using an infographic poster called the food and wine prank chart that I created for wine folly so we can sort of vet some pairings together but before we get into all of that let's understand the basics the fundamentals of flavor pairing the process of flavor paying involves balancing tastes with one another there are essentially five building blocks of taste to construct flavor pairings bitter sweet salt fat and acid so let's say you have this dish with kale and kale has some bitterness in it you might want to compliment that bitterness with fat salt and some sweetness to help balance out the dish it's useful to note that the more intense the taste the more intense the balancing taste should be so if I had radicchio in the last example which is a lot more bitter I might opt for something like candied walnuts and blue cheese to really counterbalance the flavors the topic of flavor pairing goes pretty deep there are now other flavors we've learned and understood that go beyond just the five fundamental tastes including new mommy or meatiness or pecan sea which means spiciness so you can go crazy if you want to but I like to keep things simple not only because you're learning but as soon as you add wine it gets more complicated when I'm thinking about pairing wines with food I like to think of the wine more as an ingredient with attributes then as just wine itself wine as an ingredient is a fermented beverage with a lower pH which means fundamentally it's on the acid side of the spectrum next some wines are sweet and some are dry as in not sweet and finally if you're working with a red wine you will have an element of bitterness in the form of pigment and poly phenols aka tannin now that we see wine is an ingredient we will choose the role it plays with the food it will either be a congruent pairing where the flavors go together or a complementary pairing where they contrast one another a good example of a congruent pairing would be a zesty Sauvignon Blanc paired with chilled cucumber soup in this pairing the sharp citrusy and herbaceous flavors that Sauvignon Blanc highlight the freshness of the cucumber's in a soup which is texturally very creamy a good example of a complementary pairing would be the classic pairing of steak and Cabernet Sauvignon in this pairing the acids and tannins in the wine work opposite the rich fatty flavors and umami in the meat when you have a good understanding of the fundamental tastes in the different styles of wine it's actually pretty easy to come up with food and wine pairings on your own in your head however if you're just getting started I totally understand we created this chart I'm gonna link it here up there maybe down there so you can take a look at it on your own and start practicing pairings all right here's how the chart works on the x-axis there are nine styles of wine on the y-axis there are food ingredients which are organized by type you'll see the recommended pairings for these ingredients as you go across the x-axis dots indicate a pairing and large dots indicate an excellent pairing so if you want to create your own pairing identify the major ingredients in your dish the sort of the primary flavor profiles and then use the chart to find recommended wines so for example let's say I want a pet want to pair a BLT sandwich on wheat bread I would then identify the major ingredients well bacon is definitely a major ingredient there's lettuce but it's more of a textural thing tomatoes an ingredient and so is the wheat bread so those three ingredients I will find on the chart there's bacon bacon seems to go well with a light red wine and a sweet red wine then there's tomato tomato will go with a medium bodied red wine but it'll also pair with a sweet wine and then finally we have the wheat bread which goes with several different wine styles and it looks like it will also go with a sweet white wine - I might be picking a sweet boy mine to go with my BLT and as it happens Riesling a off dry Riesling is an excellent pairing with a BLT sandwich alright I hope you enjoyed this little wine and food pairing demo and have fun making wonderful pairings woohoo

  Top Comments:
  1. @susannahhayes6567 [16 likes]: I just got a new job opportunity working for an upscale Italian restaurant and I really needed this! I'm trying to learn all I can before orientation!
  2. @libbyd1001 [6 likes]: Your book is excellent and this chart would complement it nicely… another pairing! 😂

This chart probably includes this but your book really opened my eyes to the excellent role Champagne and Prosecco can play in a food/wine pairing.  Now, if I’m a bit stuck on what I should pair with something, I remember the bubbly stuff and most of the time it’s awesome.  
Really impressed some friends last summer when they were serving oysters and I showed up with Champagne. Together they were amazing, thanks to what I learned from you. 
Grazie!
  3. @h.e9536 [3 likes]: You're an excellent teacher and incredibly good looking. 😊
  4. @usaintltrade [2 likes]: BEAUTIFUL
  5. @villaverderocio4144 [1 likes]: Hi, that food pairing wine chart is amazing! Can I see ir for free?
  6. @michaelbrown7881 [1 likes]: Awesome
  7. @thantoeaung2855: I can't find the link of the chart! Please help
  8. @petemccutchen3266: I hate sweet Rieslings.  I want Riesling bone dry.  I’d go  with a light red or sparkling.
  9. @SilverStormEcho: This video was really well thought out
  10. @kaleinyasoftly6027: Thank you for this videoooo!!
  11. @miltankk: Hot take- i dont care what the label says, the best red wine food pairing is chocolate
  12. @seedlesspineapple7589: Applying to a serving job I'm way under qualified for, just spent 30 mins taking notes wish me luck
  13. @dognatious6153: You're a graphic and teaching genius. Cute too!
  14. @TherapyWithRisa: Is it just me? Or does she always look drunk or high...
  15. @Runningmayfairs: is the poster still available for purchase? the link doesn't work anymore
  16. @pbziegler: Interesting how pairing uses tastes from opposite sides of the circle. Same is true with color grading in photography- good to develop a food color palate by choosing colors from opposite sides of the color wheel
  17. @Jimmerca: Does this wine chart get into the different rosé wines as far as pairing with food?
  18. @courtneypants: How do we get the chart? Link no longer works
  19. @evanfelicetti6226: Thanks for the video!
  20. @Makiyow_: How to get the chart? Looks awesome

- Trying different wine + food pairings!: Kind: captions Language: en so one of our pipes bursted last night I was doing dishes and all of a sudden I feel water coming down at my feet and I looked inside can you guys see it the whole it like rusted and fully busted open like that's like a hole things are looking at Mama luckily maintenance is coming today to fix it I feel like our maintenance is pretty on stuff whenever we say there's something wrong so that's good but look I feel like I think like the slack of the pipe gave out and then this is also coming out want to see something kind of gross but like kind of satisfying I'm gonna use this tool I got it off Amazon I'll link it down below but just watch I have to do this like every I should be doing it every day but so often because link should so much this actually is not that bad it's usually like triple the size and you're probably thinking why don't I just get a vacuum this takes up less space one and I haven't found a vacuum that can like fully fully pick up her hair whereas this is like I could see what I'm picking up it just it's more efficient in the weirdest way possible but I feel like I still kind of want a Roomba does anybody have one I feel like it's like a big thing but I actually don't know anybody who actually owns one sometimes I go over with the Chom Chom overrated overrated products I mean like you like go back and forth like that it picks up hair but it's a lot of like arm work I don't know the dog clean up hair tutorial that nobody asked for look at her literally 90 something degrees outside so I think we're gonna stay inside all day today I like obviously want to take her on a walk but her paws will literally burn on the sidewalk like I tested it I went out and put my hand down and it's way too hot for her to walk so I bought her these shoes recently but they're just not it like she won't wear them she'll take she kicks them off she won't even walk with them and talking about you so if you guys have any suggestions of what to do for dogs in hot weather like this I know I'm gonna have to figure something out for the cold too for the snow and the salt on the ground I need to figure it out soon because I can't just keep her inside during a heat wave sorry Mom I think we're about to play cards because what else do we do but I wanted to show you guys our new table oh wait I showed you the table you actually saw the table but look at the chairs we got these are from homery we're gonna paint that and put it here this is our bar court and then we put our stuff from our old set here because it's not going to be on the new set which is actually right there but I'm not showing you and then this um why am I forgetting the name of that coat rack from Amazon yeah it's just like a basic black one but with everything else that's going on in the space we just wanted something like chill and then we're probably gonna put my Mac Miller mirror right there we're gonna change the bulbs too because as you can see it's very yellow very dark in here right now and it's only like four [Music] okay quick card break because I just got a delivery that I've been waiting for it's kind of heavy though I got a box from Bright sellers this is my first box ever from them and I'm really excited because anytime I could just get anything in a surprise box feels like Christmas excuse the sirens at our old house it was planes and outside rooms so if you don't know what bright Cellars is it's a wine subscription box where you just take a quick quiz the questions range from like your flavor profiles the type of foods you gravitate towards and they curate a selection of bottles for you to try I took my quiz a minute ago so I don't fully remember what I got so let's see fitting it's a cheese knife to open wine I only use these to open packages I don't ever make sure I could write words do you see this it opens and then there's drawers your wine experiences arrived open a bottle to celebrate okay this is cool each bottle comes with a wine education card and on the back it has all like the notes and whatnot does it have pairings oh my gosh there's pairings this is perfect so Alex and I are about to order dinner because like you saw our sink is broken so we don't want to cook and like dirty up dishes and not be able to wash them actually the other day I watched a few in the bathtub and I was like okay this is a fever dream let's just wait till the bites are clean to cook but we're gonna pick one and then we're gonna order a good dinner to pair with it labels look how pretty Alex is a big white wine person oh I like this one this is pretty it's a Chardonnay Alex these are so cool this is like a wine escape room it's like a wine Escape and we have a new bar cart so we can line these up there and it like gives you the notes yeah no it's a wine education card and it tells you where it's from what year a little description hey this one goes the tortilla chips done wait this one's pretty I feel like half these I'm not gonna want to open um are they from like everywhere California Austria Dunagan Hills this one looks good this one's a little day Vibe yeah for sure I know for sure in my little quiz I said that I like dry and less sweet so I'm curious to try these but if you don't like a bottle you can send it back and they'll replace it with something that you like for free this one's good for Thursday night dinners Thursday specifically these would be really cute to keep and like line up in a frame and like a little book oh yeah like a book on top of your marker to like show what wine you have yeah we're onto something right sellers if you want to hire us okay so for dinner do you want quesadilla Vibes do you want pineapple salsa Vibes do you want bruschetta with garlic sea bass Vibes hard Italian cheese Portobello Vibes on wait that's Thursday though we can't do Thursday with let's find like a Portuguese Tapas place that delivers and get like hella just like like appetizers okay Foods oh my God we have so much wine if you guys want to check out bright Cellars they're giving a limited time offer to my viewers it's 50 off your first six bottle box everything is linked down below okay I know we said we're gonna try the white one we still are gonna do that for dinner but I want to try this this label's just really calling to me where do we get this wine opener it's Trader Joe's I feel like that's like theirs ah oh it's tart you I feel like you'd like this this is fire and this is a day by bread like yeah like I wouldn't associate this because usually I associate Reds with like bedtime this is giving dare I say Thursday afternoon really yeah oh my God okay so I'm looking up places to postmate now because we want that specific dish I can't pronounce it but there it is and we found a place that has it and then they also have this I don't even know what it is but it looks so good empanadas oh my gosh okay we're just gonna order so much stuff and I'll show you when it gets here okay everything you see I taste the coconut I know I only taste Apple this is everything we got on a receipt oh everything looks so good this Empanada is so big okay so this is the dish that the the little card said to get this is how this is what this is it smells fire oh my God more rice no way get more beans I always think it's funny when people like restaurants think that more than one or two people I'm like oh you know this is for a family okay this is the Branzino that looks fire smells slash and then this is the acorn thing it was like an acorn with heart of palm and something else oh my God yep oh my God it smells so good okay I feel like we should try the dish that we're yeah let's try this let's pour ourselves a full glass of wine a mouse watering that's a good sign it needs like a little sauce yep it goes I feel like the fish is good with it definitely oh it does go it really goes it like humbles this it it did Tone this down yeah oh my God it totally goes see the thing with wine pairings like I never thought it was like actually a thing I've always been told it's not a thing but like Placebo or not I taste it it definitely does something with the wine oh this is good let's get into this because it's screaming my name oh my God that's so good I will be ordering this again the shrimp is perfect okay what is this Branzino I think um tastes like a funnel cake what it's not gross it's not like spit it out it's just like you know what's funny I ordered this with all of this because I was like frenzino's safe if we hate everything else we'll like that there's that oh it's literally just ground beef yeah and it's a sauce Lala's in LA with their chimichurri oh my God the flavor's there with the beef though say that I will say all this is going with them I know let's try this little guy was it chicken chicken and cream cheese croquette okay it's not a cheese literally put cream cheese in anything and I'll eat it though right it's a little potato Vibe um I'm trying to flow to sleep okay let's make a little plates so we can go watch Love Island thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @KristenMcAtee [8 likes]: Thanks again to Bright Cellars for sponsoring this video and for the limited time offer! Click here https://bit.ly/BrightCellarsKristenMcAtee to get 50% off your first 6 bottle box!
  2. @ronaldsmith1282 [1 likes]: Me with you Kristen, now that's a pairing!!
  3. @nifflofair6685: Does Link have a double coat, do you brush her daily with undercoat brush (if she has double coat. In winter I'd rub some baseline on her paws before going out in salt, then as soon as you get in submerge her pads in a water (safe solution) and gently remove vaseline and salt. Noooooo not Love Island! Dumbed down TV.
  4. @marielaaguilar7798: I’m literally binging your videos from when you moved out from LA and I’m so digging it. I haven’t been invested in a vlog series/YouTuber in so long and I just think it’s because everyone is so LA right now and it’s just so boring at this point. Whereas seeing you explore NY and begin your journey on the complete opposite side of the country is refreshing and I love it. So excited to tag along on this ride with you ✨💕
  5. @emilylarkin8588: Where is the link for the fur brush
  6. @christinayabuddy: They make puppy paw pads that are not a shoe but just stick to the paw pads !!
  7. @Thomas-wk8qf: Saved this one up for when i would really need it and y'all these vids make my day!!!
  8. @sirafef: Everyone needs to LIKE Kristen’s videos! They’re raw and authentic! Pls like her videos, she deserves it.
  9. @laurenmrowka4337: if you and alex want to learn more about wine, you should totally ake a workshop/class! during my undergrad degree, I took a wine class that my university offered and it was super cool! would totally recommend
  10. @Itssuetoyou: Wont lie, I wasn’t a fan before, not that it matters but! I am a huge fan of Kristen in NY! It’s like she’s a brand new woman and full of life! It’s really inspiring! I’m so here for it!
  11. @kelliejurgill9683: I have a Wyze instead of a roomba, it was a little cheaper and it actually calculates your floor plan to make sure it hits everywhere-I also have two cats and it’s really good about getting pet hair.
  12. @paytonhofstetter3952: You should be waking up at 4/5 am to walk your dog then …..
  13. @selvil444: Kristen!! I meant to tell you this a long ass time ago but I always used to feel like the plane going by your apartment in California was a way of your grandma saying hi to you and now I feel like the sirens passing by in your New York videos is her new way of saying hi. Super random but just thought I’d put that out there ❤️😊
  14. @jessicawhitsell7515: Where do you get your cute green silky looking pants from?? I want a pair !! They are so cute, and I love your content, style, vibe... Love it all! haha
  15. @reenatatm: Ahhh so fun to you guys eating Brazilian and portuguese food, is where I'm from and I follow you guys for so long and always imagined you guys talking about it!!!!
  16. @charlottesword6785: I have a blue heeler, (which doesn't stop shedding) and with a regular vacuum I got a quarter of the hair out of my carpet, but as soon as I got a Roomba (i named her Sadie) she did the best job. I swear it's so convenient, you can get the app and if you forget to turn it on, you can click a button on your phone and it starts from wherever you are!! It was the best $900 I've ever spent, an excellent investment!! 💞
  17. @leahpeah123ya: I hate my Roomba and never use it. I bought a Dyson V8 Animal + and love it! I have a flat coated retriever and he sheds soooooo much. Roomba couldn’t handle the dog hair.
  18. @autumnkay1877: As a fellow husky owner. Get little lady some brain toys!
  19. @samantharadusin: I have a roomba. While it’s super convenient.. it’s annoying AF! I’m a busy mom of 3.. with 2 dogs.. and I used it briefly, but it’s so loud and wouldn’t do that great of a job. 

So I invested in a Dyson cordless stick vacuum and it’s awesome. 👍🏼
  20. @sonialozoya4029: I hope the new set is friends theme

- 3 Remarkable Cocktail and Food Pairings: RECIPES WINE TV: Kind: captions Language: en it's beginning to look a lot like christmas here on napa valley's main street where santa claus has officially come to town here in saint helena we are getting into the holiday spirit here at goose and gander serving up the secrets to their christmas cocktails i am thrilled to be joined by michael and pam main street is just festive right now we put out 150 christmas trees lining lining main street at night the town lights up we've got snowflakes everywhere all the time all the buildings are lit and it's absolutely stunning so this is the place to come and check out the festivities check out we've got a lot of activities going on and the stores it's unbelievable shopping here in santolina and so you get your christmas shopping done there is something for everyone and then it's amazing food and food wine and drinks i mean seriously where else can you go where you can get all this great holiday shopping done and then come and get some amazing food award-winning chefs award-winning uh master mixologist here with us am i allowed to say master mixologist is that like an official title we'll just go with bartender he's like let's take it down a notch there's got to be a little bit of a trick to pairing cocktails and food i'd imagine it's about the same thing as what you look for in wine i mean you're still following the same principles where you're looking to match acid with acid you know body with body trying to keep things you know balanced uh and in line with each other you were nice enough to prepare three amazing cocktails here for us and i'll just have you go ahead and tell us the ingredients and kind of what into it layman's versions though we're gonna try this at home yeah absolutely so the first cocktail here is uh jack clove it's a twist on a classic cocktail called the jack rose it involves apple jack which is america's first indigenous spirit it's apple brandy grenadine not that stuff that you buy in the store but this is a real craft product that we make in-house with pomegranate juice fresh from local growers squeezed and then mixed with a little bit of sugar and some rose water we also have some lime juice in there to add some brightness and then our little addition to that is we make a tincture of clove or a very strong alcoholic infusion of clove and just put a few drops in there to add spice and sort of some holiday cheer to the cocktail next we have the walnut lazarus which is a straight spirit drink it's a whiskey drink we have permit in there uh along with a little bit of nocino della cristina which is a local product uh nochena is a walnut liqueur typical of italian and slavic countries this is a recipe that's been handed down through generations to a local guy that makes it for us delicious stuff nutty complex spicy it's great on its own but in this cocktail it brings a depth and warmth that we then balance with a little bit of cointreau and orange liqueur and then whiskey barrel aged bitters as well and and i love it because it's not on the rocks no it's on the rock no no here at uh goose and gander we actually hand carve our ice cubes for our straight spirit drinks they look a little bit like this so crystal clear beautiful they don't melt too fast they keep the drink in a good state and they also look really nice with every uh drink you get a little diamond that's some rock huh put that on my finger would you you'll say i do for sure and last but of course not least uh the last cocktail is sort of a uh it's it's definitely designed as a pairing cocktail we call it a fermata which is a musical term meaning to hold or pause until you're told to go ahead again and this one is local brandy from germain rabbi some apricot liqueur coqui americano which is a slightly bitter orangey italian aperitif liqueur and then some late harvest wine that we put in there as well a little weight harvest semi on in this case dash of bitters and then topped with some nutmeg it's bright goes well with cheese courses or desserts has enough acid as well as enough sugar to go along with the uh the finishing parts of the meal goose and gander one of the many amazing places here in saint helena talk about an embarrassment of riches you guys really have it all we do have it all i mean look at this place this is amazing obviously i'm a very frequent visitor here and that drink right there is one of my favorites so oh yeah absolutely give me bourbon that looks so rough let's put that'll put some hair on your chest for sure i'm wimpy it's been great to have them to have goose and gander open we also had french blue open we have many um old-time favorites cindy's back street cindy paulson also has the wood fire grill we've got market we've got cook we've got amazing restaurants here and then we've got our wineries our wineries are amazing obviously that's the reason people really come to to to salina and to napa valley is to taste our award-winning wines and then our shopping of course it's all it always does come back to the shopping this is what brings people to saint lina as i said it's napa valley's main street it really is something for everyone and on that note i'm going to pick the drink that's right for me which one are you grabbing uh i'm in the middle of the middle oh look at you you two are gonna fight away with that one okay well i'll give you this one pam and i will take this one and uh cheers happy holidays from st helena

- 10 Wine Tasting Party Tips | HGTV: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] host a low maintenance and fun wine and Cheese party that won't break the bank with these 10 simple tips cheers keep it simple by selecting three wines for your party one red one white and one bubbly you'll need a half bottle of wine per person for every two hours of your party or more if Aunt Judy is coming we all have an Aunt Judy personalized Dollar Store glasses by dipping them in colored chalkboard paint guests can take glasses home as party favors chill each wine to its optimal temperature before guests arrive make hang tags for the wine to provide guests with info about each one for the first course serve easy to find and budget friendly Supermarket cheeses pick select C with a variety of flavor profiles pair with snacks like nuts dried fruits and crackers that you can buy in bulk that will complement the cheeses you selected add color and texture by dressing your cheese plate with simple herbs tied in kitchen twine to create a designer looking presentation for the second course serve easy pre-made or store-bought one bite appetizers as a pet cleanser serve a citrus ice that you can make ahead putting a little effort into presentation like this will really wow your guests super cute a small serving is all that's needed for a decadent dessert serve store-bought truffles to end the evening check out our site for more ways to party

  Top Comments:
  1. @kaitlyn8593 [2 likes]: someone have a wine party with me i have no friends:D
  2. @TanisaNadira: Very nice and informative video! Will definitelyl use some of these great tips.

- How to Host an Unforgettable Dinner Party: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Gabe Kennedy this is Kitchen lab I'm here with Candace Kumai author of clean Green eats Wellness journalist and friend and we're going to run through the common mistakes of entertaining and how to fix them first thing that you're doing wrong you didn't plan your playlist I get very frustrated when I go to a party and the music sucks think about the playlist think about the emotions that you want to evoke and then curate something very true when I teach men how to throw a really nice you know sexy night with their girl I always tell them that music is key and you should put some thought into it instead of just hitting Spotify or Pandora or whatever you do now mess up how many times have you gone to a party and it's clicky our tip encourage people to mingle encourage single people to talk with couples and the couples to split up right and that's a great thing to walk away from a party with new human connection we are so tied to this digital age we don't really connect as humans with our hearts and exactly and you bring up a great point which is you don't collect the cell phones how do you fix it put a cell phone Basket in your entryway give me the phone and once we put out your beautiful food we can take an Instagram break and everyone can Instagram It ultimately people will be really grateful it actually feels good to digitally detox it's like you're going to Bali number four you're not giving people a place to put their cups in plates I feel like I'm always walking around and I'm like here here have a drink Candace I'm holding my stuff and I'm like but then I eat even in New York City we don't have a lot of space but you can certainly make some space you can put out an extra side table you can make some counter space get those appliances added there for your dinner party we could just flip over the cell phone box and let people put their cups and plates there number five you're waiting for the last minute so we're going to show you how to make a make AE head meal you can do the night before perfect and then you make it and plate it up in front of your friends when they arrive and then they think you're really fancy you want to start with your dressing this is a Dijon vinegarette with a little bit of apple cider vinegar don't it on last you want to see how much you're consuming for your guest so we got nice rain going in here and we love quinoa ahead of time this can actually hold really well overnight if you needed to dress it and then you just want to leave the apples and the kale for the next day we want to add our kale greens in we just give it a nice toss and the apples you want to make sure that we're keeping apples in acidified water right or just you know put a little bit of lemon juice on top of them so papitas go in here that looks beautiful Candace you're so trendy you got kale inoa and papitas and Fuji apples from Japan and then we also have this gorgeous cabacha squash and it's full of nutrients which people don't know about I want to plate one too this Segways into our other common mistake which is you're not enlisting your friends help get people to participate we all want to do something and we all want to feel like we're a part of the party so I feel like the kitchen's my safe Zone whenever I like what can I do what can I chop can I clean anything you know because that's what my my contribution right it's all about delegating tasks to everybody so that they feel complet and together Candace thank you so much for all of your help and wonderful wisdom now that we've shared with you our most common entertaining mistakes and how to fix them we hope that you have a splendid and successful dinner party we're going to dig into this beautiful salad don't forget to go to Bon app.com for more entertainment tips also subscribe to our YouTube channel follow along happy entertaining

  Top Comments:
  1. @oliviatorisk9271 [40 likes]: The most important thing should be making your guests feel comfortable... having a cellphone basket is just weird.
  2. @ritikakumar81 [17 likes]: "it's like you're going to Bali"
  3. @cfg1110 [13 likes]: this is why trump won.
  4. @Legolas2 [12 likes]: If someone told me to put my phone in a basket, I'd leave.
  5. @nadiamontague862 [11 likes]: This guy is super intense
  6. @marquesadiablo6155 [8 likes]: Sounds like the lamest party ever! Nobody invite this guy to your party !
  7. @Galissag [8 likes]: Wow this the cringiest things i've seen in a while. Ew.
  8. @cuddlypandas2995 [6 likes]: Yeah...no...
  9. @lizzie1897 [5 likes]: I hate going to dinner parties with music. Conversation is a battle with the noise
  10. @Chicklepickleisme [5 likes]: If someone asked me to put my phone in a basket I would leave. How pretentious.
  11. @yorocco1 [5 likes]: Could this guy be more annoying?
  12. @jonathanedwards6366 [5 likes]: Ridiculous.....cell phone basket?
  13. @camelbro [3 likes]: How to lose all of your friends in one night ❤
  14. @BethsMom [3 likes]: Lol i would  definitely refuse to put my phone in a basket. I'm not 13. I would also probably not go back to their house again to be insulted like that. If your friends are adults they wouldn't be on their phones the whole time at your party anyway.
  15. @gajayjay [3 likes]: Lol these people are dull who would waste time going to their party
  16. @agcaoiliproductions9580 [2 likes]: Yo goober! Where’s the meat?!
  17. @afkhoso [1 likes]: I actually like the phone basket idea, of course it would need to be thought out better since they're expensive and prone to scratching in a basket all together. I'm thinking out loud, maybe have guest put it in an identifiable colorful sock, e.g. red is John's. 😅. Idk i like the idea but i see that many commenters are very against it. Why, please explain?
  18. @cindirocks322: Why all the head spinning?   This could be interesting.
  19. @blbreptiles4126: This lacks testosterone
  20. @BK-hp6fv: I searched for this after following horrible stoned thoughts to their inevitable conclusion, I'm terrified that its a reality

- Inside a Secret Dinner Party in the Middle of the Aspen Mountains | Sponsored by Patrón Tequila: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi am Matt zubad from Little Nell in Aspen Colorado here cooking an amazing brunch for Patron at the secret dining Society at this amazing house doing amazing food with amazing cocktails it's JazzFest weekend we have a really exciting scavenger hunt our guests right now are looking for Clues to find out where their destination is and then their next clue will lead them here to this beautiful house we came up with a lot of Mexican influenced items because of what we like to eat with Patron and we have a mixologist pairing some fun cocktails with this should make it a lot of fun so today is a great experience for these masters of their craft in the Realms of culinary and Mixology well thank you very much we try to cook food that dreams are made of it's been great to come up here to Aspen when I first came and saw this property I was like yeah I totally want to make drinks here cuz this is ridiculous my style is really inspired by classic cocktails in our surrounding ings we're here for the patron secret dining Society Beyond this door secret how you doing great how are you today good thanks some prawns yes these are head-on Blue Water prawns this be going for a bloody Maria plate that we're doing for course one today really yeah bloody Maria yep deconstructed let's make a salad out of it right this cocktail that you have with this first course is a black tea infused aoka Reposado tequila with apricot marmalade and grapefruit juice oh oh you got the oh yeah cheers you guys nice to see you too how's it going good yeah what do you got for us today oh we got some fun our derves we're working on Riff on a seven layer bean dip and then we got some uh queso fundido with some tereso stuffed squash blossoms this dish is a little rifon a Chila killes dish a dish originated in Mexico with leftover tortillas from the night before so we actually made fresh ones for you and I have a little duck Fetti and so you have duck comy in here with the farm fresh duck egg on top and the pairing for this is really phenomenal everyone knows a Moscow Mule this is just so much better because it's tequila and I made a fresh ginger and Sage soda with the Roa silver a little bit of lime juice some basil seeds for your Omega-3s to keep you focused throughout the day the inspiration behind this dessert was a classic churro so we decided to incorporate a lot of citrus and then we used the EXO coffee and Infuse that with a little bit of orange Noir chocolate from Varona this was the first cocktail that I thought of because I stepped out here I thought about Colorado and how beautiful the Rockies are this is the Roa ano with dram apothecaries pine syrup which is made from fresh pine needles and citrus Medica bitters enjoy it's a great thing to work with one company because you can get familiar with their flavor profile so it lets you really get creative with yours so right now we've wrapped with brunch and we've got a couple of dessert cocktails for everyone that we're serving by this beautiful little Lake and dragon deer's playing some tunes serving some cocktails and just having fun that's a tortilla that's a burrito that's a wrap

  Top Comments:
  1. @draeparcey9412 [2 likes]: Eating peanut butter by its self while watching this 💯
  2. @Beowolfenstein [1 likes]: This is a responds to Drae Parcey, I'm eating ramen noodles with slices hotdogs... Fuck those people dude lol.

- How to Host a Wine Tasting Party! 4 Fun Wine Tasting Games: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] ER private wines video today I want to share four extremely fun and fascinatingly interesting wine tasting exercises and say wine tasting setups that you can do you can easily organize to train your palette at analyzing wine better and more importantly have a lot of fun learning a whole lot about your favorite Vino your favorite wine style in the wine World in general you can do these trainings these taste buds workouts on your own comparing two glasses of two different wines before dinner or even better host a wine tasting party with your best wine enthusiasts friends let's dive in and you understand what I'm talking about let's go tasting one wine is delightful it's delicious it's fun it's super interesting as well sharing it with great people is certainly even better and takes the experience to another level but tasting and comparing two wines is even a whole lot more fun but what do you do to make it interesting not just more fun by simply drinking more wines well challenge yourself or your guests to see if you can understand some crucial aspects of wine by tasting them in the real world in two different wines starting with tasting two different wines of the same style so let's say the same grape variety but from different regions and countries or countries example a red Malbec from Argentina and a French Marburg possibilities are totally endless here it could be a New Zealand sauvignon blanc against a French law sauvignon blanc a Napa Valley against a Washington state Cabernet or if you're more advanced or your your knowledge in tasting abilities are a little greater go more granular squeeze the same country and same grape but different regions like a high altitude Malbec as you get from the club versus the Mendoza Malbec which is lower in altitude you'll definitely notice the difference there in Napa versus Sonoma Cabernet or San Diego from canti versus one from the Tuscan Coast Pinot Noir from the village of pomar in burgundy versus one from Von Roman if you really confident about your tasting abilities it's just so interesting to approach wine that way if you can aim for wines that are roughly within the same price range to make it fairer simply on each region one against the other if you have a big price variation well it's not all that fair so get wines of roughly the same price and run the price comparison test in another testing setup as we'll talk about in just a minute also here preferably lineup wines that are about the same age not too big a gap in vintages otherwise you get a big impact from the sellering and the Aging roughly the same age and you'll be fine of a wine is a crucial aspect to its quality and possibly the most fascinating aspect to explore which is the fun comparison test we've just discussed but if you want to go deeper into a single area bring face-to-face two bottles of the exact same y from two different vintages same wineries same grape but from different years this will probably require a little research beforehand to see and understand how two vintages may have been different from one another some vintages especially in the new world California Argentina can be very similar so you want a warmer growing season against the colder one for example or wet season in Bordeaux against a very dry one for example if you want to better understand the effect of Aging or sellering on a wine compare a young vintage versus an older one like the same one but 10 years apart 10 years older all line up many different different vintages of the same wine same Winery but over a long period of time if you want to organize such a tasting and you tell a winery that this is your favorite Vino and you want to organize this line up with your wine enthusiast friends a wine club a lot of them will be more than welcome to help you and maybe help you get some old advantages of that wine so you have a really complete and really fascinating experience a little tip from wine professional when we taste different wines of different regions but roughly the same vintage we call this a horizontal tasting more like a geographical tasting horizontal when you taste wines from different vintages the same wine this is called vertical tasting so if if you talk to anybody about lining up different wines of the different vintages of the same wine that's a vertical tasting good to know exploring further say you have a favorite wine style your favorite grape you also have a favorite area you love Pinot Noir from the Central Coast of California for example or you love Chianti from Italy orega from Spain well simply line up wines from different producers from that area what can be fun if you do that how I would advise you to do it would be to print out spec sheets of each wine from each producer's website prior to the tasting and have it on hand next to you but do not study them at all before the tasting if you know beforehand that the wine has more Oak than the other or it has more alcohol or its form more Limestone rich soil in a cooler climate then you when you get to tasting you would smell the wine and you'll try to match what you smell to what you know what you've read about the wine and that's not ideal you might get yourself influenced you influence yourself in believing you smell more Oak in that wine for example it's best to start the other way around start from what you smell in a particular wine not knowing exactly how it was made or what the intention was behind the wine from the winemakers and then try to match that afterwards to the spec sheet if you can and explain oh yeah this wine seems richer and I can see I can tell that it has a little more alcohol than that one doing it this way you learn a lot faster if you're somewhat blind to what you're tasting you can even go fully blind tasting which is probably the real real best way fastest way to learn more this is probably the most fun one here compare wines of different price tags to one another and make sure you and no one can tell which one is which a proper blind tasting it has to be to be fun so you can cover up the bottles really well with aluminum foil or a paper bag you get those paper bags at your local wine shops sometimes that fit the bottles really well you can grab an entry-level cabernet from a winery for example and lining up against a reserve cap for example or one of their single Vineyards to compare how they are different in which one you like best or you can compare a Pinot from the bottom shelves at your local wine shop to a premium one you can throw a third medium Ranch in there and mix them up really well just to throw everyone out with this plant tasting those are really always extremely entertaining and you hear a lot of people saying different things which which one they think is the most expensive for this reason or that reason it's always great to to understand what people think and you know how people get food sometimes with the price tags it's a good thing to know yourself what you like also really well which is very important sometimes you'll find out that you actually don't like the best or the most expensive wine the most you happy with the mid-range or you really quite like that entry level Pinot that you just bought you've just found yourself a good everyday cheap wine to go with and these were my four tips to organizing a fantastic wine tasting party with your friends the people you love anybody who is interested in wine or just have fun yourself digging loving to compare different wines and having fun is always the best way to learn more easily these were my tips I hope you enjoyed the video and I will see you soon in the wonderful world of Vino cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @mickeylee2624 [1 likes]: Bravo!  Keep these informative videos coming, Julien!
We enjoy food pairing comparisons (select 2-3 wines and pair with the same meal), which helps to understanding the wines as well as how they can enhance different foods!

- Michel Chasseuil: The Man Behind a 50M€ Wine Cellar | FULL DOCUMENTARY: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] In my 20ies, I started taking a few bottles of wine from my parents seller because back then in those days we mostly drank cider. We didn't know about all the gruid such as Petruse, which in fact at the turn of the century people would drink while out hunting on Sunday mornings. It really shows how much things have changed. I'd go and buy a few bottles of Burgundy, but at the time the quality wasn't great. People would say to me, "Why are you going to Burgundy to get booze? I went to do my military service in Strasburg." I was 20 at the time. When I was on leave, I stopped by in Paris. My father, who'd served in the military and was passionate about aviation, would tell me stories about pioneers like me and Giname. I started to think that maybe I could see myself working at DU. So I went to the personnel office and that's when I discovered the world of aviation and its secrets. I would take clients out to restaurants to maintain good relationships and boost airplane sales. That's when I started ordering fine wines at these top restaurants and that's where I learned about the GR crew with the help of the Sumelier who introduced me to the Medor and Santi Gr. After a fall in sales of the Rafal airplane, the company decided to offer a severance package with a bonus to a number of employees. They told me, "You're not going to have a big pension. Leaving your job at 47 means you won't get much when you retire." And that's when I realized I should invest my severance package and part of my bonus into wine. Here I'm unpacking a box of Chat Petruse Magnums. individual. I keep them in individual cases so no one knows what they are. If people realize it's Petru, they could get stolen. Given their value, there's at least 200,000 worth in here. Here I'm unpacking a double magnum. You have to be able to prove the bottles are authentic. So, you can't open the cases. I remember when I was around 15 or 16, he would scour auction rooms for rare and valuable bottles. But he often struggled financially to afford even a few of them. 5,1502 5,200 50 5,250 5,300. Sometimes he would end up taking my savings, the money I'd received as gifts from my grandparents and parents over the past 15 years. He came to see me one evening and he said, "I had to take your savings. I'm sorry, but I'll pay you back later. Don't worry." 6,200 6,300 sold for 6,300. 200074. Listen, I've got a rooster. I'm very proud of the fact that the rooster is France's emblem. Because you see, this rooster will fight to the death. It'll peck at my calves and attack me with its spurs. I sometimes fight it off with my rake, but it never gives in. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28oo I have a wine celler that's 28 m long by 6 m wide. No wonder it took 3,000 concrete blocks and five or six pallets of cement. Plus, to reinforce the cellar, we added 50 cm of surface covering on top of the reinforced concrete slabs with ventilation shafts. That means there's no air conditioning. The natural temperature ranges from 8° in the winter to 15° in the summer. When I was younger, his passion was all consuming. My father also had a second home that we were always fixing up during holidays and weekends. He didn't always have a lot of time to spend with me. We hardly ever went on holiday. We had to focus on renovating the house, expanding the cellar, and buying bottles to keep growing the collection. Good. Come on, boy. If you can hear me. Hi, Mr. Rooster. So here we are in my personal cellar. We have all kinds of wines. Bordeaux, Burgundy, Shaton, Dup, some from Crimea as well as Serns. There are some large bottles such as Magnums, Double Magnums, Jerry Bowms, Imperials, Methuselas, Salmanazars, basically the whole range of large-siz bottles. This is for my friends and family for when I host dinner parties. And over there, that dark spot, that's the dungeon for troublemakers. I was told one day you're going to get attacked. Oh, I was joking. By the way, it's not a dungeon. It's where I keep the secret for curve. This is where I make a sort of pen sha. Let's go and check it out together. The nectar. This small dungeon is actually where I make my only cur sort of pino. So here's the nectar in question. A little gem. These liquors were made by Mushui who died a few years ago. He crafted 33 different varieties using ingredients like holly, slow, rowan, elderberry, truffle, and even garlic. Do you know what's in this case? It's quantro from Guring. This case came all the way from Germany. A case of 12 bottles of quantro. And someday I'll give it a taste. They say that after 70 years it develops a different flavor like the chhatros from Teragona. Hallelujah. Even share us. Here's the complete Petrus collection, ranging from 1945 to today. There's one bottle on display and another in the case. The oldest ones are from 1914, 1928, and 1934. And here you've got them in 12 bottle cases. from 1971 onward. In the 1980s, before the famous Titanic film, I went to an auction in Versailles where they had bottles of 1805 Napoleon cognac and Mari Bizar that was served on the Titanic. The bidding started at 300 Franks, then 400 Franks, and no one seemed interested. I put up my hand, and just like that, I won 10 gold flake marriage bottles. Everyone in the room was laughing. But after the Titanic movie hit the Shaniliz, the Mari Brisar company called me and said, "We would like to buy your Goldflake Mari Brisar bottle for €10,000." And at that auction, there were also bottles of 1805 Napoleon cognac. None of the restaurant owners who were there for the Gong wines showed any interest in the cognac. So I put up my hand and asked if I could get one or two bottles. My friend said, "Grab both. You can sell one to pay for the other." I was low on cash, so I went with two bottles. And that's how I ended up with Napoleon's personal bottles from 1805 from the chat deontl. One day, I got a call from Mr. Shamuti, a brandy producer from Ukraine. He'd heard of me and seen me online and he wanted to invite me to his estate for a 50-year-old brandy tasting. To us, brandy is what we call cognac. During that visit, I met someone who said, "You have bottles from Napoleon's cellar, but I have one from Hitler's cellar." He said, "After the war, while the French were taking the silverware, we raided Hitler's Eagle's Nest and found this bottle. My great-grandfather had it. I asked him how much he earned each month. And he said, " $150." I told him, "Listen, if you find the bottle, I'll pay you a month's salary." So the next day, he came back to the hotel with the bottle, which had a photo of Hitler from 1942. It was a gift Hitler had given to his officers. Here you have a complete collection of EKM from 1900 to 2014 with one bottle for each year. I also keep a second bottle of each in reserve in case we need to recondition any of the bottles. And here's the incredibly rare 1811, which sold for $100,000 in Hong Kong a decade ago. The 1811, 1847, and 1921 are the three most sought after bottles from the last two centuries. Finding all three together is quite a feat. Well, here are the renowned Roman Conti bottles. I have about 40 different bottles with one case per year from 1971 onward. The highlight is the 1945 which went for $500,000 at Christiey's auction in Geneva. Not too long ago, when I bought this bottle in the 80s, it cost me 3 months salary, 115,000 Franks. I never dreamed it would someday be worth $450,000. Early one morning, I got a call. Hello, Mr. Chass. Yes, speaking. This is the principality of Monaco. His highness would like to visit your collection. I thought it was a joke. I said, "Cut it out." I figured it was just a friend playing a prank, but they assured me. No, no, no. I'm Colonel Franon the butler. This is very serious. I had heard from various sources that there was a collector in France gaining some recognition. I thought I'd check if it was possible to meet him. He agreed to meet with me and the small delegation that I brought along. I had a rough idea of his appearance, but he was much shorter than I had imagined. The prince came to see my collection. We were cataloging everything, and I could see he was genuinely bowled over. The experience was astonishing on many levels. The more we explored the seller, the rarer and more incredible the bottles became. I wanted to get his autograph. Of course, an hour passed, then two, then three, and I thought, I guess the autograph isn't going to happen. I asked him about how he managed to get certain cases and bottles. After we left the cellar and moved over to the kitchen, I asked, "Your highness, could I please have your autograph?" And he sat down at the table and said, "Yes, of course, Mr. Shassi." It was a spontaneous gesture. I can't quite explain how I felt in that moment. Later on, I was invited to the principality. It was a dream come true being there with Princess Caroline, with her son and Prince Albert. We enjoyed some exceptional wines in their private quarters. What makes a bottle of wine more sought after than another is its rarity. The rarer it is, the more people want to taste it, to hold it, to see it, making it all the more valuable. For a bottle to be considered rare, it can't just come from some unknown wine maker experimenting with 300 different bottles. That won't catch anyone's attention. It needs to come from a respected and recognized producer. People who seek out collectible bottles are often misunderstood. These aren't wines meant to be drunk. They're meant to be admired. And not everyone has the opportunity or the insight to grasp why these bottles are revered so highly. Right. It's Sunday, so let's give ourselves a treat. We're going to make a nice beef stew border style just to jazz it up a little. Yes, a bur binor is the classic. With a good bottle of Bordeaux, you'll get a whole different set of flavors. So, let's do it. Three or four onions. Nice and slow. Now some little potatoes from the ild. These look really good. Right into the pot they go. While that simmers, let's head to the cellar and pick out some nice booze. Not just any Bordeaux, but something with a bit of depth. Now that's got some texture. 1983. Perfect for a Bordeaux style beef dish, if you ask me. I always say that like in the best restaurants, a good wine makes a great sauce. This one's aged well. It's what we call a bit twile, which is normal given its age. We use the term twi when it turns slightly reddish brown with time. Let's pour it slowly into the sauce. And no, I definitely won't be using my prized 1931 Noval. Yes, indeed. I did manage to get my hands on the legendary 1931 Noval, the world's best port. One time in Paris, I was tasting ports with some top restaurant owners, and one of them said, "I've got a 63." And I said, "You've got a 63, a whole case." And then I asked, "But what about the 31?" He said, "Oh, sir, for 31, that's impossible to find. It's the port of the century." Then someone said, "Oh, there's an Englishman who's selling a bottle." Of course, the Brits, they're the experts when it comes to port, madiraa, and cherry. They're 10 years ahead of us. I went over to see him, and he said, "Yes, I've got one, but it'll cost you several bottles of Petrus if you want it." So, I offered him six bottles of Petrus 85. Are you joking? He said, turns out he knew exactly what it was worth. two full cases of Petrus 85, he said. Oh man, I thought it was over. I went back the next day with two cases of Petrus 85. The guy was a bit stunned and he handed over the 31 and into the cellar it went. And just recently I saw an ad in Asia saying looking for any Norville National 1931 asking price $100,000. My two cases of Petrus 85 are nowhere near worth $100,000. So in the end I actually got another pretty sweet deal. I'm just making my little tart, but the fact is I ended up being ranked among the top 10 collectors in the world. Who would have thought I'd make it to number one? Yep. Two of them turned out to be frauds. One's in prison. Another guy in Germany has been around for ages and one passed away from cancer. So now I'm the number one collector in the world. I guess you can say sometimes fate works in mysterious ways. So many fakes have been sold at auctions that one day Morin Donaire, a renowned wine expert, showed up at my place with a colleague. I saw her arriving with scanners, magnifying glasses, and lamps to check the labels. This expert was on a mission to track down counterfeiters worldwide. And they figure that the guy from Lashelbat must have some fakes in his cellar. Unfortunately for them, there wasn't a single fake to be found. These days, the best way to ensure a bottle is genuine is to buy it directly from the estate that produced it. So now I'm heading out of my little hotel and setting off to cover the entire Burgundy vineyard, visiting all my producers from Mau to Shamberta. So, I'm off to collect my little [Applause] Today we're at Domin Marsh, a prestigious estate with a plot called La Grand, right next to the Dom Romani. I've been coming here regularly for about 30 years to stock up. Here we'll be tasting a selection of GR crew and crew including Grand Shis and others. We're being graciously hosted by the daughter who's in charge of the sellers. That's what you call the seller master, right? Exactly. So, we are moving on to the wine tasting. It's an introduction to the vintage wines that will shortly become part of my collection and of course Vujo as well. There must be around 50 different owners of that vineyard. 56 owners with 85 producers. Can you imagine Vujo is divided between 50 different owners. So when someone says they've had Claude Devour, it doesn't really mean much. You need to specify which claou you had. As each owner has their own section of the vineyard and each section produces a different wine, the wine- making process also varies. So, it's crucial to mention the owner's name when you say you've had a cla de vour. When Mr. Sheri first started visiting the estate, he brought his wine out of pure passion and would eat sandwiches and sleep in his car, preferring to spend all his money on his hobby. That's the memory we have of him. It's been that way for a long time. Actually, it's always been like that. Well, thank you. Okay. See you soon. And here's to good health above all. You, too. And how old are the kids now? Oh, they're 12 now. So, here we are at the Romany Conti estate. Typically, you need an appointment to visit, but I come every year to pick up my case. The clientele is already set in stone. And each customer has their allowance every year. Oh, I go to around 15 in a day. So, I'm here to pick up my prized MU from the Kosh Duri estate, one of the most prestigious estates in Burgundy. White wine, of course. Is this the way to the cellar? Yes, downstairs. Because it's a new cellar. Oh, yes. Here are the cases. Let's put them in the boot. Yes. Can we get the cases first? The renowned domier. I get a bottle of mine every 5 years and I'm quite lucky. Anyway, I don't sell them because obviously private buyers who buy and then resell them for five or six times the price. Well, see you next year then. See you next year, Mr. Cheso. Have a good trip. Goodbye. What I admire is that he didn't just come with a watt of cash saying, "I'll buy this bottle. I'll buy that one." No, he was patient and worked closely with the wine makers exchanging bottles in the process. It's a huge amount of work, but most of all, it's meticulous work because he didn't force any of it. He just stayed persistent, and that indeed deserves recognition. I had the build for running. So I was selected to run the New York Marathon in 1979. There were three of us from Duo. And before we left, they told me, "Well, you'll get to taste some chat deso with the Americans from Maso's estate." So I completed it in 3 hours and 15 minutes. I was quite the athlete, as they say. And in the evening, we enjoyed our shuttle des. Then I met some American friends after the marathon at Central Park. Oh, we've got some Pomerall at home. Really? Shut Fetty Cle. I didn't know Fetty Cle at the time. Yes, but we haven't heard from them for two years. A lovely lady runs it and she used to send us six bottles every year for the holiday season. So, I went back to my job at Dao and I looked up clean. I found the number, called the I heard a voice saying, "Oh, help. Help. I'm thirsty. I'm hungry. They've taken all my stuff. what's going on? I told my colleague, "Do you hear that? What's this all about?" And we thought it was just an old crank. So, we hung up. And a week later, I called again and got the same message. It was clear something serious was going on. I had the time to do whatever I wanted, so I decided to leave at 3:00 a.m. and drive 600 km in my old Peugeot 204. It's about an 8-hour drive. I planned to drive through the night to get there at dawn and then back to work at Desau. As I drove along the motorway, I kept asking myself, "What am I doing? What's the point of this? What am I going to find?" And I kept driving and driving until finally I arrived in Pomer. I spent half an hour circling around before I finally saw Chat Fit painted on a wall. What a relief. The fog was starting to lift and I was exhausted. I pulled into the courtyard and then I saw a dog chained up and barking furiously and there was a man there looking quite rough with two missing front teeth. He asked, "What are you doing here? Who are you?" And I was confronted by this man who was obviously tasked with keeping the lady inside. Amidst the shouting, the shutters of the house began to open slowly and I saw a face just the nose and eyes and the head of an older woman with long straggly hair and a look of deep sadness and I said, "Hello, good morning." Immediately her eyes lit up. Here was a woman who had been held captive for months. Maybe here was a glimmer of hope, an English-sp speakaking person. Could it be possible? maybe he'll be able to help me. And I quickly asked her, "How are you, Madame Dog?" She said, "Oh, I'm so hungry and thirsty," speaking in both French and English at the same time. I went inside and saw everything scattered on the floor, dishes, clothes, shirts, photos. She said to me, "Since 1977, I've had everything taken from me. I was so starved. I had to remember the survival training from the American Commando courses that I'd taken." She told me I was collecting worms from the ditches in Pome, eating pine nuts that I gathered from umbrella pine trees, catching crickets and scavenging for whatever I could find here and there. I left for Paris thinking, "This is unbelievable. What did I just witness? What a story this old lady in Pomerall has." So I said to my friend, "Come back with me to Bordeaux and you can sit in the back with the old lady while I drive and we'll take turns. I returned to Bordeaux a week later, picked up Mrs. Dome, and drove her back to Paris. And since I just separated from my wife, there were no family complications to deal with. I had time to take care of this lady and be curious enough to find out what was going on and to host her at my place. I mean, she hadn't showered in 6 months. The smell was awful. Like a barnyard, we say. So, I took off her dirty, greasy Astroan coat and put it to one side. I put her in the bathtub and the water quickly turned into something that looked like manure because she was so filthy. She hadn't washed in 6 months. Just muck. My son came in and said, "Dad, what's going on with this old lady? Give me the scissors." I cut through her blouse, her clothes, even her underwear, and tossed everything into the laundry basket. And there she was, stuck naked. this poor old lady who was like, "Oh, in the bathtub making the most of it." I thought to myself, "This is quite a scene." I said to Jeremy, "Hand me those old pajamas and the old dressing gown." I gave her the dressing gown and we sat down to eat. I watched as this radiant old lady enjoyed her meal. We'd made a stew and I saw her eating and then hiding some bread. What was she doing? She was hiding pieces of bread, stashing them away whenever we weren't looking. She must have thought it might not last. I cared for this lady for six years from 79 to 85. Jeremy was 12 and had already started in secondary school. She taught him English. She was like his granny calling him my darling. We became a little family. Time went on in this way and I ended up becoming her legal representative. If anyone thought I was taking care of her out of self-interest, I can only say that when I first met her, I had no idea that Chateau Fit was hers through her late husband's inheritance. In 1985 she died from a blood clot at New York hospital and that's when my lawyer informed me Mr. Shasser she has named you the sole heir to the vineyards of chat fetit clean. I discovered who Jean Gabrielle Dome was, the famous painter known for his paintings of long necked women. I managed to recover a few of his less notable paintings from the attic as most of the valuable ones had been looted. I had Madame Dome laid to rest in Azha in the family tomb carved and sculpted by the painter himself, complete with a magnificent crest depicting the family patriarch. It was then lying in pieces. As time passed, my son grew up and became an anologist. To honor her memory, I decided we needed to do something special. So instead of calling it Chat Fet, we created a Ku Marg. One year, we had labels printed in her honor and crafted a special cu named Ku Maris Dome. Over the 40 years I've been collecting wine, I've crossed paths with hundreds of people. Just to give you an idea, I've got all the business cards from those encounters right here. And there are still just as many here. I end up sorting them into little piles by country, by champagne. Sometimes I get a call. Hello, this is Jepierre. Jean Pierre? Sure, but which Jeepierre? I know seven of them. He's got no idea. I don't have a secretary or a computer. Everything's organized in the oldfashioned way. If I had all the resources to fulfill my dreams, it wouldn't be to buy a Rolls-Royce or a private jet. Instead, I'd build a kind of louv for wine. A grand international museum for posterity, a place to teach, to showcase to the public, a cultural center for wine tasting. So, here are the plans for my wine museum. I'm just waiting on the building permit. You see, that's my house. The current seller holds 40,000 bottles, but the plan is to extend it into a 50 m long space that would reach all the way to the little path over there. We're going to start by digging out the cellar, setting it up, and covering it. So, they arrived just over a week ago with a truck and an excavator. They dug out more than a 100 truckloads, which we deposited in the field over there, the field with the deer, and it's still too small. I built the first cellar in 1990, and by 2000 it was full. And in 2000, I renovated the cellar you see now. By 2020, it was full again. So, I'm hoping this one will last until 2041 when I'll turn 100. When I think about it, I've got 6,000 of these slats with 25,000 screws. Oh, the work. 500 partition walls to place side by side, 30 cm apart to store the cases and build 4,000 compartments. Before I can even start on this wine temple extravaganza, it's going to take a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, I reckon. Come here. It fits. Oh, check this out. This is the champagne of choice for American rappers and singers. Can you imagine? A goldplated Jerry bow arm de Brinyak champagne. Very well known. They bring these bottles to celebrate, to party. I'm very careful with this bottle. I can assure you I take care of it. Let's get some of this dust off. Fitting the shelves. That's what's the most time consuming. I need 21 12 cm for this one. Hope it'll fit. After sorting my 50,000 bottles into their respective compartments, white wine, red wine, I'm in the alcoholarium. And among the 3,000 or 4,000 bottles, one of the last bottles was a port from 1941, the year I was born. Here's the outfit I wore during the six months I spent organizing my sellers. I was too lazy to shave in the morning. So, for the last 40 days, I've been sporting these old velvet trousers and this goatey beard. The mustache could work, but it does look a bit strange. It's true that lately I've been gaining more and more global recognition, but there's a downside. One morning, bright and early, I was kidnapped, held hostage, and tortured by 11 thugs. I was sleeping peacefully in bed around 7 or 8:00 when the doorbell rang. Dingdong, ding, dong. A delivery this early? What's going on? It's usually later. So, I slipped into my pajamas and rushed to the door, thinking I might miss the delivery if I'm not quick. I opened the door, saw no one around, and as I stepped outside, I spotted a truck parked against the wall with someone inside. I said, "What's going on?" They replied, "It's a wine delivery." The guy sat down a wine box and said, "Now sign the delivery slip." And just as I bent down to pick up the box, the UPS truck, part of the whole setup, opened up and out popped four guys with AK-47s shouting, "Don't move or you're dead." And at that moment, I thought, "So, today's the day." Because I'd been hearing for ages, "With all the talk about your wine celler, you're bound to get robbed eventually." They dragged me into the first cellar. I saw only four of them initially, but there were 11 thugs in total. They'd come to steal some cases of wine with four trucks from up north for their boss. They took me down into the first small cellar and started hitting me, demanding, "Where's the key to the armored cellar?" They tortured and beat me up. At one point, they said, "Hold on. He's going to give us a key." Then they told one of them, "Tie his hands with duct tape." So there I was, hands bound together with duct tape. And then I had this huge brute, a guy about six feet tall, right in front of my face, twisting my fingers until I was screaming. The others could hear me shouting from a distance, let me tell you. In the end, my little finger was so messed up, the nerves were torn, and it was flailing around uncontrollably. Suddenly, I saw one of them show up with a shotgun and two shells, saying, "I'm going to shoot you in the stomach." I said, "I don't have the key." Another one came with two screwdrivers and put one each side of my neck and he said, "I'm going to stab you in the neck if you don't give me the key." Damn it. You're desperately trying to find a way to survive. And it seemed like I was growing more resilient to the torture. Since my hands were already bound together with duct tape, I kept repeating, "Oh God, help me. Oh God, help me. Oh God, help me." They couldn't kill me, otherwise they'd leave empty-handed, so I wasn't afraid of dying. But in my mind, it was all about preventing them from getting through the armored door. And then they realized they weren't going to break me. So they left, locking me inside the cellar with the heavy oak door and its massive bolt. So there I was, trapped in my own cellar behind that godforsaken door. I thought to myself, maybe this is my chance to escape. But I knew that as soon as I tried to get away, they'd spot me and say, "Look, he's trying to escape." And I'd end up getting beaten even more. So I had to think quickly. The situation was about survival. Maybe I could break down the door. I had a heavyduty strut filled with glass that I sometimes use when I'm away for a week. I grabbed it and struck the door. Bang. But that oak door would not budge. I tried hitting the lower hinge. Bang. Bang. I managed to squeeze through a hole like a rat. And when I got out, there was nobody around. I ran up the stairs. Still no one. Finally, I made it to my brother-in-law's place and he yel, "Danielle, Danielle, call the police. I've been robbed. 15 minutes later. The village was swarming with cops and fire trucks, cars at every intersection. It looked like a full-scale manhunt and I was in my pajamas and it felt like something out of a movie. By 10:00 a.m. I was wondering what on earth was happening. They laid me down in the ambulance and took me to the hospital where I spent the entire afternoon. And then they said, "Well, we need to search your house. I said, "Wait, it's 7:00 p.m. I have friends coming to visit my little wine seller. They'll be upset if I'm not there." Don't worry, Mr. Chass. Let's go, guys. And with the sirens blaring, the cops guiding us through the streets. We reached Chapel Borto just 10 minutes later. I saw all my friends at the back. Hey, Michelle, you're late again. What's going on? They had no idea what had happened. A copper went up to them and said, "You know, Mr. Shass with what's just happened to him." Really? Oh, well, yes. Well, it's true. Okay. Okay. Then we'll go home. I said, "No, no, guys. You're here now. We're not going home. Let's grab the bottles we'd planned to taste. But Michelle, given the state you're in, don't worry. I'll tell you my story. It'll help me feel better. We'll have a drink, forget what's happened, and keep going. I'm still alive. That's what matters." By midnight, everyone was in high spirits. Hey, Michelle, don't you have any more bottles? We'll all pitch in. And we kept drinking till 3:00 a.m. So, instead of being alone at home after the robbery, dwelling on what had happened, this allowed me to chat. And by 3:00 a.m., I fell asleep as if nothing had happened. Yes, most wines are meant to be drunk, but perhaps these particular bottles are more valuable than that. as they represent memories, history, and geography. They have many stories to tell. We shouldn't drink them. What happens once the bottle is empty? The story is gone. If a wine from the Napoleonic era leaves its bottle, then Napoleon himself disappears along with it. Hello, brother. It's an honor to meet you. Thank you, brother. So I'm putting on protective gloves to handle this little relic which is a book published in 1845. This book is a catalog of all the plants used in making the chart leur from Tarragona in Spain. It was considered a medicinal elixir back then. To treat the monks isolated in their Spanish monastery for 175 years, they relied on centuries of trial and error, mixing various plants to cure all sorts of ailments. They ended up using over 130 different plants. But on top of that, there are roots, lychans, and even insect wings. Nowadays, chhatros is made in Varon, France, but it's just a copy made with various crops. Most of the original plants used in the chhatros deagona no longer exist due to pollution. I thought to myself, if I ever have trouble reaching 100, at least I'll be able to have a spoonful of this chart tagona now and then as a rejuvenating remedy. Since the medicinal liquor oxidizes with air and I've already consumed 2/3 of it, I keep adding glass beads every time I drink from it. So spicy orange blossom, quint paste, candid oranges, exotic. Superb. All those wonderful years on the road searching for you. At the crossroads of our fates, your presence guided the frail child I once was and shaped me into a man. The maiden journey that so many have embarked on sparked the flame of the explorer within me. I've braved arid plains, crossed valleys with unstable cliffs, and walked the earth, driven on by the unspoken passion of a magnificent quest. From the echoes of Burgundy's bell towers to the shade of Santillon's streams, the deep roots of the vines coarse through my veins. Stone by stone, the challenges I faced were a testament to my ambition. I have sometimes faltered under the weight of my dreams. Betrayed by resolve, yet saved by audacity. Following in the footsteps carved out by cathedral builders, I have achieved the impossible through blood, sweat, and tears. This timeless creation bestows its artist with an everlasting legacy. Here lies salvation, the ultimate reward. Now it's time to reconnect at long last. Heat. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SLICE_Full_Doc [35 likes]: If you enjoyed this documentary on renowned wine lover Michel Chasseuil, be sure to check out "Vino Business" which explores the world of fine wine 🍷✨ http://bit.ly/4fbsgLf
  2. @ChaunceyYardley: A top candidate for ‘the most interesting man in the world’.
  3. @stingray427man: exquisite
  4. @felixlahaye: Hello! Is there a non-dubbed version of the documentary for french speakers?
  5. @owjianbang01: God bless michel Chasseuil , feytit Clinet is a space in my cellar run by Jeremy Chasseuil
  6. @toxygeniusc: Impressive! Hard work, passion, love and discipline...
  7. @Sever.1989.: Watched probably 20 times still not enough!
  8. @pauljordan7465: He forgot his son
  9. @jean-claudedouguet3376: The story of Mary Alice Domergue when rescued by Monsieur Chasseuil and his family is very moving.
  10. @andydidcott: Better get a move on michel, you’ve a few bottles to sup in there.
  11. @jean-francoisouimet8597: Et bien! JE suis ravie d'apprendre à vous connaître!! Quelle jeune âme! 😂❤
  12. @Wulfrygg: This guy is the 2nd coming of Louis de Funès
  13. @DJCypha: What an incredible story of a truly amazing man. What a thrilling documentary, just remarkable!
  14. @ryan.6.9.6.9: Wow I really enjoyed this.. he seems like such a genuinely good person who loves what he does..
  15. @rastislavsmerecky1384: I am saving this one to my "Ratatouille" playlist
  16. @brianfrykman7454: So fun!
  17. @balipan09: I'd love to share a bottle of Château Latour with Michel and discuss BBQ in great depth.
  18. @Brianblessed-u4j: A very artistic man, with a very intriguing story
  19. @monbeauparfum1452: Nothing worse than listening 2 voices at the same time, just subtitle it!!!
  20. @WiildCatt: What a fantastic documentary! I was captivated by the dedication, personality and happiness of Michel! This documentary was one of the best I have watched for a long time! 🎉

- Collecting Wine with Staffan Hansson: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] my parents didn't drink your wine didn't take an alcohol so I wasn't brought up with wine when I drank wine while oldest choose the cheapest one because you wanted the effect not the taste when I was around 24 I was visiting one of my suppliers in New York they were having dinner every evening I took a sip of the wine and I said my god can mine be so good when I went home go in the into store and at the cashier there was the store manager so I asked him what is the best one I ever used or and so he looked at me I was said well I have a half bottle of Mouton Rothschild from 1949 it was so good I mean tears came out of Maya it was so good the next day I go back to says how many bottles do you have I have 50 ok I said I'll take them so that's how I started of course being a wine collector seller was the key and that that was a big part of building a house of course it's not a beautiful cellar it's a lonely country quite ugly cellar but it's functional to store wine properly you don't want to spend more time than necessary because we freeze and I keep temper down there between seven and nine degrees all of these wines are really really good ready Gaffey fantastic mellow mesito 9797 was a phenomenal year for all of Italy particularly meseta grappa is normally not made in Piedmont it's made in South Tyrol this guy Romani lady he was an artist not only on the inside but also on the outside I think is the best Graf brother is in this group of wine friends that I have when we have dinners the greatest fun is to fool everybody they are all blind if you're doing why another 40 50 years old hard to tell if it's a Berg in the airport or a roller and when you get the bottle that come and the bottle comes out you see this at all I should have known that's the game I think that's what's so making so much fun the fun thing with the black glasses people think they know if you drink a white wine that is white or red wine is red which is not true I did the tasting here for 12 people I poured a very old white wine from Spain Rioja in the glass and I asked them to say tell me is it white or is it red and half said white house address is not so easy my philosophy never been to buy wine as an investment because if you do that and you have to focus just on that subject and then it's not a hobby anymore then it's a business maybe I do much wine but it's still a hobby you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryanmgkim [41 likes]: he started by buying 50 bottles of CMR, gotta be nice to be rich
  2. @Zerausoss [12 likes]: One of the best wine collector video ever. I have watched it like 10 times. I have like 250 bottles of wine but the goal is 5000 in 10 years. Steve Spurrier wine cellar is amazing too
  3. @wineasmr [11 likes]: Amazing collector. This gentleman knows what he is doing. At the end of the day wine is pleasure and not buisness
  4. @QualeQualeson [4 likes]: Interesting cellar temperature. Preserving more than aging probably, which is what you'd want when you buy wine that's already peaking.
  5. @PowPower666 [4 likes]: Dream life... Why I've been born in goddammit Russia!!???
  6. @an-wy3gh [4 likes]: So he rich ?
  7. @lancelot1 [3 likes]: That 1994 Harlan is amazing. Truly magnificent wine.
  8. @petrfrizen6078 [3 likes]: In Vino Veritas! Especially, in such a collection!
  9. @sarahwig1 [3 likes]: WOW!!!
  10. @beijin8078 [2 likes]: What an interesting house! Do you happen to have a review for it?
  11. @karlstriepe8050 [1 likes]: So what's your superpower?  I'm rich.
  12. @Opkopen: ❤
  13. @bigtaquito: BEAUTIFUL house
  14. @UnusSedLeo-w5l: Cool storage. Literally and figuratively.
  15. @SusanWarden: I want to learn wine and start collecting but I don't know where to start.  Recommendations?
  16. @afi2005: Beautiful collection Senhor Hansson.
  17. @chloeandmatthewtravel: This video just blow my mind! amazing bravo! Love this video and all the stuff you put out. I actually just posted a new video on my channel  “Exploring My Wine Collection | How can you track your wines”, and I would love to hear your thoughts since you seem to have similar interests. https://youtu.be/5Unvspe0cJY

- Extraordinary Private Wine Collection of -- Ukraine's Sotheby Of Wine: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

- Grant Cardone Wine Cellar: Kind: captions Language: en yeah look at this look at this Ryan's counting them down she's always been my dream to have a wine cellar but to have a wine cellar with that kind of stuff 2005. Chevrolet and I got a 1986 freons in the year 1975. I got this 2004 sasakaya 1985 like this is almost impossible yet this was sent to me by a partner we just did a deal and he is so excited and I feel so good about what we're doing 1982. you know what to see us like Saint Juliana that's uh I had graduated from high school yet so look guys just telling me man get around some good people do some big stuff and uh how many did you count right yeah I got a 1990 Premier ran crew I said this is probably about another 20 grand Chateau in one box can I see that Chateau uh Largo Marco Okay no Rothschild 2009. thanks amazing thank you so much he asked to not mention his name but look when you start here's a gaussian okay 1996 from Italy been in a bottle since before in 2001 internet the kids weren't even born okay we got we got Grand cruise we got Crystal Champagnes we got we got another Breon right here in 1982 man I was driving a a Ford Maverick right what were you driving in 1982 Ryan uh my mom's stomach yeah exactly you probably didn't have a driver's license thank you thank you so much brother appreciate it 1986. I know where I was I was in the mud was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up Chateau Planet 1989 he's heading to jail serious 2005 to start my business if you started push and shoving 1988 I'm going into college I have a terrible terrible drug addiction I got beat that year 76 then she's putting my head in place 1986 getting out of Hospital 1982 smoked my first joint terrible terrible terrible we got Napa valleys over here what is this a 1980 opus come on we got a canis right here we got a 19. 2007 Insignia it's hard to get this stuff today 2007. 2018 how about this 1987. Cabernet ooh that right there is ridiculous 1994 Maya ridiculous all right well look man this is possible okay do big things get around big people I got some more spots in here by the way any of you want to send me I need more French's and Italians I don't really need more Annapolis beautiful okay you big hitters right here this is a beautiful bottle of wine right here 2006. can't you get this bottle of wine right now we got right here Italian barola 2007. okay oh my God brunella 2010 oh and then I got a few little little ones down here little babies look at this got some whities look at this look at this look at this 2001. random watch 2002. go to a restaurant some of these some of these bottles are seven and eight grand 1997. crazy what a big thinker 2010 freon all right you get the point right Mama come see this look what our partner got us oh my God look at that huh oh this is French 2000s 1995 92 86 82 76. wow before you were even born benefits of doing good things big things great things with great people I'm so happy to see you [Music] hey man thank you brother appreciate it 19.99 Crystal wow 1982 were you even born no way wow 2006. you know what that cost that bottle right there six grand yeah and again guys make sure make sure you're doing some big stuff okay with great people and then all kind of things will happen for you look I'm not even a big drinker right but I will have a glass of wine to celebrate and I'll remember the bottle I'll remember the year but most importantly I'll remember the people I did it with so thank you so much appreciate it uh I know what we've done so far is nothing what we're going to do is going to be 10x that and I'm as excited as you are man thank you so much okay God bless your family foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshd2597 [2 likes]: What year is that bottle of SmartWater? That’s the good stuff!
  2. @PyroForEveryone [2 likes]: I would love to drink any bottle of these.
That being said, it seems like the most random vintage collection of mere prestige brands that I have ever seen😂😂
  3. @taurahelms3068 [1 likes]: Goodness, a wine from 1982? I was two years old. What you were driving, Ryan? My mom's stomach!🤣🤣🤣
  4. @tailhookmd2546 [1 likes]: That’s a heck of a collection!
  5. @Cmdjbx: Bro has no clue about wine and just cares about big names
  6. @rhinolb50: I thought this guy is sober?  Why does he have this?
  7. @fredinnit: Do you sell kinnle drink  ?
  8. @adranscyth1556: you handling those bottles like lemonade, typical american
  9. @colehuffman4172: I recommend the Hundred Acre cabs from Napa
  10. @TheTiger1028: This dude has no fucking clue what's in is wine cellar. Just a prime example of someone who wants to look like they have taste.
  11. @andrewbrannan8077: Knobhead!
  12. @1JustJoseph: @garyvee and you should do a podcast in there
  13. @khmernight: Dang brother share the love. Lol
  14. @Williamtipq: Grant is not your friend. Not yours or anyones.
  15. @syme1984: Your going to get your million of aliens inside you drunk!! Xeneu would not approve. I need to audit you for a few weeks.
  16. @mr.s1961: Your new wine cellar is nice, but not high tech! I want one with glass that turns opaque or transparent, all blacked out and dark with LEDs or the likes.
  17. @AA-nh6rh: Barola, Brunella lmao leave how to pronoun the wine Barolo, Brunello, Gaja shame
  18. @fijicivic24: Quit shakin then up dawg
  19. @roddymerritt: You prey on startups and entrepreneurs!
  20. @geeknack: Hi Grant
Really enjoy that you're a sucker for wine!
Born in France I cannot stress enough that drinking wine (sipping it for the most expense bottles!) is part of a good (and healthy) lifestyle.
Having guests over and sharing such delicious moments is respecting them in the full sense.
I would recommend you (if not yet the case) to purchase some additional "top of the line" brands like :
- Château Chasse-Spleen
- Côtes Rôties
- Clos Vougeot
Have a good day and keep sharing with us your amazing journey!
Laurent.

- How to Pick Good Expensive Wine | Lifehacker: Kind: captions Language: en (jazzy music) - Hi. - So, what are we looking for? - My in-laws are in town from Europe, and they are big wine people. So, I'm looking to impress them, but I'm really not looking to spend a lot. - Couple cool options we've actually got for you that might be fun. So, this is from Spain. - [Adam] Oh nice. - Okay, so Priorat is one of my favorite regions for people that like kind of more big full wines, but also like those kind of nuanced flavors. If you want something big and jammy, and one-noted this is not the wine for you. - [Adam] Okay. - If you want something that's got a little bit more kind of complexity and robustness, and still some really fresh acidity on the back end, this wine is gonna hit the spot. Clos Erasmus is the benchmark of Priorat. They're extremely classic, by the book, delicious stuff. They may have had something from these guys, but this vintage was very hard to come by. It was an exceptional vintage, but they didn't make a whole lot of wine that year. And then, we could also do, if you wanted to kick it pretty old school, we've got a 2001 Brunello Di Montalcino. - [Adam] Can you say that one more time? - Brunello Di Montalcino. - Nice. - So, this wine, not only a wine that has a little bit more prestige, and is very classic, and very big and bold, it's also got almost 20 years of age on it. So, you're starting to pick up more of those secondary flavors from that long-term aging. So, that would be sure to impress as well. - This is kind of like a beginner question, but how old should a wine be? Does it matter? - Depends on the wine. Some wines are meant to be long-lived. Like this wine, if you had drank it back in 2004, it might've seemed too tight, like it was too powerful still it needed time to rest. - But I've got other wines on the shelf, down there, that if you waited a year or two they would start to die off. But most wine is actually meant to be drank fresh and young. It's more of a rarity that wine is meant to age for a long time. - My assumption was, stupidly, always the older the better for no other reason. - Big misconception, but that can be the case with bigger, fuller-bodied wines. - Okay. - If they've got the tannin and the acidity to back it up, they'll age forever. - I gotcha ya. - But if you have a nice fresh lighter style of wine, drink it right away. - That's it, right. - Yeah, but with the stuff you're looking for for your in-laws some older stuff would be really cool. - Yeah, that'll be perfect. - Awesome, let's do it. - Cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrizzlyAirsoft1 [5 likes]: I need to know how to pick a good cheap wine lol
  2. @user34274 [1 likes]: If someone starts recommending straight away without asking you questions about what kind of wine you prefer, it’s a big red flag 🚩
  3. @danny23boy85: 2nd over expensive wine is bs https://www.realclearscience.com/blog/2014/08/the_most_infamous_study_on_wine_tasting.html
  4. @bapdawgs6088: First

- how to choose wine in a supermarket: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] there's been a revolution in wine in Scotland in the last 20 years or so with most of us dropping a bottle or two into Supermarket trolleys but when you look around the range in a supermarket like this with 300 Wines in the shelves choosing just one can be a bit of a problem take a moment to get your bearings Supermarket like this has arranged its Isles by country so if you like Italian wine go to the Italian section however if you like soing your own Blanc you may have to hunt around all of the AES to find just that Perfect Bottle most of us will choose our wines according to our budget if you normally spend a Fiverr on your wines you'll get a really good everyday bottle however if you can stretch to between 5 and10 it's a really happy hunting ground for wine and my personal favorite here the wine maker has a chance to choose his best grapes and make his best bottles over a tener and we're into the world of Fine Wine these are wines for special occasions and to be laid down to form the basis of your own seller they're also really impressive to serve to your friends at a posh dinner party beware of tempting offers half price wine well like everything else you get what you pay for so was this wine ever worth twice the price on the Shelf I'm not so sure an important thing to remember is that the tax man takes a big chunk of every bottle of wine one61 goes in juty and 15% goes in vat if you spend less than 4 25 you're spending more on the tax than you are on the stuff in the bottle supermarkets are a great place to buy wine there's a fantastic choice and there are some really good prices too but of course it's not the only way you can pop into your local Merchant where you'll get good advice and some really interesting wines and there's a whole world of choice available on the internet but wherever you buy your wine make sure you buy what you like and enjoy it

  Top Comments:
  1. @tdkmax6181: Terrbibel fucking video. You must be a Gers fan. No substance or real tips on how to buck the system. Apart from go to a wee wine shop where they'll be more snobbery and less choice.  Better still outlaw all imported  Wine and invest money in developing new drinking options  for Scotland out of the dynamics of our own land..
  2. @hairbynoella6819: AMAZING THANK YOU
  3. @majackslelo827: Nice😎, thanks for the advice😁

- How to Start a Wine Collection: Expert Guide for Beginners 🍷: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, welcome. I'm John and you're starting to think about getting that wine collection [Music] going. So, maybe you've had a few special bottles. You're intrigued by the idea of investing in wine. Whatever the current thinking, let's talk about how to start collecting wine the right way. avoid all the mistakes I made and let's learn from everybody who came before you. Okay. So, I've been doing this for a number of years and yeah, I've taken formal wine classes and I've taken certifications, stuff like that. But no, I'm not a Somier. I'm just a lawyer. I'm an investor. I just like wine a lot. Today, let's talk about results of my experience. Talk about my advice how to do this the right way. Before we get into the how, let's talk about the why. So people collect wines for a variety of reasons. They like to enjoy fine wines at their peak maturity, investment purposes, always have that perfect bottle for a special occasion, to explore and learn about wine, and just for the joy of having a collection. And so your why is going to help determine your strategy, your budget, your storage needs. But let me give you a hint as to what shouldn't be your primary why for investment purposes. So, I remember as a young kid growing up, I would have this baseball card collection, and I would love to buy and sell baseball cards and flip them. And that act was the main part of the collection for me. It was the excitement. Now, the problem with wine is that it takes so long to accumulate and for it starting to age and to hit the market correctly that ultimately that shouldn't be your number one goal. So, if your point is to purchase one to get involved in the marketplace, probably not the best idea. But the good news is if you buy it well, generally it'll go up in value. And although there's been a recent downturn, for the most part, rich people like wine. People keep drinking it. And every time somebody drinks a bottle, there's less of that particular vintage and the value goes up. So in short, you're allowed to collect for investment purposes, but you really need to enjoy drinking the wine. And that really is the main point. That is, at least for me, the greatest source of joy. critical proper storage. Wine is a perishable good. Without proper storage, you're just wasting your money. So, a few things. Temperature about 55° F. Avoid fluctuations in temperature and never let that wine sit above 70°. Humidity, 70% is ideal. You don't want mold to grow, right? So, more than 90% doesn't work. Less than 50% the cork starts drying out. And so there are a lot of options. So you get a little refrigerator, you could build a home seller, or you get professional storage. But as a starting point, just get a good wine fridge. And as your collection grows, you'll find options in the professional um storage side, too. So little bit different buying strategies depending where you are looking. So for Napa Valley, those most sought after producers, you got to get on the mailing list. And so first I would just recommend you sign up for the following mailing list. Screaming Eagle, Harland Estate, Scarecrow, 100 Acre, Bryant Family, Kogan Bond. And what's important about these is you are not obligated to buy the wines, but they have multi-year weights sometimes. And so getting on is crucial. And you can always decline any allocation and sometimes you can just buy a starting offering. But getting on these lists as you're thinking about it is helpful just because at least you're in line. By the way, even if you're not expecting to kind of go pro and to buy things like that, it's easy enough just to decline the offer. Little different in France. So the European fine wine market works differently. So here we have in Premier futures in English basically you're buying it um through established merchants before it's actually in the bottle. So in Bordeaux, the wines are offered about 2 years before delivery. They work with their established merchants and the prices not always, but usually are advantageous to you. And you also know you're getting it directly from the winery. Perfect providence. You do need a trusted advisor as you get into these types of wines. Burgundy even trickier. Very relationshipdriven. There's much much smaller productions than Bordeaux, which is more, you know, of a of a mass- prodduced item. So, you've got to build your relationships, and you really really have to learn a lot about it, cuz they're also really expensive. So, let's talk about relationships. The first stop in your journey is your local wine shop. Just get to know them and they're going to get to know your pallet. They're going to hold special bottles for you. They're going to give you good advice and they are going to be the ones who are discovering new wines. They are drinking the most, right, of anybody. You also will have with larger merchants, you're going to have account uh managers. If you're a serious collector, you're going have access to certain allocated wine, early access to to buy, and then you'll have some portfolio advice. So, I recommend kind of a two-tier strategy. one, build a strong relationship with the local shop. And then second, start develop your connections with the larger merchants. All right, staying informed. There are critical information sources as you're going along. You're going to have your essential subscriptions. Here's a few. Okay, you have Berg Hound, which is Alan Meadows review of Burgundy. Um, this is essential in Burgundy. It's He's very conservative with his scoring, by the way, but he has really detailed producer profiles. is just the go-to wine advocate, which is Robert Parker, which is really strong for Bordeaux and California, Napa wines. They tend to have higher scores. Um, Vineas Antonio Gallen Galoney and they have all these maps and other analysis. He's really good with Italian wines. He also does Burgundy. Um, and then Wine Independent, which is the newest major publication. They don't have any advertising. Um, and it really is just another resource. So, you're going to be reading your vintage reports. You're going to be comparing multiple sources. You're going to be comparing the tasting notes even more than the scores. And then you're going to understand the scoring system for each of them. So, I read these all the time and I'm just kind of ingesting information about what people in the wine world are talking about, what critics who have kind of the same taste profile as as I have, what they have to say. But I'm just paying attention to the notes really more than the scores. I'm also learning about any changes the wine makers are making as time goes by. It might be something you're not going to see for a decade or by the time you taste the wine for 20 years. I'm just trying to get the most information. So, I'm able to put my money in the things that I want. Let's go back to the why. So, I'm assuming that you actually enjoy wine. And you're going to need to start drinking more. Not that way, but you're going to have to start tasting more. So, anytime there's an event out there, you need to go. You need to taste as many wines as possible. And the intention is developing your own taste and also to find out what you really like. So, I'm going to use Kan as an example. I tried a few of their wines, but never their flagship wine, which is Kan 9. It's written Kan EX in Roman numerals. But this is a bottle I would pay 600 bucks for. You'd probably get it for $750. If you go to a restaurant, it's probably $1,250 bottle of wine. So, and actually tried it, right? Cuz it's expensive. So, I decided to go to a high-end tasting. I had it against 100 Acre, a Screaming Eagle. And did I pay a fortune for this tasting? Of course, I did. But now that I know if I really want a high-end wine that I love that Kolgan 9. So, it's a very valuable wine. I know that I could sell it for more than I'm paying for it. But I also met some great people at the tasting. So, it just great. I even do business with one of them. So, those events are really, really important cuz you're developing your pallet, you're refining your tastes, you're discovering wines, you're even meeting some new friends along the way. So listen, starting your wine collection, it's more than a one-day event. It is about beginning modestly. Focus on getting your storage right and just start reading and learning. Start small. Think about the longer term and then focus on quality rather than just pure quantity. Build your relationships. Stay informed. Join those mailing lists. But most importantly, just make it fun. Make it part of your social life. Make it part of your dayto-day. And you'll see that you will start to enjoy so much more the act of collecting when it is both something social and both something that you enjoy. Along the way, you might actually make a few bucks,

  Top Comments:
  1. @rjo8500 [1 likes]: Great video and advice. I’m not a lawyer, just a retired professional who loves fine wine and especially its history. I collect with the goal to drink mature wines with friends and other wine enthusiasts. The advice I give people like me where money and space is a factor is to discover your palate. My palate is mostly Bordeaux and some red Burgundy so I stick to those. I love Champagne and Chablis, but I’m not going down that road. My point is, it’s easy to spread oneself too thin.
  2. @brantleyrider: Great video Jon! 🍷

- Why You Need a WINE CELLAR **Service Plan**: Kind: captions Language: en These systems are air cool. A lot of people don't understand that they need to be maintained. Any type, anything is air cool or moves air in any way and uses air to remove heat is going to get dirty. There's no doubt about it. It's going to die from lack of maintenance if it's not done. You're energy consumption would just double very quickly just by having a low Freon charge, because the system would just run continuously trying to reach temperature. That Freon charged is very important. You know when these compressors the motor inside is enclosed inside of a hermatic pot, so we can't get to any type of air. So any type of electric motor has to have a cooling system of some kind or they will eventually burn out always. So every electric motor has a cooling system built into it, even if you and I don't know about it, it's there. So the way these compressor motors are cooled is by return gas. And the only way you're going to get returned gas is if the system is full of Freon allowing this to happen. Once they get low in Freon, they no longer get that return gas, the pressure motor will run hot until it eventually dies. So that's a real good point right there. Making sure that Freon charge is full at all times. And also of course making sure there's no leak. We also find all of our leaks. We find the leak and give the option to repair it or give the option to replace the part that needs to be replaced.

- Why Does My Wine Cellar Make Odd Noises? - Fine Wine Facts: Kind: captions Language: en Why does my wine seller make odd noises? Imagine walking into your wine celler and hearing strange sounds coming from the cooling system. It might make you wonder if something is wrong with your wine storage. Many wine sellers, especially those with built-in cooling units, produce noises that are perfectly normal. These sounds are part of how the system keeps your wine at the right temperature and humidity. Most cooling systems in wine sellers include a compressor, fans, and refrigerant lines. The compressor is like the heart of the system, and it often makes a humming or buzzing noise when it turns on. This sound is similar to what you hear from a refrigerator, but can be louder if your seller is very quiet. The fans are responsible for circulating air and maintaining even temperatures. As they run, they can produce a whooshing or worring sound. Sometimes you might hear bubbling or gurgling noises. These are caused by the refrigerant moving through the pipes, especially when the system is cooling down. This is a normal part of the cooling process and does not indicate a problem. You might also notice popping or creaking sounds. These happen when the materials in the cooling unit expand or contract because of temperature changes. This is common in wine sellers where the temperature fluctuates slightly. If the cooling unit is not mounted securely, it can vibrate and create rattling or vibrating sounds. Ensuring the unit is firmly attached and the surface is stable can help reduce this noise. If you hear loud humming or buzzing from the fans, it could be because they are dirty or blocked by dust or labels. Cleaning the fans and removing any obstructions can quiet things down. Clanking or metallic noises might mean the compressor has shifted or is not sitting properly on its mounts. This may requiring a technician to check and fix. Keeping your wine seller in good shape is important for your wine collection. Odd noises can sometimes mean the cooling system is working harder than it should. If the sounds suddenly become very loud or are accompanied by poor cooling or ice buildup, it's wise to check for blocked vents, dirty coils, or refrigerant leaks. Regular maintenance, like cleaning the fans and coils, making sure the unit is level, and leaving enough space around it for air flow, can help keep your cellar quiet. When your cooling system runs smoothly, it helps maintain the ideal conditions for aging wine. That way, your wine stays in perfect shape and your cellar remains a peaceful place to enjoy your collection.

- **Wine Cellar** Service Plan Basics for *Orange County*: Kind: captions Language: en we PID special attention to the fact that the wine is very corrosive and it has a great deal of acidic value that eats away the indoor unit we like to put a charcoal activated charcoal inside the cellar if we can and that helps absorb the acidity that's in the air and keeps it more alkaline and extends the life of equipment that's one thing we do that's special that no one else does the condensers it's like a radiator that's on the outdoor unit it has dams on them and it drags air across these coils and uh removes the heat that's being taken out of the cellar those coils will get dirty and we have to clean them with CO2 if we can we'll use water and occasionally if they get oxidized we'll use a deoxidation chemical cleaner on them and that'll strip that oxidation off and get it down to the bare metal again where it can Flash the heat off more efficiently dog hair I've had them been plugged up with dog hair that's quite common pets can be a real issue for maintenance you really if you have a couple big dogs and they're on the sidey yard with that unit a lot that will pick up a lot of hair very quickly just to make sure that there is a certain checkpoint that is completed it say still a little checkpoint you know what we do on each maintenance and you know that's the things that need to be covered each time to be thorough usually about $130 it varies on where they are and what we got to expel to get the maintenance done but a minimum charge for like a simple one $30 at least once a year I usually will set them up in the in the calendar so they reoccur maybe twice a year once or twice a year some of them up to four or times a year for uh places that are in rural areas and they get a lot of Airborne matter debris and stuff blowing around plugging them up so a little more on some if any units are near like a dryer vent where the dryer discharge outside they need to have it more often because that drier vent will plug up the equipment I've had that happen many many many times and I have one account that had we have to go four times a year because that dryer vent keeps plugging up the init no additional maintenance is needed for inducted system it's it's pretty much about the same if they have it on a sidey yard and the gardeners are back there with their weed blowers and stuff um those things will get plugged up very quickly gardeners are the biggest killers of compressors are gardeners with weed blowers they'll blow the leaves all over the condenser and it sticks to that condenser and chokes the air flow and they're air cooled so they will just burn out I've had that happen many times

- How Much Humidity Does A Luxury Wine Cellar Need? - Luxury Life Report: Kind: captions Language: en [music] How much humidity does a luxury wine seller need? Imagine having a collection of fine wines stored perfectly, aging gracefully in a space designed just for them. The secret to keeping those bottles in top shape is controlling the environment, especially the humidity. So, how much humidity should a luxury wine seller have? Well, the ideal range is between 50% and 70% relative humidity. Most experts agree that setting it at around 60% is best for long-term storage. Why is this important? Because wine corks need the right moisture level to stay supple and seal the bottle properly. If humidity drops below 50%, corks can dry out, letting air seep in and causing oxidation. That air can spoil the wine and ruin its flavor. On the other hand, if humidity rises above 70%, mold can develop. Mold can damage labels, the seller walls, and even the bottles. For collectors who want their wines to look as good as they taste, maintaining this balance is key. To do this, many luxury wine sellers use advanced climate control systems. These units carefully regulate both temperature and humidity, preventing sudden changes that could harm the wine. In dry climates, a built-in humidifier adds moisture to keep the environment stable. In humid areas, cooling units remove excess moisture through condensation or drainage, stopping mold from forming. Proper insulation and vapor barriers are also part of a high-end seller's construction. These features help keep the humidity steady and block outside air from messing with the environment. The racks and shelves are made from moisture resistant materials, which help protect the collection and keep the cellar looking beautiful. For those who want to keep a close eye on conditions, highquality sensors are a must. These devices give real-time readings, so adjustments can be made quickly if needed. Lighting is another detail to consider. Lead lights are preferred because they produce little heat and won't affect the humidity or temperature. So, in short, a luxury wine seller should stay between 50 and 70% humidity with 60% being the sweet spot. Achieving this involves smart climate control, solid construction, and regular monitoring. Doing so keeps your collection safe, preserves the wine's quality, and ensures your investment ages just right. >> [music]

- How Wine Cellar Maintenance Can Prevent Major Problems | Ask Steve, Episode 1: Kind: captions Language: en Tim: So, Steve, you were talking a little while ago about the fact that you're now getting loads of calls from all over the US. Steve: Yes. Tim: To do with wine cellar cooling systems. Well, can you give us a sense of what type of calls you're getting? When people call, what are they asking for exactly? Steve: Most of the customers that call in are looking for a service; their unit has either blowing hot air or is not working at all. We then dissect it or have discovery questions of -- well, when was your last service and then we come to find out it's probably 2 to 3 years ago, which in the end in, it means that you're -- you've run out of 134a which is the gas that keeps the unit going. It's an example -- South contained you know I didn't think it got used up like fuel it was just sort of expanding and contracting so with with itself contain you know I was talking more about a split system unit right but for a but a self-contained unit over the last I'd say the last two weeks or so we've had a lot of people call up and say in their self-contained unit was out and so once the unit is out for a self-contained unit there's nothing to do to refill the 134a or the gas that's inside so it is it's a replacement so what we do is we find the best replacement for the unit and could become a little tricky what I mean by that is they've had this unit for three five seven years so we have to take the time to find the unit that fits that old cooling unit so what happens to the freon does it leak from the system does it go away does it become less useful over time what why doesn't it just keep going good question on a split system unit you you acquire leaks and so leaks can happen from multiple amount of things so any type of debris or things that are going into the system making the system run a little bit longer maybe it's not cycling enough it's making sure it's configured enough to where you don't have those specific leaks that have the issues but it's also that eventually after a year or a year and a half the gas is just going to run out just like a the fuel in your car where does it go I mean what you're basically saying they leak somehow is what you seem to be saying cause otherwise where is it coming up so it just leaks it leaks from the condensing unit and so there's sometimes some holes into the condensing unit and that happens only on space system so runs not contained as well both contained as well but mostly a self-contained is is a condensing unit and the coil all in one package and it is has a certain amount of freon that it has for up to about three to seven years depending and but does this the freon become less useful over time then is that what you're saying or does something else break or so what ends up happening is that if you have a leak in yours in the line set or in the condensing unit it's just you're gonna have to where we've come in there and fix it and or we have to make sure we test it every six months to make sure that the unit is still going to be optimal at even with them specifically --xe within the system but there are ways to fix that during our service though so let's say that someone who maybe they bought a house that has a wine cellar in it or they've had one for a while they're not very mechanically minded what kind of symptoms are they gonna see that might be an indicator that they need help with their freon or they need a recharge or or great as you cook you so we have to know exactly what the unit kind of unit it is make model and then we can come out there and take a look at and see if it's even sellable if it's salvageable then we'll go out and really try to fix it it's that's our goal is to be able to service it to get it back to life imagine your car running out of fuel what you think the damage is gonna do to your to your car same thing with your cooling unit once you just run out of fuel it can ice up so it becomes as an ice ball and so when there's an ice ball then all of a sudden if you know any of those old refrigerators that get an ice ball it never really works the same so you have to defrost it and then get some more freon in there clean it out and then hopefully it'll maintain or stay the way it's supposed to run and that doesn't usually happen the analogy you're making is more would be more consistent with the oil in the engine and the freon in a wine cellar cooling system because the the engine in a car runs on electricity cooling system runs on electricity the freon is that is the element flowing through the system and and the oil is something that makes the ancient work if you want to have oil you're gonna screw up your engine right same technology same analogies so it's what you're basically saying then is it's a bit like getting a car serviced on a regular basis if you don't get your car serviced it can run low on oil and you'll create knock-on problems if you don't get your cooling system serviced it can generate other problems and presumably freon isn't the only one which is using that oh by an example homes gonna have it checked every year to make sure that there's not some aspect of the cooling system that is going to create a knock-on problem okay right correct because if you end up having a yearly maintenance customers sometimes get frustrated that their unit only lasted three years or five years but they never received a service ever so some of these units that I service one here in the ritz-carlton I've put in over 15 years ago the same units but every six months we provide a service to these units and they'll run for 50 20 years if not longer so if you can take care of your car and get the oil change and and other maintenance you have in your home the investment that you have inside of the wine room is so significant above and beyond sometimes a car you'd want to be able to put that investment into into your cooling unit to make sure it's running properly so a cooling unit with the proper service yearly service contract or a week is where you and we would provide or any company can provide you a yearly service and that's kind of what you should should have to where they notify you let you know it's time for a service so then you know they can get out there and most people your unit works harder obviously in the summertime so everybody calls in the summer but it should be to where you want to have it and just a yearly maintenance whenever that date is that it could be in in the winter if you want something immediate I would try to have somebody come out in the spring or in the winter and so that's that's ready to go so some people don't like to wait to the summertime because they know that unit is going to be working overtime during those times you

- 7 pro tips to organize your own wine tasting event: Kind: captions Language: en I'm having a little bit of a sophisticated wine tasting party I like this idea for the winter months because it is something fun you can do it brings people together but apparently there are rules absolutely so I hosted a wine tasting event because the winner for me as a landscaper is my downtime it's where I can have friends over and I thought a wine-tasting event would be great and I went to all this trouble and I put it all together in the day before the event I actually happened to open up a website and saw all these rules of what I did wrong so we're gonna set the record straight on how to do this properly okay the first thing is how to pick the wine yes now if you are willing to put all the money on your tab mm-hm that's great pick whatever one you want if you're asking guests to bring wine you need to set some parameters so a good parameter is price point keep your wine under $20 and have your guests pick a label and then send it to you so that you know there's no overlaps okay I also love the idea of picking wine from a region so I decided to do pinot noir from one particular region okay so all the guests bring in the wine fantastic you have a little sheet and I'll show you the sheet maybe you can hold that out for me there this is what we did this was our little sheet of all the wines that we were tasting okay and we had a little blank space beside them right because we wanted to make it more of an event so a competition okay by event you mean a competition competition so it wasn't just tasting wine it was trying to guess what wine and what's the best wine and not being judged by the labels cuz that's what most people do yes so hiding the wine bottles okay yeah I went with these cute little things that my friend made for me in the cozies paper bag works just as well okay classic bring it right up to the top because people will remember the foil color of the wine bottle they brought they're so competitive so right up hide it yeah I can okay when you're serving food for this type of event yes Tracy what kind of food would you serve that's bread bread that's a bread if somebody in the auxin cheese no cheese no cheese why not so cheese has a very interesting oil pattern so when wine touches it or when it melted that certain wines are fantastic and other ones aren't and you don't want to skew the tasting of the wine based on the food you're serving so cheese steaks lamb all these great things that you would have with wine you do not want to serve at a party okay instead you want sir pizza Oh okay this is your legitimate time to say pizza is the right thing because by having pizza which has cheese it has some meat and vegetarian four other options it's a neutral palette all the wine will hit your mouth the exact same way so it's a fair taste okay with pizza and wine I'm good with a two bit Friday in fact most people are the same yeah now what kind of glass would you serve your wine in Tracy I dig a red comes on the okay you're doing a red I'm gonna guess that this is the red wine glass well no no this is this is a burgundy red wine glass that's also red but this is a burgundy wine which one would you serve in the red wine yeah would you go for red glass for this or this yes so big mistake oh yeah so when you're doing a wine tasting let's say you have eight to ten people yeah a bottle of wine actually serves a three ounce pour for eight people okay that's it yeah so a three ounce pour is not like this no but why don't you just put weight less in there yeah and then it looks like empty so there's a there's a three ounce pour okay so now we're gonna show you what a three ounce pour looks like in a burgundy glass okay yeah you'd be very generous going around the table saying here's your three everybody it looks so that looks outside right very bad obviously you want to use glass it seems easy also consider the stemless options yeah only because these get knocked over and what people are doing things in drinking wine and eating pizza if there's a lot of wine glasses on the table yes very very you know what's gonna happen it happened to me okay so stemless stemless is a good option the other thing you want to do yeah unless right people's names on the glass and pick this up okay I'm just gonna I'm gonna do this not gonna come off if this doesn't come off in your hand which is nice so these are wine markers so I'm smudging it here yeah like that once it dries yeah it doesn't come off again until it goes in the dishwasher okay okay so then it stays there okay okay so you put somebody's name on it you're good to go perfect or use those little charms that everybody always gives you at the end of the year do you have to get a whole so let's say we're tasting you know we've got what 10 wines on here we've got you've got 10 different glasses for every single person no and that's the key so what you're gonna do is you're gonna have a spittoon so this is my big trophy spittoon okay cuz you'd be surprised at how much wine actually ends up in here okay so people and gasps but I'm gonna dump this wine out okay - there okay and right the grace and rinse the glass and off you go I thought you were spitting in there you can also spin in here because nobody's having this wine afterwards okay now the other thing that I do want to point out is because it's a competition yes right you want people voting on wines and you don't want them to know what the wines are right so give them all two quarters or two little chips or whatever and have a glass in front of each one so they can put their chip in to decide what the wine is okay we had the event with true wine tasters yes the most anybody got out of ten bottles was four correct so it's really hard this is all safe as well you're not trying to knock back all these drinks for fun it's a wine tasting so make sure you get home responsibly if you are involved in one of these parties

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonathanwilliams1974 [3 likes]: "Keep your wine under $20"...also "I chose to do pinot noir". Not a good combo. How about..."set a reasonable budget for wine you can afford or that is worth it to you".
  2. @sethdcastillo [1 likes]: yeah these tips are NOT it lol
  3. @Caroldarr: Ok should I move on or stop circling
  4. @tmur7231: Nice
  5. @Matheolh123: pizza lol!!!! this is a joke - no wine fits pizza
  6. @creativeartbyluvensky: Great tips!
  7. @maryellenputnam-reinhardt3305: Nice vid.🍷🍷🍷🍷
  8. @thechangethenarrativeiniti5969: Insightful... great info

- Corporate Wine Tasting Event Ideas, Sommelier Keynote Speaker and Seminar Guide...: Kind: captions Language: en my name is Joey Clemens I'm a Certified Sommelier public speaker on wine and the founder of the wine elite the wine elite is the premier provider of Somali a guided wine tasting experiences in the United States I'm Adam Edmondson certified specialist of wine and I'm a sommelier with the wine elite the winery partners with many top hotels fortune 500 companies and event planners to organize wine experiences that fulfill certain goals of their organizations the reason why nelly tastings are very popular for corporate events is that it achieves a lot of the objectives that you have for creating a corporate event the attendees have a chance to form groups and to do something that's competitive they do things that are entertaining they're battling to see who can win the bottle of wine and it's really a lot of fun the Sohma years at the wine elite are certified with either the Court of Master Sommeliers the Society of wine educators or the Wine & Spirits educational trust we believe in a classical education of wine in our tastings we specifically study the classical wines of Europe to understand specific rapes from their most important Appalachians besides our specialty in the field of wine we have vast access to experts on cheese spirits chocolate and other luxury items that will be available to lead and speak at your corporate events one of our most popular event formats is the Somali guided sit-down dinner a Certified Sommelier there's two different wines with every dinner course and throughout the evening as many different courses are served the two wines are served as well with every course the solo yay guides the guests through a direct comparison of these wines at hand explains which ones they are what the tasting notes are that relate to these wines and this works for small parties from 10 to 30 people it also works for ballrooms with hundreds of people very often not only one sommelier but a whole panel of Certified Sommelier speaks and guides all guests through the tasting sequence so that everyone can have the same experience we also receive a lot of demand for a tasting format that applies really well to larger groups of corporate guests tasting stations staffed with Certified Sommelier who introduce guests to different wines from different regions in a systematic manner you like to give your team a real overview of the wines around the world by identifying wines from key Appalachians and that are made from key grapes that everyone should know so that the event is really an educational experience that gets them a lifetime takeaway value the most interactive wine tasting programs we feature at the wine elite or our team-building experiences our blind tasting methodology is prominently used in the team building programs we offer we have several teams work together to determine from a set of known wines which specific wines they are drinking and in which order we break down our tastings via blind tasting into the basic wines of the world so anyway corporate events are designed to be for everyone not just those we've developed kasing allows us to really just talk about the soleus of the wine elite assist the event planner with all components of the important corporate event starting with a wine selection the menu creation the specific sequence of the event and then delivering our sommelier keynote and guided sommelier experience throughout the night we support our corporate clients across the country if you are planning a corporate event in the near future we can assist you from the idea stage to the implementation and delivery of that event please call us or email us for more information we'll be happy to send you our color brochure with specific event ideas for your corporate wine tasting experience

  Top Comments:
  1. @noahnewman1288: I'd like to organize one in Portharcourt Nigeria, we need your supplies
  2. @victoriachristian4000: Wonderful video, love it.
  3. @vegasrenie: Excellent.
  4. @davidrusso3930: Joey and Adam have conducted several wine tasting events for friends in our neighborhood.  Instead of the inaccessible, high-toned presentation one might expect, we received a very entertaining, educational and enjoyable experience from these two very knowledgable gentlemen.  Whether you have a small group of friends or a large assembly of people, these two experts will taylor a program that is appropriate and memorable.  Our very highest recommendation to Wine Elite Sommeliers.

- What Goes on at a Wine Tasting Event?: Kind: captions Language: en this is wine story where we tackle wine related topics wine stuff and the fun stuff let's get rolling you've probably heard me say so many times the words wine tasting how wine tastes wine tasting in wine tastings and what is it actually so in this video we are going to tackle what does it really mean the words wine tasting what goes on in a wine tasting and is it important why is it important in the wine industry to have wine tastings it's kind of like a sensory examination and evaluation of wine you're involving your senses your sense of your sense of smell your sense of sight and your sense of taste you're involving those three to get a deeper understanding of wines that are in front of you and that's what are you essentially doing in a wine tasting so wine producers for the longest time have always been doing wine tastings that dates back even to the 14th century it's as old as wine production some of them are very formal and wine tastings come in forms of an event so you'll find it advertised like we as a wine store have actually advertised the mini wine tastings we had one i think two weeks ago we're having more and we also advertising more and more so we encourage people to actually uh join us as we push more and more wine tasting events to people some of them may come as private uh tastings or dinners and that's why you find for example people like you know the dion east africa they have a very unique wine cellar door whereby you can book it for a very private and intimate event as we're tasting the wine we're actually supposed to like grate them you know with spices flour fruits to see the body the fruit levels i'm going to rate them as i think and we'll see how far i am from it looks so cool yeah i feel like i'm in like italy or something but that like i said it's called the cellar door and it has that vibe like you feel like you're in a cellar with all the different wines to choose from yeah and again all of our favorite ones i'm excited this is gonna be hard because i want to buy them off it's a very interesting way to to hang out you should really try it um it will really change how you think about wines and also the relationship you have with uh with that type of alcohol actually so within some of these events uh you will learn new terminologies uh you will learn some some of these like aromas you learn what apala is you know the roof of your mouth you learn what it is how to identify it how to swirl how to you know cover the you know how to hold your glass and all that some things have just been here but you know identifying the obvious and now bear and get a deeper understanding of wines another thing that you discover with wine tastings is um it can get very technical right in the hierarchy as you go higher for the people who don't know somalia is like sort of a wine expert a wine expert who understands also service so he's probably working with a restaurant so that he can recommend wines in the wine menu and this is somebody who can also teach you more about the wines who can recommend based on the foods that are presented to you so that's amelia comes hand in hand with also the wine tastings that are going on and what they do is they basically explain to you you know this is the wine importer the wine importer is is normally there just next they introduce what the wine brands then there are so many now takes over and then after that the there's probably some food stuffs that people are given maybe if you're doing uh some pairing just to see how the wines pair with some foods very interesting things should try that out you'll find cheese there you'll find some biscuits yeah you'd find some um what you call it even some ham some salami you'd whether it's spiced very interesting by the way you'd find some olives you'd find some pickles you'd find some i mean everything i'm waiting to see somebody who would do local wine tastings that would be dope uh actually i should challenge you guys to actually try that right i was in the end the other day and dani were actually complaining they were saying they know why these things there so actually i'm trying to basically encourage all the wine importers wine enthusiasts hold these things in different towns so people can get to understand wines from a deeper level again going back to the number of wines in the market it's very hard now for a customer or a client or anyone basically who is trying out wines for the first time or is just you know he's just hanging in there doesn't know which one to pick right it's very hard for you to know what to pick when and where you're in the supermarket you're confused so many wine brands so that's where now the wine these things they come in this is an opportunity to let you know our blog is basically a lot of education just type thewinestory.com and you'll find a lot of information there it's a bit localized so there's a lot of information there that pertains to kenya and uh and and what's happening in the wine space we also write a lot of we distribute a lot of press releases whether you have any any uh event that you would like us to cover we will put it there if there's anyone who wants to also distribute some sort of hard news work with also mainstream media that's nation standard and all that some of the touches in the country the pandemic we also covered a lot about that and then we also originate a lot of articles from our side so that we're able to you know to to basically give you holistic information about the wine industry in kenya so feel free uh you know you guys just you you know the drill follow us on facebook follow us on instagram we've tried to be everywhere even on linkedin we are there and then we also have this video series as you see it like this see you in the next video guys and take care enjoy [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaveMani [1 likes]: Great video my friend! With your help the wine culture in Kenya will keep growing! 👍🏼🍷
  2. @TsarEventsDMC [1 likes]: Thank you for wonderful video! Love it so much! It is really interesting and motivating!  Cannot wait when all of us start travel again!  Thank you for helping to promote tourism! xx
  3. @ashleyk.5575: Awesome content! 🍷👏🏽✨

- How to Host the Perfect Wine Tasting Party | Beginners Guide: Kind: captions Language: en-US Ever wanted to host a wine tasting party but didn't know where to start? Stay tuned, because today I'm going to show you how to host the perfect wine tasting party that will impress your friends and make you the ultimate wine connoisseur. Hello, wine lovers! Welcome back to Toast to Wine. From grape to glass, we're here to demystify and instruct on wine varieties, winemaking techniques, and the art of enjoying wines. Today, we're diving into the exciting world of wine tasting parties. Whether you're a seasoned wine enthusiast or a complete beginner, this guide will help you host a memorable and enjoyable wine tasting event. Let's start with the basics...selecting the wines. And by the way, this video is packed with great tips and ideas all the way to the end. So get your note pad ready! Continuing on... For a beginner's wine tasting party, I recommend choosing a variety that showcases different styles and regions. Aim for a mix of reds, whites, and maybe even a sparkling wine to keep things interesting. You don't need to break the bank; there are plenty of affordable options that are perfect for tasting. For example, if you're looking for a crisp, refreshing white, try a Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand, like Oyster Bay, which usually costs around twelve to fifteen dollars. If you prefer something a bit richer, a California Chardonnay like Bogle Vineyards is a great choice, typically priced around ten to thirteen dollars. On the red side, a light Pinot Noir from Oregon, such as Mark West, offers a lot of flavor for around ten to twelve dollars. If you want something bolder, consider a Malbec from Argentina, like Alamos, which can be found for nine to eleven dollars. Don't forget about sparkling wines! A Prosecco from Italy, like La Marca, is an excellent choice that's often available for thirteen to sixteen dollars. These selections are not only budget-friendly but also provide a diverse tasting experience for your guests. Once you've selected your wines, it's time to open them. If your bottle has a traditional cork, remember to twist the corkscrew gently and pull the cork out with a slow, steady hand. Pour just enough wine to fill about a third of the glass - this allows the wine to breathe and gives your guests enough room to swirl it around, releasing those wonderful aromas. But what if your wine has a screw cap instead of a cork? There's often a stigma around screw top caps, with some people thinking they're a sign of lower-quality wine. In reality, screw caps are perfectly fine and, in many cases, better at preserving the wine's freshness. They're easy to open and don't require any special tools, making them a convenient option for your tasting party. So don't hesitate to include wines with screw caps - they're just as enjoyable and can still offer a fantastic tasting experience. Now, let's talk about the order of tasting. Typically, you'll want to start with lighter wines and progress to heavier ones. This means beginning with sparkling or white wines and then moving on to reds. When it comes to reds, start with lighter varieties, like a Pinot Noir. Pinot Noir, such as one from Oregon's Willamette Valley, is a great choice for its delicate flavors and smooth finish. As you move through the tasting, you can gradually introduce bolder reds. A good next step might be a Merlot, which has a bit more body but is still approachable, like a bottle from Columbia Crest in Washington State. Finally, finish with the boldest reds, like a Cabernet Sauvignon or a Sir ah. A California Cabernet, such as one from Napa Valley's Robert Mondavi, offers rich flavors and complexity that can stand up to a wide range of foods. This progression helps to keep your palate fresh and allows you to fully appreciate the nuances of each wine. No wine tasting is complete without the right pairings. Cheese, fruits, nuts, and even chocolate can enhance the flavors of the wines you're serving. Arrange these snacks on a platter so your guests can experiment with different combinations. For white wines, a crisp Sauvignon Blanc pairs beautifully with tangy goat cheese or fresh green apple slices. If you're serving a Chardonnay, try pairing it with creamy Brie or roasted nuts - the buttery notes of the wine complement these rich flavors perfectly. For reds, start with lighter options like Pinot Noir. This wine pairs wonderfully with mild, earthy cheeses like Gruyère or Camembert. You could also serve it with dried cherries or strawberries, which highlight the wine's fruity undertones. As you move to bolder reds, like a Merlot or Cabernet Sauvignon, consider pairing them with stronger, aged cheeses like sharp Cheddar or blue cheese. Dark chocolate is another excellent match for Cabernet, enhancing its deep, rich flavors. For something heartier, pair these wines with savory bites like charcuterie, especially salami or prosciutto - the possibilities are truly endless. To make your wine tasting even more interactive, provide tasting cards for your guests. These cards can include the name of the wine, its origin, and space for notes on aroma and taste. Encourage your guests to jot down their impressions - it's a fun way to see how everyone's palate differs! it's time to taste! Start by observing the color of the wine - hold your glass up to the light and take note of its clarity and hue. Is the color pale and golden, or deep and ruby-red? This can hint at the wine's age and variety. Next, gently swirl the wine in your glass. As the wine settles, observe the 'legs' or 'tears' that form on the inside of the glass. These are the streaks of liquid that run down after swirling, and they can give you an idea of the wine's alcohol content and viscosity - thicker, slower-moving legs usually indicate a higher alcohol content or sugar level. bring the glass to your nose and take a deep sniff. With white wines, you might notice fresh, citrusy notes like lemon or green apple, floral scents like honeysuckle, or even tropical fruits like pineapple. Reds, on the other hand, often present aromas of dark fruits like blackberries or cherries, spices like cinnamon or pepper, and sometimes earthy notes like leather or tobacco. take a sip and let the wine linger on your palate before swallowing. Try to identify the flavors - are they crisp and zesty, like you'd expect from a white wine, or rich and bold, as is common with reds? Also, pay attention to the wine's texture - is it light and refreshing, or full-bodied and smooth? Consider the finish as well - how long do the flavors last, and what notes linger as the wine fades? Hosting a wine tasting party is all about enjoying the experience, learning something new, and most importantly, having fun with friends. Don't stress too much about the details - after all, wine is meant to be enjoyed! So gather your friends, pour some wine, and savor the journey of flavors. Thanks for joining me on this beginner's guide to hosting a wine tasting party. I hope you're feeling inspired and ready to host your own event. Questions? Leave them in the comments section below. If you found this guide helpful, please give it a thumbs up and share it with your fellow wine lovers. Click on one of these videos now to continue your wine journey. If you found this video helpful, please give it a thumbs up, subscribe to our channel, and hit the bell icon to stay updated with our latest videos. If you have any questions or topics you'd like us to cover, leave a comment below. Until next time, may your wine adventures be as rich and diverse as the wines you discover. Toast to Wine!

- Inside New York’s Exclusive Billionaire Wine Tastings: Kind: captions Language: en Mark Oldman: $20,000 a bottle at least. Maybe $30,000 a bottle. Welcome to the Wine Sanctuary. Emily Christian: Today, we are getting an inside look into one of New York City's most exclusive wine-tasting experiences. We are stepping into the Wine Sanctuary of Mark Oldman, a world-renowned wine expert with a personal collection that he says is worth over half a million dollars. A private tasting with Mark is an experience usually reserved for A-list wine lovers willing to shell out up to $3,000 a ticket. But today, Mark's going to teach me how to taste like a billionaire. [Mark groans] Emily: I did it. Mark: You're killing me. Emily: I talked about wine. Mark: Honestly, I've been on the scene in New York ever since I taught my wine seminars in SoHo 25 years ago. I've gone to countless wine tastings. Even though sometimes I teach very illustrious wines, at my heart I'm an anti-snob, and I want people to feel comfortable around wine. Château d'Yquem 1937. Some say this is the best year of the best dessert wine. These are Henri Jayer, the godfather of all Burgundy winemakers. They look like humble bottles, but this would probably be $20,000 a bottle at least, maybe $30,000 a bottle. The name is Richebourg, and you could say this is the ultimate riche beverage. This is Madeira from 1933. 1933 was the year of the repeal of Prohibition. Emily: Mark's "Drink Like a Billionaire" wine tastings are named after his newest book. They are a bespoke series of group events ranging from $499 all the way up to $3,000 a person that aim to teach anyone wanting to broaden their vocabulary in the world of wine. Mark: "Like a Billionaire" tastings, most of them are here at my Wine Sanctuary. And I built this, brick by brick, furnishing by furnishing, to be a cozy getaway from the velocity of life. I've had no end of celebrities, sports figures, many illustrious people come through here. Billionaires want the best of everything, but they don't necessarily order from the reserved list at a restaurant. They want to economize, just like everyone else. So, part of my job is to help people figure out what they like and what they don't like. While giving them a framework. Opening people's eyes to the possibilities in wine is what I'm all about. Emily: I sat down with Mark to experience one of his tastings firsthand and hopefully pick up a few useful tips along the way. Mark: I want to show you how different various styles of a particular wine can be. I mean, that's one of the great lessons that my clients learn, that there are different manifestations depending on the sunshine in the region and the soil and so forth. So, we have two sauvignon blanc, and then you spin it, then you smell it. Try that. Tilt it right in. Nose in. [sniffing] Mm. Emily: Hmm. Is that part of it? Mark: Yeah, yeah. If you want to double the magnitude of the smell, cover the wine with your hand. Emily: Also it helps any splash that may happen. Mark: Exactly. Smell it. And what's the difference when you smell it now? Emily: It's stronger. Mark: Much stronger. Emily: It is much stronger! Mark: Lid it, smell it, and then drink. Both: Mm. Mark: Do not drink sequentially. Drink simultaneously. Emily: Ooh. Mark: Now go back to that one. Good. For two different sauvignon blancs... Emily: I like how I'm just getting to drink two wines. Mark: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, what's the difference between these two? Emily: This one seems crisper to me, a little lighter. Mark: Completely. Emily: And this one's, like, creamier. Emily: I did it! Mark: Let's show you a porrón. In Spain, they're really into celebration. What we're going to do, you can do it with any wine, but I like white wine because it doesn't stain. Emily: Right, 'cause there's a high-percentage chance that I'm gonna spill something. Mark: Yeah, let me just show you how it's done. So, what you do is you start it with the spout close to your mouth, and then you arc it out like a Roman fountain. Emily: OK. Whoa! Oh, I'm going to mess that up. I'm a little nervous. Mark: So, close, and then tilt it towards you. Excellent, and then up, up. Oh, that's good for your first time, that's amazing. Emily: This is my new favorite way to drink wine. I'm all in. I'm all in on the porrón. Wow, beautifully done. Beautifully done. Mark: Excellent. Yeah. Oh, perfect! And what I like to show my clients is that pinot noir actually tastes better, and lighter reds and sometimes for some people all reds, when it has a bit of a chill. I know it might seem like you're a philistine. But no, no, no. Emily: I'm really excited for what you're about to do. Mark: Order a little thing of ice. And here we go. And waiters who are truly wine-savvy will know what we're doing and not have a problem with it. Emily: This makes me feel justified about things that I've done before in the safety of my own apartment. Mark: There are those purists who have dilution anxiety, so what you can do is leave it in let's say 30 seconds and fish it out. Emily: That way it doesn't get watered down. Mark: Right. Emily: I see, I see. Mark: But we're all friends here. Emily: Yeah, we're going to leave it in because I've done that before and it tastes good. Mark: So try, oh yeah, so let's try your pinot when it's cooler. And you see how the flavors are focused? Emily: Yes. Mark: It's more refreshing. Emily: Yes. I really like wine. This is a really good day for me. Mark: So, for the final test, to see if you've really learned how to be a wine connoisseur, is we are going to pour Champagne against non-Champagne bubbly and see if you can taste which is the Champagne. Emily: So, I know Champagne only means the wine that comes from the region of Champagne, correct? Mark: Precisely. But only those grapes, from that region, can be called Champagne. Everything else is sparkling wine, or cava or prosecco, yeah. Emily: I'm ready. Mark: You're ready. And look at this. A blindfold. Mark: So, I'm pouring two cava. Cava is basically what they call Champagne in Spain. Emily: What should I be tasting to know that it's Champagne? Mark: Does it taste perhaps higher quality? Often, Champagne has a certain yeasty, and I mean that in a good way, baked-bread quality to it. And so the question is, does one of these have that extra dimension. Mark: So, two Spanish cava, one Champagne. Like a shell game, I'm going to move these around. One of the cava has a bit of rosé, just to make it even more difficult. Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. Try, try, go to this one. No, no, to your left. Yeah, lid it, spin it. Another thing about real Champagne is the bubbles, the texture tend to be pinpoint, they're not bigger. They don't slap you around like a Canada Dry. They have a kind of creamy texture. Emily: This to me feels like the Canada Dry. I'm ready for the next one. Mark: Your second is right here. Is this the Champagne, or is it the cava? We don't know, you're going to have to test it out. Emily: It smells different than the first. Mark: Breathe it all in and then taste it. Emily: I think this is the Champagne. Mark: Taste it. Why do you think this is the Champagne? Emily: It had that yeasty smell, and it has those creamier bubbles. I think this is, I haven't tasted a lot but I think this is it. I feel confident. Mark: Now try the third. Emily: This one, this is the rosé. Mark: Oh! Emily: Am I right? Are you kidding me? Yes. Thank you. Mark: I can't believe it. Emily: I can't believe it! Mark: We have a $20 Spanish cava against a $70 real Champagne versus a cava rosé. You guessed every single one of these. Ooh, I knew it! Mark: It's amazing how people at the very top of wine truly know how to relax around wine. As time goes on, you learn to loosen up about it and that the strict rules you thought were there are no longer there, and you can have fun with it and find out what you truly like. This is your portable la dolce vita, and that is maybe the best way to end any wine tasting. The look on her face says it all. Emily: Mark has shown me that to drink with the city's elite, all it takes is just a little bit of know-how and a whole lot of knowing how to have a good time. I think I'm a little tipsy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yulfi [1 likes]: "They don't slap you around like a Canada Dry" 😂
  2. @fanatiek1 [1 likes]: Anti snob 🤣🤣🤣
  3. @ms97-studio9: Ever wonder why some people have a distaste for those exclusive, ultra-high-end wine spots in New York? There’s a place out there so elite that you basically need to be a celebrity or incredibly wealthy just to get a personalized tasting with the owner. And that kind of exclusivity is exactly why everyday folks feel alienated by these places.
On the flip side, we have people like André Mack, a down-to-earth sommelier who became known through the Bon Appétit YouTube channel. He brings wine culture to the average person and makes it accessible and relatable. It’s people like him who open doors rather than close them, and that’s exactly the kind of attitude that earns respect from the broader community. 

Some might argue that keeping things exclusive for the upper class is intentional—I get it. There’s a certain allure in catering to a niche crowd. But in reality, a smaller vineyard selling moderately priced wines consistently over time is often far more profitable. Those ultra-rare, one-bottle sales might make headlines, but the vineyards offering quality bottles at $10 to $50 a pop are playing the long game and bringing in way more steady revenue. It’s the difference between a one-off luxury splash and sustainable, inclusive success.
  4. @chulangaaverilhettiarachch3267: To the person reading this: Even though I don’t know you, I wish you the best of what life has to offer ❤
  5. @guitar911rock: he's not even drinking inn crystal glasses. this guy sux
  6. @spamham1976: 500k collection and serves 20$ wine. Yeah ok buddy. You can keep those empty bottles and tell someone else a story
  7. @watchoutticktock3660: 😩
  8. @SpencerMedici: It's hard to beat the DRC
  9. @TheShangdi: Pembicaraan ttg pengorbanan di UKRIDA :
@Niko Panjaitan
@Josua Satria Collins Ginting
@Ricky Pramono Hasibuan

@Microsoft Excel Sekolah Maria Fransisca
  10. @chicagolifetv: I love the insider girls mouth and the way she talks❤
  11. @thewhitewolf58: Poor people go on pub crawls. The rich have "wine tastings."
  12. @petemccutchen3266: This guy doesn't actually seem to know a lot about wine.  He's no sommelier.  And -- I have to say, I very much doubt billionaires taste with him.
  13. @westgarthwines: Makes you wonder what his casual, everyday wine choice would be. '61 Cheval Blanc and a burger?
  14. @LagunaSomm: $3,000 per ticket? Okay, that’s actually not bad at all. When I heard the words “billionaire” and “celebrity” and saw the prices on the bottles, I was thinking it was going to be ten times more, but I could actually afford that. I mean, not once a month, but maybe once as a Christmas or Birthday present or something, you know?
  15. @neomage2021: That 1933 Madeira isn't priceless. I paid $700 for that
  16. @timchase9829: Full bottles much more exciting that his collection of mt ones
  17. @VividMiddle: hold by the stem sir.
  18. @paris8777: why does this feel like a parody episode 😆
  19. @user-cp5rs4vt8t: Well he is no snob alright... did not open his jacket when sitting down.
  20. @DanaSeat: I like wine🍷🍾

- Inside A $21 Million Luxury Wine Collection: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to luxury logic the number one spot for content about the extravagant lifestyles of the rich and famous what would it be like to own a 21 million dollar wine collection at luxury logic we prefer spending a little more and drinking quality wine over any alcoholic beverage so if you enjoy some vino as well feel free to sip on a glass and enjoy yourself in this short video here's a little fun fact did you know hollywood star johnny depp spends thirty thousand dollars every month on wine so for wine lovers there's no price limit really wines are a part of the heritage of many cities around the world and one of those cities is vienna we will be taking you to vienna a city in austria and if you are a wine lover you'll be excited to learn that there is a wine paradise below the streets of the city don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel and stick around until the end to see what is inside a 21 million dollar wine collection vienna is one of the most visited tourist spots in the world and for the admirers of quality wine and trust me even though quality wine like the ones you can find in vienna is expensive really expensive but spending so much on a bottle of wine is not abnormal wine is an art and it is appreciated all over the city this is what vienna is known for the wine production in the city is massive and their wine is not only admired by locals their wine is exported all over the world and people absolutely love it locals consider wine a part of their heritage and they take it seriously like very seriously if you serve them cheap wine bottles like the ones you can find in the department stores during christmas or new year in the united states they'll spit the wine in your face they are as passionate about their wine as italians are passionate about their pizza doubt it try serving an italian person pizza with pineapples it won't end well coming back to vienna there are multiple wine cellars throughout the cities among which many wine cellars are even hundreds of years old even though as we mentioned vienna has a large number of wine cellars there is one wine cellar that stands out for its highly expensive collection of wine the total valuation of the wine bottles in that seller 21 million dollars we will be taking you inside vienna's palais coburg and there we will be taking you a little below in their exotic wine cellar which is an underground paradise for wine lovers this huge wine cellar is based on four levels and the seller houses over sixty thousand bottles of quality wine drinking a beer or any cheap alcohol anywhere in this cellar is a horrendous crime locals here respect wine more than anything and some are so passionate about wine that they might not smile once they look at their wife or children but their favorite bottle of wine is dearest to them anyway so this wine cellar in palais coburg is europe's second largest wine cellar it is based on four levels where you can find a wine of all types not everything is on sale in this seller even though you can buy whichever quality wine bottle from the massive collection there are some wine bottles that no one is allowed to buy those bottles are part of the seller's history speaking of history let's talk a little more about the history of this ancient wine cellar so this massive underground wine cellar was built inside the 16th century ruins in the heart of the first district this wine cellar is one of the oldest wine cellars in the world and even though there are wine cellars in the city that are even older than the one we are talking about in this video the collection of wine that the wine cellar of palais coburg possesses is absolutely incredible it is definitely a place for people who admire the art of wine and it is for people who would spend thousands of dollars on a bottle of wine in short this is not a place for people like me who goes to the bars with the cheapest alcohol palaicoburg is one of the few places where you can drink rare wine while gazing at the original wall that used to surround the city center of vienna in the 1500s you might also enjoy a private concert if you are invited to the right party vienna is an interesting place and the people over there are quite interesting you'll see gorgeous men and women you'll see amazing street artists and the food is pretty great as well now let's talk about the exotic wine collection in palais coburg's wine cellar the cellar has its own aura and the ancient shelves and interior take you back in time when people would kill for a fine bottle of wine the wine bottles are kept on their shelves in a very organized manner some ancient bottles of wine which are hundreds of years old and are so rare that there are just a bunch of bottles in the whole world are kept in a place that can only be viewed you cannot even touch those bottles as your hands might have destructive fluids that'll destroy the bottle which is hundreds of years old but still drinkable as they say the older the wine the better and in this case the more valuable it is speaking of valuable the most expensive wine that has been sold in the seller was a 6 liter of latour 1961 imperial the price that the buyer paid 170 000 to put that into perspective you can buy a pretty luxurious suv for that much money heck you can even buy a lamborghini huracan for that much money as a matter of fact you can buy it with change but well a bottle like that is priceless therefore no matter how much a wine lover spends on it it will always look like a bargain to him or her the collection goes back to 1727 with an ancient bottle of riesling which is perfectly drinkable but as we have mentioned those bottles are only for viewing not for sale and definitely not for touching the wine heritage in vienna is absolutely remarkable they make the finest wine in the world and are one of the world's highest wine producing cities people would spend a lot on rare wine bottles here and won't regret it once this is a place for wine lovers so if you ever get to visit the seller do not call the bottles expensive thank you for journeying with us inside a 21 million dollar wine collection under the streets of vienna if you like this video press the like button to show some admiration it won't cost you anything if you like our content and want to see more from us press the beautiful subscribe button and press the bell icon over there so that you can get notified right away we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @carmenfashion: Love it 😍
  2. @donnellvaughn8030: I would love to visit this place!!

- Inside the £2,000,000 Wine Cellar  |  Feeding The Super Rich | S2 | Our Stories: Kind: captions Language: en The extravagant cravings of the super rich are growing. The UK's luxury goods market is worth over 30 billion a year. Every week, a new supplier arrives in the hope of taking a bite out of this lucrative high-end business. New Yorker Jerry Tooff has four days to crack London with his extraordinary product. This bar and this box is to us a piece of artwork and each bar is individually engraved with the bar number. >> Jerry claims to be selling the world's most expensive bar of chocolate. >> In the UK, for example, the the price would be £195. And for your £195, you also get a handmade wooden box, a 100page booklet, and some special tweezers. >> Our chocolate was made to express the aroma almost even more so than than the actual flavor in the mouth. Our idea was to kind of try to distance our fingers from our nose as much as possible so that we would get as much of an unadulterated feeling for for that aroma. >> For Jerry, his chocolate is almost too good to eat. >> Sometimes people the people just want to pop in their mouth. It's almost painful to watch and there's been times when people will be, you know, moving to pop in their mouth and I'll be like, "No, no, no, not yet." We have the bar itself here. We took a lot of pains to to make sure that the the bars have a clear sheen on the surface. So, I'm always extremely careful to never touch the surface of the bar. I only hold it on the ends. The appearance of the bar is important. >> Jerry and his team of four chocoliers handmade the bars themselves from a rare cocoa found in the Ecuadorian rainforest. >> One thing to take into account is that we've only made 300 bars. We made 150 bars of our light. We made 150 bars of our dark. We work really slowly. Jerry has three tastings set up to sell the product. He hopes a little of his precious chocolate will go a long way. >> I have three bars of our 2015 Rain Harvest light and then three bars of our dark. Currently, the most expensive chocolate bar in London is £20. Jerry needs to turn the market upside down with his £195 bar if he's going to make his business work. >> It is a bit polarizing. If you can buy bars of chocolate that cost, you know, £4, why would you possibly pay so much more? If I didn't know more about chocolate, I would also have that same reaction. I would probably be in the side of people that thought that think it's it's it it's ridiculous. The luxury food market is a highly pressurized place to do business. Once you found a niche, keeping ahead of the competition and maintaining the standard your high-end clients expect is the key to success. >> Digging, there's only one little slice of clam in there. >> Daniel Hume supplies top-end food to the owners of private jets. I like to walk into the kitchen and it'd be really busy cuz if they're standing around twiddling their thumbs, one, they end up killing each other and two, it's not good for business. >> Ex- private chef Daniel set up the company a year ago. It's grown from three chefs to 15 and now handles 50 flights a week. >> I had catered on yachts as a chef and I'd catered in private households as a chef. I thought, well, someone must do the catering for the aircraft. So when I looked at the industry, there were some good companies, but I just found that there was a need for something that really pushed the boundaries. >> His team of boundary pushers caters to their clients every whim, no matter how exclusive or mundane. >> We had a a sports star used to fly backwards and forwards from London when they were based in the US and they wanted pie mash and green liquor and monster munch and chocolate bars. Everybody has their vices. Everybody likes their fun food and their comfort food. >> That English sports stars pie and mash cost over £1,000. >> Good afternoon on air dining. Amanda speaking. How can I help? >> Hi Sarah. >> We don't. We go get that one. Sushi and sashimi. Would you like me to send you a menu over and then you can have a look through? >> Okay. Now we do go into London to go get it from Sumisan. Is that okay for you? >> Today a Pakistani oil billionaire wants sushi for his lunchtime flight tomorrow. >> Okay, lovely. >> Yeah, no problem. I'll do that for you now. >> On air have a special relationship with Mayfair's Sumisan restaurant, which means they'll open at any time for a price. >> They open at 12:00, so we're not going to be able to get back in time for their flight. We ring them and we say, "Would you mind opening early for us to come and have this sushi and sashimi?" >> But you pay for that. >> It does come at a premium. Yes. >> It's going to be for 10 people. And therefore, to do 10 people on that, you know, you're looking at £4,000. >> At 5:00 a.m., delivery driver Stefan is dispatched to London to pick up the sushi. This out of hours delivery will add an extra,000 to the bill. They'll be there cooking their food now, ready for me to pick up for 8:00. >> On Air spends $50,000 on Sumisan takeouts every year. >> This door. >> Oh yeah. We got on here. >> Yeah, mate. From on air dining. Got a collection. >> Yeah, I get it. >> Cheers. Receipts in there in it. Yeah. >> Thank you very much. See? >> Cheers. Sushi on board, Stefan has 2 hours to get to the Harrods private jet terminal at Luton. Just in time for a very expensive lunch at 30,000 ft. >> Hi, it's um Stefan from On Air Dining. I've got catering supplies. >> We won't do second best. We won't run up the road to the local Chinese just in case. It's got to be the best. And that's what our clients expect from us. >> But delivering the best comes at a cost. Not just to the client, but to Daniel's business. >> Are you making a profit? >> Are we making a profit? No. We are not profitable now. We have because the reason being is because we've ramped up from an operational point of view to have a team of 15 chefs, logistics team. The wages is our biggest cost. >> Hello. Daniel and his wife set up on air dining with two wealthy investors. >> My wife and I, we've invested everything. I mean, I had to borrow heavily against credit cards and highinterest loans and we really struggled and we, you know, we had to put food and kids clothes on credit cards. So, if it's about how much we've risked, then yeah, we gambled everything, every last penny and even money that didn't belong to us that we had to borrow from banks and credit cards. So that's why you need a very supportive wife. >> The bigger the business gets, the more people you got depending on you. So it's not just your family and your life and your children, you know, is every person you employ depends on you at the end of the day. So that puts a lot of pressure. >> When we're making profit regularly, it will be the pressure will ease with regards to the stress and the sleepless nights. Isabelle and Daniel are on their way to cracking the super rich market, but they need more business and they need it fast. >> Many of Britain's new super rich are Russian. They spend half a billion a year on London's finest properties. One Russian has even bought a shop, the poshest offlic, Hedanism Wines. It's run by Tatiana Fakina. For us, wine is about drinking and hedonism is about drinking wine. So, even if it's an old wine, even if it's um you know, a very rare bottle, we would ideally love for our customers to taste it rather than put it away and never have a sip of it. Wines costing mere thousands are on the shelves. But for something rather special, you need Tatiana's key. >> This is the old vintages vault where we have the most treasured bottles. The bottle that I would like to tell you more about is the chat dam 1811. it it will cost you precisely 98,700. Interestingly, I have a customer who uh said that if he gets the bonus that he is expecting to get this year, he will buy it. But not only will he buy it, he will drink it. The shop's Russian clients think nothing of spending thousands on a bottle then drinking it in the same evening. >> Obviously, the situation in Russia has changed dramatically in the last 30 years. And people who didn't have access to anything gained access to everything. And I guess this is the key point about Russian mentality that you don't know what will happen tomorrow. You can be a billionaire today. You can say something wrong about our government tomorrow and the day after tomorrow you can be an exile. So if you have a great bottle of wine, the hedinistic approach is drink it today, drink it with your friends, share it. >> But some customers have a more conservative approach. Wine collectors are big in London like Austrian financia Klaus Umik. >> I do not know um that much about Austrians but I think Austrians would be much more reasonable than Russians are. >> Thank you. >> Claus has a wine collection worth millions. >> How long is it since you started collecting? >> Rather recently. So I uh probably started like eight eight nine years ago. >> Okay. I also have a stamp collection from my grandfather. Once a collector, you become a collector. The only thing I don't collect is cars. >> Football stickers. >> Yeah, I did that when I was a kid. Yeah. >> Today, Klaus is trying wines from Hedenism's special vending machines. >> This gives a chance to lots of people to taste a very large variety of wines at a very small price. >> So, that's £26.50 for a single mouthful. This has got Claus's name on it. Definitely. >> Okay. And the name of the wine is the thrill of stamp collecting. >> Mhm. >> It's very nice. I'm a lot less of a drinker uh than I am a collector. I probably would want to limit myself to once or twice a week. >> What's the scale of your collection in terms of numbers of bottles? >> Uh it would be around 20,000. >> That's a lot of wine. We would be providing for some binge drinking for a while for a number of friends. >> Good morning, Samantha. This is Charlie from On Air Dining. >> In Stanstead, Daniel's staff are prepping another last minute order. >> This is a quite a big order that we've just got coming. It's for one of our quite a large client and I need to organize um stuff like crispy cream donuts. uh Lola's cupcakes. They want some sushi and some Arabic food. I'd like crispy cream donuts on my private jet if I if I had one. >> To make the business pay, they need to maximize the cost of everything. So staff don't just make trips to Mayfair, they're also regulars at Waitros in Bishop Stford. >> So now what do you want me to pick up? >> Mini Philadelphia cream cheese with the bread sticks or without the bread sticks. So, I'll be back in a bit. >> With the Philadelphia and bread stick order ticked off, ex-soldier Mac now needs a pecan pie. But wait are out of stock. You're >> right. >> Oh, sorry. >> And basically, I've had a bespoke request for a pecan pie. Now, unfortunately, our chef is flat out, we'll pay anything. Do you accept damx as well? Hi Tim, it's Mac. Um, no pecan pie unfortunately, but the Belgian chocolate cakes. I feel completely ridiculous going into shops asking for the most random items going. But it pays my mortgage, so I can't complain. >> Max's mini bread sticks and chocolate cake will cost the client over £200. But this concierge service isn't enough to turn a profit. Daniel needs to find new >> We've built a brand aiming to the ultra high net worth market that we can plug in other businesses to to maximize the amount of money we can make from the investment. >> He's decided to expand delivering food to the homes of the super rich as well as to their jets. This is really important to that we can do this to the houses now. And you know, if they're eating it in the air, why not eat it in your house? >> For the launch of the new venture, Daniel is considering an amazing new ingredient to serve at his first dinner party. >> You want a showstopper. You want something that you can come back and say, "Check this dish out." >> So, he's heading to Norway to north of the Arctic Circle. He's heard of some rare and exclusive shellfish and wants to convince a supplier, Rody Sloan, to sell to him. What I tend to do is I tend to work with things in the ocean which are not common. It's kind of like being a chief scout for Manchester United but in the ocean in the food world where I go and I look for new talent. >> Rody only supplies this to a select few. Some of the best restaurants in the world. So I have to make this journey. I have to come up here to to show him and give him the confidence that we are the kind of company that will really look after this produce. >> Daniel must impress Rody if he wants to claim a place in this exclusive and highly marketable club. >> Hey dude. >> Hey man. Pleas to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. How you doing? >> Good. Welcome to Artic. >> Thank you very much. Today, the sun's out, but Rody often dives in highly dangerous Arctic conditions. He's hunting for rare shellfish like soft shell clams, mahogany clams, and sea urchins, which he flies direct to Denmark's NMA restaurant, voted the finest in the world. >> This is really where I made my name was with the sea urchins. We put these in the market for a long time. All of a sudden they become hugely fashionable because NMAMA started to work with them. This is the product that linked NM and I together. And this is the product that everybody wants. This is the story my clients are after. They want to understand where something's come from. The provenence, the story behind it and how you create a dish and you make something that's more than just a plate of food. >> So we're going to give you an experience of your lifetime. By the time the sea urchin hits the plate, it's worth over £1,000 a kilo. >> So, you're about to taste something. Okay, that's just going to be magic. Not many people get to do this. This is to me the best. So, feel privileged. This is the roll that we're going to eat. Just give me your hand. >> There you go. >> Is the sweetness that I wasn't expecting. >> Yeah. >> Really sweet. The sweetness really knackers your brain, doesn't it? >> And the and but then you've got that kind of salty kick from the sea that comes in afterwards that kind of adds to the >> but the after flavor that you've got left over in your mouth >> just hangs. >> Just hangs. >> You realize this is the phenomenal amount of money you've just eaten. >> It's like tablespooning caviar from the tin that basically you know >> that's quite a flavor. The shellfish costs as much as the finest beluga. Sir Daniel must prove his cooking skills before Rody will agree to supply him. A little closer to home, ex- cavalry officer Charlie is Daniel's first lieutenant. He's checking out another new product. We found this wonderful little artisan supplier which is just up the roads um at the other end of the runway in Stanford. little place called um Elam. So, we're on our way there today to go and um see this chap and see what he's got to offer. >> Michael Johnson has created a drink that he believes has no rival. >> We expect it to be drunk alongside the finest wines and champagne and so on. This is a luxury water we're talking about. Most top- end mineral waters come from mountain springs or glacias. Michael discovered his when he redeveloped an old jam factory. >> Do you ever say that it comes from underneath the jam factory in Essics? >> I we we haven't said that, but um because it it it didn't come from exactly under there. Um I it comes from over above a confined acryer. That means a big lump of chalk full of water. >> We wanted to make a statement. We wanted to be different to everybody else. Um, and we positioned ourselves right at the very top because we think this is the finest water you can get. If you want something special, this is this is it. >> Michael decided only a perfume bottle designer could do his water justice. To have a premium water, you've got to dress it correctly. This bottle, it comes together in two halves. So, a lot of expense and time and trouble has gone into creating this bottle that has a different shape. This glass has got a clarity to it that you wouldn't find in other bottles. It's designed to show the water off. >> Elsen and water is shipped all over the world and commands a premium price. in some restaurants up to30 a bottle. >> Water itself is an exquisite product to be admired, revered, and enjoyed on its own. >> How crazy is that? We're You're one side of the airport, I'm the other, and we've never met. >> I'm absolutely fascinated by this. Yeah. >> Come down and let's have a chat. That water, does that look pure to you? >> Yes, it does. >> Got to give it a go. >> Treat it like red wine. Show room temperature. I am treating a live red wine. Good. >> But is it worth its 30 price tag? >> It's it's it is it it is just refined. That's the only way I can describe it. There is no hint of any metallic trace on there. Uh pure as pure can be. >> It's always the same. Pure. P U R E. In a world that values exclusivity, Charlie has another item to sell to on-air Dining's wealthy customers. Water. Who would have thought that such exquisite water would be so close to us? Eh, or even that exquisite water even existed so close to us. Or even that exquisite water existed. Full stop. In central London, New Yorker Jerry Toth is trying to sell the world's most expensive chocolate bar for $195. >> The very early days, I said, I think it's going to have to cost something like $40. That was before we we decided on on the Spanish Elm box. In New York, potential customers will happily spend 3 hours with Jerry, tasting his exclusive but small offerings. >> I brought some chocolate if you'd like to try. >> Will London chocolier Anna Francois Wayne be so patient? I've got a problem really understanding what's driving that really high price cuz even if you come the wood box and the leaflet and it's a bit over the top for a bar of chocolate that's 50 g. >> Jerry opens the first of his six bars. I'm >> almost afraid to touch it. >> But Anna Fronis doesn't bother with his special tweezers. >> He's handed little to the cocoa because he wants it to be all about the bean. He's hoping that's his USP. >> I don't know if you what you wanted was to get the floral notes, but if that's what you wanted, I think it's very acidic. >> Okay. >> Um, you know, chocolate should kind of take you on a journey. So, you should have kind of a beginning notes and then middle and end. And I think at the beginning, you do get a bit of the floral, but then the minute the acidity kicks in, >> it becomes a really fruity. And I think for me at the end, it's a stringent. >> I find the end of it not pleasant. bit like vinegar. >> This is a bean kind of declaring itself brashly. >> That is not how people eat chocolate. What they want from chocolate is a pleasurable experience. >> An's chief taster, Danny, arrives to try. >> 80.5. >> Uh-huh. >> Can I be honest? >> Doesn't taste like an 80% chocolate. So, Artisander's chocolate won't be buying Jerry's bars. >> I don't see what differentiates that fine chocolate from my fine chocolate, apart from some packaging. >> And that's before Danny discovers Jerry's price. >> £195. >> You're joking. Is it? I thought it was 130. He said 195. It's even more than I thought. >> Don't put that on camera. Oh my god. Really? He said 130. 195. If he's got a magic formula for him to sell a bar for £195 at 50 g, I want that magic formula cuz I'd quite like to put them into all of my stores. >> Did it make you think about your pricing? >> We believe that we're making something different. To what extent will will people pay for that? And and you know, that's an open question. Will Jerry have more luck tomorrow when he tries to sell direct to London's super rich. >> In Norway, 300 miles north of the Arctic Circle, Daniel Hume is experimenting with rare seafood for his new venture, a luxury athome dining business. >> Right. So, here comes a point where uh this is a chef test. Open one. >> Fisherman Rody Sloan wants Daniel to prove his chef skills before he'll agree to supply him. >> These are my products, okay? And they represent everything about what we've built here. I'm just I'm quite passionate about it. I'm slightly nuts as well, but it's it's it's my ocean. It's been my life for a long time. And um and I can't like have my hard work ruined at the end. We'll um we'll have a little play with this then. Well, >> I just let you do your meals on plast. Yeah. And I'll come back and just you can maybe feed me a finished dish and explain it to me. >> I've never had to cook something for somebody or do a taste test for to sample anything from somebody before. This is challenging cuz obviously I want to showbody that we we're going to look after the product. I'm just playing. I'm I'm playing. I'm looking at Don't want to hide the flavor. You don't want to mask it. I'm still a little still unsure about that. >> So, how'd you on? Do >> you know what? It's so it's it's it's it's a lot harder than than than first expected. That's pretty good. >> It's pretty good. You know, it's kind of like a more I don't know if you put like a soy in it or something like that or >> just add in a bit more. >> What I've added to it is this. It's a It's a seasoned soy sauce, so it's had infusions put into it. >> I think it's been a really good day. Yeah. And uh I really like his skills. Uh I like his knowledge >> with Rody's ingredients. Daniel could create a very special dish, the perfect launching pad for his company's expansion. This is the beginning of hopefully a beautiful relationship. When the wealthy find something they like, they'll happily spend millions. >> Hi, how are you? >> Austrian financia Klaus Umech has 20,000 bottles of wine worth over2 million. He likes vintages from important years in his family history. The oldest things I have are from the 40s because that's when my parents were born. Um, so I have, you know, I have 41 eams and I have 47 uh shar 47 or so. So those are, you know, kind of sort of trophy old things. These things do get drunk, but you know, unfortunately not on a regular basis. But for me, it's more the um, you know, the whole the whole evening that surrounds opening one of these trophies that uh that makes it uh something that you will always remember. Klaus doesn't actually drink much of his wine, but he does like to look at it. So, today he's paying his wine a visit at its secret home in the heart of the Wiltshire countryside. >> You'll see the entrance. It's very tiny and hidden away very nicely. So, we're going to open a treasure box. It's a highsecurity establishment, the wine equivalent of Fort Knox. >> Claus is meeting his wine expert, Charles Curtis, who will check the condition of his collection. >> Basically, this is health and safety equipment, which must be used when going down. You may carry these over your shoulder, by the way. Very good. Thank you. And there's yours. 58. Thanks. It might not look much from above ground, but underneath it's a different story. 100 ft underground is a million square ft of air conditioned vaults storing some of the finest wines in the world. Over 10 million bottles worth more than 2 billion pounds. Clients include Andrew Lloyd Weber and Sir Alex Ferguson. It's so big it's even got its own train. It's like the Louv of of the wine industry in the same way that you can't get through the Louv in a day. There's absolutely no way to get through here in a day. Rack after rack of the most incredible treasures of the world of wine stretching literally a half mile in that direction and a half mile in that direction. Time for Klaus to inspect his treasured >> Do you have a look at whether any of the corrosion and the wear is commensurate with the age? And then, you know, Charles will now go into checking color, uh, height of the wine, how much of the fluid has been has escaped through the cork. >> The levels are good. I mean, it's 85, right? So, it's a >> it's a 30-y old case of wine. This 1985 Montreshrache was originally sold for around £50 a bottle. >> Charles, what are they worth? >> Depends on the day you're buying them of4 to5,000 US a bottle. >> So Clouse has done rather well. >> The thing I love about looking at his collection is almost everything is pristine. He's put it together in a very intelligent way and that and that they're all wines that will appreciate in value, but at the same time they're all wines that he would love to drink. Every time the markets are bad and people are panicking on one day about China and then happy about it the next you go go and you sell a you know inhale the smell and there's a real value that you care for and it's a hobby and if everything fails you drink it up. >> In today's fluctuating global markets Bancia Claus's liquid investments are safe and secure. New Yorker Jerry is trying to sell his 195B chocolate bar, but the first meeting was a disappointment. He's trying to keep a sense of perspective. >> It's only chocolate. It's an easy thing to forget for me and and for our team. I need to remind myself of that sometime. He's waiting to meet a big retailer, but in the meantime, he's going direct to the client, pitching to some allimportant rich chocolate fans. >> Well, I love chocolate. Who doesn't? I know. So, I'm intrigued. >> Jerry is honored. There's even a princess present. Jasmine Abasi. >> I'm expecting a chocolate that is absolutely grand to eat. Chocolate is for two reasons. is either for one's personal consumption and it has to be exceptional or you give it as a gift to somebody you want to impress especially at this price range. So it has to be beautifully packaged, beautifully presented as well. >> Jerry wants everyone to truly appreciate his chocolate which means no one gets to taste it until they've heard the full >> I love talking about it. We've definitely done tasting events that have been 2 and 3 hours. The ladies don't have 3 hours, so Jerry's trying to keep it brief. >> This is the same wood that we ferment our cacao beans in. And so, five people working full-time year round to make 300 bars. Couldn't just be a standard bar of chocolate. It had to be from this really special source. >> The shortened pitch takes over an hour. And they've still not seen the bar. >> There's too much marketing. Sometimes simple is easier. He's not the right person for marketing. He needs to get quicker and he needs to get rid of all the buzzwords that are, you know, we we forested and we harvested and all that. All those have to disappear and he just has to sell his chocolate. >> How do you feel your pitching's going? >> I think I still need to condense. I think I spend too much time giving everybody the every little detail. And I I think I would love to learn how to I'm not very good at sound bites. After the long tease, Jerry finally unwraps his first bar of precious chocolate. >> I can smell it. Can you smell it? >> The sheen looks good. >> Perfect. >> We initially produced over a thousand bars and we rejected about 800 because there were imperfections on the surface. >> And finally, it's tweezer time >> because it is a nuanced aroma. Um, so if you'd like, take you can take a tasting utensil. You can use your hand to grab it if it's >> Are you feeling like a proud father at the moment? Yeah. >> Yes. A little a little nervous also, but proud father. >> This is going to be fingers and that. All right. >> And when when you eat it, um, put it after after the aroma, put it in the back of your mouth and maybe bite it into two or three pieces, but don't chew. Just let it let it melt in your mouth. What we're looking for is a progression of flavors. It should show us different things in different moments. >> Well, it starts off bitter at the back of your mouth, right? >> For sure. >> There's a smokiness to it as well. >> It's really smooth. >> It's really smooth. Really creamy. Absolutely. >> It's very pleasing. >> There's nothing added into it. There's no >> nothing. There's no cacao butter, no vanilla. >> Pure. >> Gosh. Did you not think it was expensive? >> It is overpriced for this market because people here go into any other store and they will pick up a bar of chocolate or even a box of chocolates. 50 60 70 and that's fine, but that's a real box of chocolates, not a bar. >> Would you buy it? >> Yes, I would >> once in a while. I might add that. I I did like it, but would I pay £195? I'm not like yes, you know. I'm not like Yes. I mean, I wouldn't pay. Jerry's marketing trip is coming to an end. He's got one more day to sell his chocolate to the UK. At Onair Dining, Daniel chefs are preparing for the launch of his new in-house dining service. using the seafood he sampled in Norway. >> These aren't just gimmicky items. The flavor is amazing. >> The chefs have come up with a very special deconstructed clam chowder, sweet corn custard, clam juice, consame, and bacon bits. >> That's really good. It'll be the centerpiece of the company's first athome dinner party event. >> You're looking at between about£150 to 200 per portion. And it's it's not about trying to charge them in inflated prices. It's about that's the value of that product. And that's very important. >> With the signature dish complete, the staff prepare the rest of the exclusive seven course meal. >> This looks good. This is going to be This is exciting. Right, let's get this packed. We got to get going. We're going to be late. >> Daniel wants to prove that his new athome service will be just as good as his private jet business. >> We're really putting everything into this tonight. Have we got water, coffee, all that sort of stuff? >> Yeah, we've got water. >> Alongside the Nordic Seafood Medley, they'll be serving the Elsenum water. Daniel's price for the water just £12 a liter. >> I'd certainly like to try some. Um, I I'm sure that the packaging is is beautiful and it it certainly looks like it's worth the money. >> I think it's ludicrous. I think it's it's it's people spending money just for the sake of spending money. >> Okay, John. There we are, mate. No. Yep. That's it. Wonderful. >> And um we'll see you there. In London, Jerry's about to head back to New York after 4 days trying to sell what he claims is the world's most expensive chocolate bar. >> To be quite honest, um, hearing Jerry say the price at £195 a bar was was more than shocking. There's a lot of very high price points of products out there including skin care for example where you where it may not work but it becomes known as the most expensive product and therefore buying it becomes a status symbol. So this chocolate becomes the top end of the market and represents people who can afford to buy it. That's a different cache in itself. >> Yes. >> Jerry has one last chance to impress a buyer in the UK. >> I'm excited. This is this is what I came to London for. and it's happening now. So looking forward to it. >> Harrods have agreed to hear his pitch. >> Two hours and half a chocolate bar later, Jerry finally has some good news. >> Meeting with Herod's went great. They're they're fully on board. They really want to position this as something really exclusive. We're going to work on building a really special display case. Uh, >> that's exciting. I mean, it's >> building a display case is a lot of work. >> You still look so serious, Jerry. I have the weight of a very expensive chocolate bar in a leather bag and on my arm >> in a mansion in one of London's exclusive suburbs. Daniel and his team are preparing for dinner. >> We're adding as much theater as we can. We've got the Elsen and Water, which one of the most expensive waters in the world. And we're also using our shellfish that we brought all the way back from Norway to just add that added kind of wow factor to the to to the meal, you know. So >> Daniel usually provides food for private jets. This is the firm's first athome dining event. >> We're looking at probably in the region with wine included between £500,000 per hit. He's testing his new home service on his investor, Robin Southwell, who used to run aviation giant Airbus. >> He's a real foodie. Real foodie. A good client of mine. He's traveled all over globally on private jets and and eaten in some of the best places. And he knows his wine as well. >> Yeah. I'm a I'm a shamelessly an entrepreneur. I look for opportunity, invest in opportunity. I take risks, take big risks. I I say shamelessly cuz I'm I'm not embarrassed. I'm prepared to accept the downside, but I'm equally prepared to enjoy the upside and I'm a lucky man. >> Daniel has brought in wine expert Tom Harrow to source rare and expensive vintages to accompany each dish. >> With the fuagraph, we've got this absolutely insane the Asencia known in fact as medieval Viagra. Pope Leo I 13th actually survived for eight extra weeks drinking nothing at this st. I kid you not. It's only 2% alcohol. They make barely 2,000 bottles. They've only made five vintages since 1990. And >> I was just going to say, what's the spoon for? >> Well, absolutely. See, you can't serve a drink like this in a in a glass. So, you get your own handmade crystal spoon to drink it from. >> So, the first dish you've got this evening is fagra. >> We shall be serving something exceptional with this. This is the very first of the world's fine wines. It takes 40 kilos of grapes to make a single half bottle of this wine. This sells in some restaurants. It's $125 a >> and they serve it in the >> It's like a combination of of wine and honey. You >> It's pretty special stuff, isn't it? >> How's it going? Tom's doing his >> They're loving it. It's great. It's great entertainment. They're really having fun. It's um you can tell because they're all smiling and when their fa the faces light up and then the next bit. So this isn't just about delivering a dish to a table. This is about you know it goes in front of them and then you get the story behind the wine and the food and all the rest of it and they're loving it. You don't get that in a restaurant. >> After fuagra a medieval Viagra, it's time for the main event. Arctic Circle seafood. What we've got here is is we've got a mahogany clam and we've got a soft shell crab. And each of them have different flavors. >> So delicious. >> Marvelous. >> What a shame we only get so little. >> I'd like double that. >> Has anybody tried any of this yet? >> I think food is an emotion. I really do. I feel like when there's amazing food in front of you, you do tend to go through a journey like starters, anticipation, mains, that's it, and then dessert. Wow. Yeah. >> For pudding, it's peanut cheesecake with wild berries served with Elsenum water. >> So, I'd say there's like a chalky >> quality. It's like a chalky slightly saline character. >> So I think you can smell the rock where it comes from. You can smell the rock. >> Which you can't smell in other in other waters like in Pier or something. The bubbles taste far different to any sand pelro that I've ever tasted. >> But what did Daniel's staff think of a 30 bottle of water? >> It's very nice glass of water. >> And what does Daniel really think of this world of excess? the business that we provide and the service that we provide in this unique experience pays my staff's wages, supports them and their families. So for me, it's just economics and for those that can afford it, fabulous. And and and I love the fact of being able to supply that. And every single person who works for me, they can't afford to have one of these dinners, but they love the fact of delivering an experience to somebody. >> Gosh. After seven courses and seven different wines, >> gosh, >> host Robin, >> seems pleased with his investment in Daniel's business. >> What a wonderful, >> decadent, enjoyable evening with friends, with family. I am replacing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlycheeseislife [5 likes]: The chocolate guy is a muppet.
  2. @onlyme-1966 [5 likes]: The world is f , , , ,t up
  3. @linaaleksejunaite7793 [3 likes]: premium water lol
  4. @onlycheeseislife [2 likes]: The airplane food guy....losing money supplying to a client base where 'money doesnt matter'.....


'.....and bacon bits.....' HAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHA
  5. @justincorley1914 [2 likes]: lol
  6. @TeachersTVAfrica [2 likes]: As long as they are privileged then they can afford it just that 195 pounds is salary for 2 teachers in Uganda 🇺🇬 and school for a some children for a full year.
  7. @bethjay5225 [1 likes]: The super rich....gullible?
  8. @CristianStefanescu-fy5oc: 195 for 50 gr of chocolate,mad and sick to pay to this clown
  9. @CristianStefanescu-fy5oc: we live in a crazy world
  10. @onlycheeseislife: Next time i have a party I'm serving wine by the spoon.
  11. @onlycheeseislife: 20,000 bottles worth £2M.....is 100 quid a bottle on average!!!
  12. @Novau-w6i: 👍🏽👍🏽🙂Okay.(😂)
  13. @TheWeardale1: 28:05 who wears their watch like that?
  14. @Hardhatmediaa: 44:50 what a beauty

- Inside the Underground Wine Cellars of American Millionaires: Kind: captions Language: en For most people, a wine collection means a few bottles on a kitchen shelf. But for America's millionaires, wine lives in underground fortresses carved into mountains and hidden beneath sprawling estates. These aren't just storage rooms. They're luxury sanctuaries worth millions where rare vintages age in perfect conditions. Today, we'll step inside five of the most spectacular underground wine sellers in America. Wine is more than a drink for America's wealthy. It's a symbol of taste, culture, and power. Millionaires invest millions into underground wine sellers that double as vaults, museums, and entertainment spaces. These sellers are not only about preservation, but also about showcasing exclusivity. From stone-lined caves to high-tech chambers with biometric security, these underground sanctuaries redefine luxury. Join us as we explore five extraordinary wine sellers where America's millionaires store their liquid treasures. Five. Morgan Creek Vineyards, Minnesota. In the heart of Minnesota, Morgan Creek Vineyard stands out as the state's only underground winery. Built partially below ground, its design naturally controls temperature and humidity, creating ideal conditions for wine aging. Wealthy collectors are drawn to its sustainable architecture and intimate atmosphere where barrels are stored beneath layers of earth. Beyond storage, Morgan Creek offers a boutique tasting experience that feels like stepping into a hidden chamber. For millionaires, it's less about volume and more about authenticity. An exclusive seller that combines Midwest charm with serious luxury credibility. Four. Valhalla Vineyards, Virginia. Nestled in Virginia's Blue Ridge Mountains, Valhalla Vineyards is famous for its hillside wine caves carved directly into stone. These underground sellers maintain perfect aging conditions, and their cathedral-like interiors create an unforgettable atmosphere. Millionaires often book private tastings here, where candle light flickers against stone walls and rare vintages flow. The blend of rugged mountain caves with state-of-the-art technology makes Valhalla a favorite among affluent wine lovers. For the wealthy, it's not just about drinking wine. It's about experiencing it in a space that feels part myth, part masterpiece. Three. Palmes Vineyards, California. Deep in Napa Valley lies Palme's Vineyards, home to one of the most jaw-dropping Built 18 stories into solid rock, this gravity flow system is both an engineering marvel and a luxury playground for millionaires. The dome-shaped chamber has been described as a cathedral to wine. Blending futuristic technology with timeless tradition with smart climate controls and spaces large enough to host grand events. Palm is more than a seller. It's an underground kingdom. Millionaires flock here not only to taste rare vintages, but also to witness the future of wine preservation in action. Two, the Builtmore Estate Seller, North Carolina. America's largest privatelyowned home, the Builtmore Estate houses vast underground wine sellers that remain a symbol of oldworld luxury. Built in the late 1800s, these sellers were designed to store and age wines in the grandest possible style. Today, millionaires and connoisseurs enjoy private tours and tastings surrounded by rare bottles resting in fortress-like chambers. The sheer scale and history of the Builtmore make it a destination for the wealthy seeking both heritage and exclusivity. More than a seller, it's a journey back in time. An underground reminder of how America's elite have celebrated wine for generations. One, Delado Historic Caves, Napa Valley. Known as the wine caves of Napa, the Delado Historic Caves are a favorite of America's millionaires. Handlaid stone tunnels, candle lit tastings, and luxury marble sellers create an atmosphere of pure indulgence. Here, rare barrels age quietly underground while wealthy visitors enjoy curated tours paired with gourmet food. Delta combines oldworld craftsmanship with new world extravagance, making it one of the most exclusive wine destinations in the US for millionaires. This isn't just about tasting wine. It's about stepping into a world where history, luxury, and indulgence blend seamlessly underground. From Minnesota's hidden chambers to Napa's cathedral-like caves, underground wine sellers in America are more than storage. They're masterpieces of luxury. For millionaires, every bottle is a statement of taste, culture, and exclusivity. These spaces serve as vaults, museums, and playgrounds all at once. Now, imagine if you had unlimited wealth, would you build your own private underground wine seller? Share your thoughts in the comments and subscribe for more inside looks at the world's elite.

- How to Build a Wine Cellar: 5 Pro Tips that will Transform Your Wine Storage Experience: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever asked yourself do i really need a wine cellar a wine storage area if you've asked yourself that question then the answer is absolutely decades ago i started drinking wine i'd buy to the grocery store bring it home put it in the refrigerator and that night or within a day or two i'd drink it over time i found myself with a few extra bottles that i didn't know what to do with i bought a wire wine rack that held six bottles then another six later i got a wooden rack that held 12 bottles then 30. once i became a sommelier i was tasting more and more wines and went to the next level 288 bottles ouch i have a friend who builds multi-million dollar homes absolutely phenomenal homes and wine cellars to go with them some of these spaces he creates cost ten thousand fifty thousand a hundred thousand or more just for the wine cellar whether it's my friend or you and me we're all doing the same thing we want a place to store a wine you know the primary difference is the amount of money we're going to invest that's what we're going to talk about building a wine cellar a wine storage area here we're going to focus on five things that you want to consider these are the things you want to consider as you plan to build your space they are location climate control carpentry electrical and plumbing and wine racks keep in mind at any time if you like what you hear or if it makes sense click like or subscribe or hit the little bell so you'll be notified when there's a new post the first step is to find a location here i'll give you the basics on finding a good location but because this is the most important piece of the puzzle i put together another video that goes into a little bit more detail it's called the six elements of wine storage you really ought to check that video out as an overview for this video perhaps there's a little used closet or other vacant storage area that could be repurposed for storing your wine or a portion of your basement or actually your entire basement as we get into this don't forget you'll need to deal with water drainage for your climate control and humidifier both will eliminate water from the area so you'll need access to the outside or to a floor drain if you use your basement the natural temperature in a dugout in ground basement ranges from 56 degrees to 64 degrees it remains pretty constant throughout the entire year that means it's a good idea to construct at least one of your cellar walls on an exterior basement wall that maintains a consistency in temperature for us we took a location in the basement and worked with it we defined the space and added some paint and some a little additional decor to soften this space up a little while i already had several hundred bottles my goal was to define the area with my storage and studio plus get better regulation on my temperature and humidity that's actually the second thing to consider climate control which includes temperature and humidity my temperature was a constant 58 to 60 so we dealt with the humidity we wanted to get it to an acceptable level so we use the dehumidifier for small and mid-sized space you might want to consider investing in a self-contained stand-alone cooling unit something that's specifically designed for wine and wine storage now i'm not talking about a wine refrigerator but a specialized unit for wine areas that looks looks a little bit like a small or mid-sized ac window unit you know a couple of these in the market that you might want to consider are breeze air cellar cool wine guardian or actually my favorite whisper cool these simple systems are vented or ducted into an adjacent room or into a room that's 10 to 20 feet away or even outside now if you're dealing with a larger space you'll use a forced air system with duct work along with an evaporator a condenser and an exterior compressor much of that will go outside actually the bigger your budget you can pretty much put your cell anywhere you darn well please how are you doing there is this information beginning to make sense if it is write asti in the comments below okay the third area is carpentry whether you're going to do this yourself or retain the services of an architect and contractor before you get too far into the project it's a good idea to have a plan what do you want and want to accomplish and you probably need to check with the local governing bodies to get the necessary permits to get your project started now as far as the walls are concerned if the room is already finished it's a good idea for you to place a vapor barrier and foam insulation on the walls if unfinished you need to think about framing the walls and sealing using the standard insulation plus install the vapor barrier and then hang your drywall over it the fourth is electrical and plumbing consistent with your architectural plan even though the cooling units will go in later you'll want to frame the space and run your electrical and drain lines during the construction process additional plumbing will be necessary if you're going to install a sink now here's a little added bonus of the floor and the and the door as far as the floor is concerned with the humidity set at 60 or higher carpet is sure to harvest mold and mildew so if there's any carpet in the room you'll need to replace it with hardwood granite tiles or porcelain tiles because my wine area doubled as a studio we used a high density interlocking rubber flooring that absorbs sound and the door depending on your budget and desires installing an insulated door with weather stripping is a good option the fifth thing is laying your wind down wine racks generally it's best to store your wine bottles on their sides this is called laying your wine down this enables you to keep your wine longer and also saves room there are a wide variety of racks designed to hold your bottles for more about them check out my video types of wine racks so your wine storage are you going to have someone do it for you or do it yourself is it going to be elaborate or simple remember whatever you end up doing your wine storage area will be absolutely perfect because it will fit your dreams desires and well there you have it you've got the essence of building a wine cellar a wine storage area use it to your advantage and let me know how it turns out now don't forget there are a couple of my other videos that may prove to be helpful to you the six elements of a wine storage area and the types of wine racks if you enjoyed this video and it was helpful to you let me know in the comments below make sure you subscribe for new videos that come out every single week and give it a like if you liked it if there's someone you know that's interested in wine make sure you share this video with them i'd really appreciate that and ring the bell to be notified when i post other videos folks i'm here to help and serve you as we learn more about wine together i look forward to you joining me on facebook at ask two wine consultants instagram at ask the wine consultants if you have any questions let me know in the comments below and if you're looking for some wonderful wines check out my website www

  Top Comments:
  1. @yin-longqiu3333 [4 likes]: I love your down-to-earth approach!
  2. @yumisoaresgjrum9493 [3 likes]: Thank you for this very informative video.
  3. @trevoranderson6096 [2 likes]: Super helpful video! My wife and I just bought a home and want to convert a basement room into a cellar... but we have no idea what we are doing lol
  4. @thomasschellberg8213 [1 likes]: One issue not addressed here is adequate humidity, as if the opposite is always the problem. I have the impression that fifty percent is adequate humidity, and I humified my Wyoming basement to this level.   Now that I moved to western Oregon, I thought that it would no longer be a problem, but I am still finding basement relative humidity of 30 percent in the winter. I think I will have to humidify my basement, even though winter weather here is very wet.
  5. @pocketsilks [1 likes]: What’s if you live in a townhome and rent, but have about 500 to 800 bottles?
  6. @SherifaNakalema [1 likes]: I am here but I really have no idea about this topic.  Just supporting your channel.  I hope you understand. Thanks.
  7. @Andy32410: I'm starting a wine business I california where basements don't exist. I need to follow every tip possible to get my initial production location up to standard.
  8. @JimCarley: Asti
  9. @myrahouse2368: I want to make lively storage for the wine under my stairs.

It’s dark I could put glass doors on the front … it’s how to cool it.

Thanks for he info.
  10. @coziii.1829: Permits I’m out in country never needed permits
  11. @timm6438: Asti
  12. @ricardovelasco1365: Thanks for the info.
  13. @kevincross4302: Good info, however we live in the South .... no basements and much hotter temps... I'm still trying to determine whether or not I want to rip out a bathroom to create a wine room.  Sure I can simply buy another wine Refrigerator (which is cheaper)... but what fun is that?
  14. @HimanshuJeetah: Asti
  15. @tedcoenen3594: Thinking about getting a wine room when we move into our bigger house. Defined something I would be interested in diy.  Good video
  16. @JE-lj4rw: Zzzzz
  17. @user-jf2mc7vd8f: Asti
  18. @demetrisvlachos6086: good info , thanks
  19. @bibime0706: Asti