- Here's EXACTLY How I Test & Scale Meta Ads In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en One of the many things that prevents brands from scaling is an effective testing strategy. Now, I have developed and I'm using a proven testing framework that works for brands spending as little as a few hundred per day up to $10,000 plus dollars per day. In this video, I will walk you through the exact campaign setup, the exact testing setup, show how to implement it and explain exactly why it works so well. So, first of all, campaign strategy. The way we are running is simple. We have one main campaign where we have top of funnel ads, middle of funnel ads and bottom of funnel ads all in one. Because this campaign is a CBO, your budget distribution between bottomfunnel ads and topfunnel ads will be perfect. Because in a CBO, Meta is spending most on what is having the biggest scaling potential. That means getting most people into your funnel, which leads eventually to a conversion. Unlike in testing, you don't run into the danger of overspending on bottom of funnel ads with high frequency, which then burns out your funnel and forces you into a dip for many weeks or months before you find the next top of funnel ad. This is, by the way, one of the reasons so many brands have this roller coaster performance. They have great performance, scale, overspend on bottom of funnel ads, empty the funnel and then nobody is nurtured and they need to start the nurturing all over again. My approach prevents that as long as you add strong top of funnel ads to the campaign and mainly test those. So the way this is structured is that we have one winners adset there. We have all strongest winning ads of all time and just one adset always ready to spend. By the way, if you wonder how this looks like in an ad account, I'll show you that later as well. For now, I explain the highle overview. So we have this winners adset and the reason for that is because in a CBO generally yes we have the algorithm taking care of what gets how much spent where it makes sense to spend where not and this even allows to not spend on low-level tests that won't perform anyway but still the rule is the less variables the algorithm has to work with the easier it will be for the algorithm to solve the equation just like a math equation that you need to solve. It's way easier if you have only one unknown variable than when you try to solve an equation with three unknown variables just like in school. So that's why we reduce the number of variables as much as possible by having a winner's adset. Now you might be thinking how is that helping to reduce variables even though we add an adset? Well, because if we have a winners adset, Facebook will mostly spend on this winners adset and only spend on new tests when they have actually the potential to outperform the winner's adset or at least serve as a decent support in the ad account. Once you add the winning ad into the winners's adset, the spend will often shift back to the winners's adset even if a testing adset was outperforming before. Then you can turn off the testing adset. And this essentially helps you to reduce the number of adsets in the long term. Now, when it comes to testing adsets, we would have five to 10 testing adsets every single week running. We just launch them all usually on Monday and then we see throughout three or sometimes 5 days how they perform, if they pick up spend, if they pick up spend and perform or if they don't pick up spend at all. And based on that, we make a decision of whether we should keep this adset or turn it off or transfer the winner into the winner's adset. Then we have three variations per adset. Now, why is this the case? This is simply because we use one adset to test one ad idea or one ad concept. So, let's say our ad idea is traditional UGC video in storytelling format with B-rolls. Because the hook is the most impactful thing, and if that doesn't get watched, the whole ad doesn't get watched at all. We prepare three different hooks that target three different angles. This way, we have way more chances to hook people in, but also based on the budget allocation, we see what angles resonate the most with our audience, regardless of whether it will turn out to be a winning concept or a losing concept. Now, to demonstrate how it would look like, this is an example. Here's a full ad three times with three different angles. I'll play version one so you can take a look at how this looks like. This was one of the winning ads we made for our brand. >> Ever notice how those flies keep coming back even after you've deep cleaned the kitchen? Drain flies breed in the organic sludge that builds up deep inside your pipes. Even if you scrub your kitchen spotless, they're going to keep coming back because you're not removing the breeding ground. And homemade hacks like boiling water, vinegar, baking soda, they only work on the surface. That sledge stays trapped. The flies keep breeding and suddenly they're everywhere. That's where Dr. Pooper Drain Fly Killer comes in. Its fast acting formula breaks down the organic gunk where flies breed, stopping the infestation at the source. Unlike surface cleaners, it expands into the hidden corners and dissolves the buildup. It kills drain flies on contact. And it prevents them from coming back. Safe for septic systems, plumbing, and even older pipes. Four complete treatments per pack. Perfect for kitchens, bathrooms, and floor drains. Don't keep fighting the flies you can see. eliminate their friends that are having a secret party in your drain pipes. Click the link below to get your drain fly killer now. It's guaranteed to work or your money back. >> So, you can see this was the entire video, but the hook was the following. kitchen? >> So, basically the flies coming back even after you deep cleaned the kitchen. Let's take a look at version two where we have another angle as the hook, but then the same body. boiling water, vinegar, bleach, none of it works to get rid of the pesky flies in your kitchen and bathroom. And here's why. Drain flies breed in the or >> and then you probably already recognize the body of the video continues in the same way. So here we have a failed solution angle when it comes to home remedies. Here we have a failed solution angle when it comes to deep cleaning the kitchen. And then here, version three. >> Those annoying little flies buzzing around your kitchen, they're not coming from your trash or fruit basket. They're living inside your pipes. Drain flies breed in the or >> and then it continues again in the same way. So you can see here that we have three different angles but with the same body and this is what we run under one test adset. And this is the exact reason why we can learn based on the budget allocation because if it would go to version one we know that the deep clean angle resonates the most. If it would go to version two we know that people resonate with home remedies that failed and so on. Now what we also pay attention to is to hit the whole funnel and all awareness levels. You might already know that the least aware levels are actually the biggest in the market, but most brands only focus on targeting one or two awareness levels per persona. We target all of them because each persona exists in each awareness level. There are different subpersonas depending on the awareness level. So, we create an awareness funnel where an unaware person can go from unaware and not having a problem or not or thinking that they don't have a problem to most aware and thinking I have a problem. I want to solve it. this is what I want to buy to solve it. Now, this is the main campaign, but next up, we also have a promo campaign. In the promo campaign, we have three identical adsets with the same ads inside. The only difference is the targeting settings. So, usually we run everything broad 18 plus and let the creative do the targeting. For the promo campaign, we also have a warm retargeting campaign and a hot retargeting campaign. We also have a warm retargeting adset and the hot retargeting adset. The purpose of those is simply to leverage the data. But usually we see that targeting broad gets actually still the most spend and the most purchases. So Meta's algorithm really got already that well that it doesn't even need predefined retargeting adsets. Now why is this working well and why do we have a separate campaign for that? First of all, this is working well because if we put bottom ofunnel ads into this campaign, Facebook already sees, oh, this is an ad with a promo. This only resonates with bottom of funnel people. So we will only show it to bottom of funnel people. This is why the broad adset usually does the best. Now why do we have a separate campaign for that? This is simply to control spend between promo campaign and main campaign. I go by the ideology that we have only one campaign per business objective. Now the business objective of the main campaign is simply customer acquisition and scaling. The objective of the promo campaign is to convert bottomfunnel people with urgency and a specific offer or sale. And obviously when we want to empty the funnel that aggressively, we don't want to give Facebook the authority over when or if our promo ads will get ad spend. but we will just force it in a separate campaign. Now the last one is the retargeting campaign and honestly this is something I rarely do at this point because as I already said retargeting ad creatives in the broad adset are perfect at retargeting and retargeting happens in the main campaign. However, sometimes it makes sense to run catalog ads because those are perfect automatic retargeting sometimes even prospecting for meta. We just keep it broad but often we see a higher frequency on this one. So this serves also as a retargeting campaign and very rarely when I see that the frequency of the account is overall pretty low because we have so many topfunnel ads and Facebook is focusing on them and not even retargeting much then we would also launch a separate retargeting campaign to empty the funnel faster because we can afford to do so and get additional profit from it. In this case we would sometimes run an evergreen winning adset basically a duplicate of that but with retargeting settings of the last 180 days. Now, this is the full campaign structure that can take brands from testing a product to spending 10, 20, or 30,000 per day. Let me also show you how the structure looks like. Now, while I'm showing you this, it's important to remember that the structure I've shown you is the overall skeleton that works and that we use to scale dozens of brands. However, since every brand is very different by itself, we will have some custom adjustments to each ad account to scale them in the best way. In this case, you can see we have the broad main campaign which spends the most amount of money. If we go in here, you can see we have a bunch of test adsets and and everything currently running and spending as an average rows of six. This is exactly what the brand's target is and it's generating us over 200,000 in additional sales from Meta alone. On top of that, you can see here's a promo campaign. This one is actually off because obviously we only run it during promos, but you can see the frequency is obviously higher on this one and so is the rows. Very typical for a promo campaign. Now, next up, you can see here's our catalog ad campaign. And interestingly, this one is working really well for this brand, not just as retargeting, but also for prospecting. You can see that the frequency here is lower than on the other campaigns. So, it's working really well as prospecting. And then we also have a duplicate of the broad campaign, but as a bit cap campaign. Now, again, this is the custom strategy just for this brand. Can't say too much about it, but let's say this brand just depends on external conditions a lot. And based on those external conditions, we will have days when we can spend way more and other days where when we can spend way less. And this is where we have the bitcap campaign. So it automatically scales on those days when we can spend way more. Now, if you run this kind of campaign structure, all you need to scale is a solid creative strategy and strong ad creative that can scale together with the ads management. That's exactly what I provide for 7 to 9 figure brands that are looking to scale past 1 million per month. If you're in that position right now, click the first link in the description because that's exactly what I can do for you. This month, we're onboarding three more brands. So, if you want to be part of them, click the link and schedule a call with me. Keep scaling. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @therealilyaskhan: very poor strategy bro; if you keep pushing winning ads in to the winner ad set, you're kicking back the ad set into the re-learning phase each time. Terrible content; Someone with no knowledge can easily be misguided
  2. @theceoguy1: When you move a test ad to a winner adset when is it correct time to put it off you did not go in depth in to that
  3. @theceoguy1: what budget to start a cbo with 1 winner adset and 5-10 other adsdets based on the tof mof bof and awerness stage's. What budget is fair enough to start the campaign with and what are the scaling rules on that?
  4. @GuardifyPlus: why should I have bottom of funnel ads in the main campaign if I can just put them in the promo campaign.
  5. @Dhruv.Edits007: nice

- Copy This Facebook Ads Testing Structure To Find Winners FAST In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up, you guys? Anthony here. Welcome back to another video. In this video, I want to show you my exact Facebook ads testing structure for finding winners fast. And the best part is that I'm actually using this exact structure as we speak on a brand new case study store. And the results have been pretty solid so far, even though it's quite early. But this is the structure that I've been using. And all those people that say long form ads only work for 65 plus, um yeah, we're going to prove that wrong with this store. Anyways, without wasting time, let's jump into the video. And as always, everything I'm about to show you is also verified by dozens of community results. So, shout out to Sammy, 100k profit in 30 days. Shout out to Wilhelm, 10k day 14, which is insane. Eva hit 100k a month. And Citron hit $1,000 a day. Shout out to all these people getting their first sales. Sebastian, first two sales. Um I'm using a new mouse, so that's why it's Anyways, you get the point. Bunch of results. Okay, so here's the setup, guys. CBO campaign, highest volume. And we're going to talk a little bit about some of the reasons why I run this setup, but I'm pretty solidified in this being the setup, especially for people that have a lower budget or you're just starting out. CBO campaign, highest volume, $100 a day. We're not messing with cost caps. We're not messing with bid caps. $100 a day is the absolute bare minimum that I would recommend. Um if you cannot run a $100 per day campaign, um and if you have to run something like $50 a day, I'm going to be honest, I really don't think you should be touching paid ads. Um I would say that you're better off doing something like organic drop shipping or just getting your capital up, picking some high value skill, and then figuring out how you can work and arbitrage that. So, working at an agency, working as a freelancer, doing media buying, um until you can get to the point where you can run $100 a day. You can do, you know, 50 if you absolutely are just dead set on doing drop shipping, but honestly guys, anything less than $100 a day, you're just not going to be getting sufficient data. And you're also going to be getting very microscopic windows of data, and it's going to make decision-making very difficult cuz you're going to fluctuate so much. When you're at $50 a day, you get two sales, then you get zero, then you get three sales, then you get zero, then you get one, and then zero, then zero, then two. And it's just for somebody who's just starting out, you're probably not going to have the emotional uh stability to be able to handle those fluctuations and your panic. So, $100 a day is the absolute minimum I would recommend. Then, um I would recommend that you also run no more than five ad sets at a time. I try to limit it to even one to two if I can. So, I'd rather run multiple uh ads in one ad set or two ad sets than try and do five ad sets. And the reason for that is because I also like to use what's called a 10% minimum spend. And I'm kind of jumping ahead now, so we'll just talk a little bit about the settings. So, very simple, broad, 18 to 65 plus, no interest targeting. Uh usually targeting the top four. Um so, I've actually started just grouping the countries that I want to um target in testing because why not? Um obviously when you're just testing, you're not going to have the budget to or it would be unwise to do one campaign per country at $100 per day. So, why not just group them in and cast the net as wide as possible. Then we do auto placements, and for anyone that doesn't know big four, just in case, this would be USA, Canada, UK, and Australia. Uh you can throw New Zealand in there if you want. Automatic placements, so we're not touching any of that. Again, no cost caps, no bid caps, none of that. And then we're using a 10% minimum spend. So, basically, what I'm saying to Facebook is I want you to try and spend a minimum of 10% of the campaign budget on this creative. Now, I prefer the percentages compared to setting like a actual dollar amount spent because uh 10% obviously is relative to the budget that you're setting here. So, a $10 minimum if I have like a $2,000 campaign isn't really much, but as long as I have it on 10% it's going to basically adapt to whatever my campaign budget is over here. So, I kind of like the 10% since I don't really have to track all these different quantities. You can also go 5% uh as you start to increase this, but I like 10% it works for me, okay? So, then I'll be usually have as I said no more than five ad sets. For me the sweet spot right now has been having uh two ad sets on at a time. And I think there's something about this where like at $100 per day uh you're already at a very small budget um and unless you have you know, crazy uh win rate like every creative you put into your campaign just hits, um you know, a lot of the times you're basically just diluting your budget. And if you do have these 10% of minimum spends and you have you know, five, six, seven ad sets in here you got 10% minimum spends and they're all hitting the no sense. You're going to end up in a situation where all your ad sets are just spending very little and you're moving very slowly. So, the way I uh envision this is like um if any of you guys remember John Paul, the drop shipper, he had this analogy of like ad sets being tightrope walkers, right? So, these you know, those guys that get on the tightrope and you know, say this is the imagine he's on one foot, right? So, this is like your ad set, right? So, if you have multiple ad sets, right? And you have let's say multiple of these guys. The way I uh He doesn't have a head. >> [snorts] >> So, you have multiple ad sets, right? The way I see it is um you know, if you have more than the more ad sets basically you're adding here, right? And let let's say the goal of this is to get uh you know, you get a conversion every time this guy crosses the rope. Um when you have you know, multiple of these and you have a small budget, think about it like these guys are moving very, very slowly, right? And um, basically, why that's bad is because the slower they're moving, the less data you're accumulating and the less conversions you can actually get across these ad sets. Now, imagine if you, like, you had a bunch of these, right? And every time you deleted one, the power or whatever transferred to the other ones. So, basically, like, you know, this guy over here, he'd get deleted and his uh speed would go over to these two guys. So, now these guys are going to move significantly faster, right? So, that's kind of how I envision my campaign and my ad sets where I know the less that I have, the more budget is going to flow through one, the more data it's going to accumulate, and the faster I'm going to be able to make decisions. And it's also going to make decision-making easier because with more data, um, yeah, you know, it's easier to make a decision on a campaign when you're spending, you know, $60 through one ad set and it's getting a bunch of conversions every single day versus $10 where you might get a conversion, you might have to wait a couple days, and so that's why I kind of prefer uh fewer ad sets. Uh, and then within them, it's really not that complicated. Um, I usually do between like three to five variations per. I know there's all this noise about like Andromeda, like you need to be launching, you know, 30, 40 net new creatives every single day. I just haven't found that to be the case. Um, I'm usually doing like between three to four variations, and, you know, it's working out fine. Um, three to four image variations, it could be three to four text variations. Basically, if you have any variation of any kind, just throw it into the ad set. The biggest thing here is one uh concept per ad set, okay? So, concept would be a big messaging change. So, think in terms of desires, mechanisms, angles, avatars. Those are the kinds of swings that would take up a new ad set. Or it could even be like, um, maybe a new way of communicating the the concept, right? Like, so, a totally brand new image or something like that. Now, when we do variations, that's typically going to be, you know, we're doing hook variations, we're doing lead variations, maybe. Just smaller iterative changes should get contained into the same ad set, okay? So, that's the setup. Super simple. Um hopefully that is very easy for you to digest. And um I have some tips here as well on how to actually make this structure and setup work. So, the first thing is that learning and feedback loops is always always always going to be more important than campaign structure, okay? So, the campaign structure is meant to be stupidly simple. Um I've experimented with a lot of setups, and I just think that like the four beginners who want to find winners and scale fast, uh learning and feedback loops and actually implementing them properly is going to beat creative uh campaign structure every time, okay? So, chances are if you are looking for a campaign structure that's going to help you scale or campaign structure that's going to help you find winners, um you're better off just focusing on making better ads, right? Cuz if you make [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ads, it doesn't matter if you put them in CBO, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cost cap, bid cap, uh you're not going to win, right? So, it's much more important that you actually implement something like this where every single creative should be going into a tracking sheet, and you should be tracking, and I've, you know, blacked out um my actual information cuz this is a case study story that uh you know, I don't want to reveal to my audience because I know you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are going to rip it uh as you did the last one. But, you need to be tracking every single thing in your uh creative, every single variable that you can track. So, your desire, your problem pain point, mass desire, the avatar you're going after, the angle, UMP, UMS, um if you're running long-form copy like I do, uh what kind of lead type, awareness level. Forgot to track that. Um hypotheses, you need to be implementing learnings on each of those, right? And then you need to be creating new hypotheses, right? So, this is a good example where I had this creative, I had a learning here, I had a hypothesis that came from that creative, which was incongruency of hook, audience, avatar, and mechanism. And we fixed that in FM 104. And if you actually go into uh the campaign, as you can see, FM 104 is actually taking off and doing pretty decent, right? And that's only because I conducted learnings and then I implemented a feedback loop to act on those learnings and create new tests. So, that's what matters significantly more than how you structure your campaign, right? Whether or not you're implementing learnings and feedback loops is going to uh dictate whether or not you actually find winners fast, okay? Next is creative quality versus quantity, okay? Don't aim A lot of people ask, "What's the minimum number of ads I should launch? How many ads should I launch per day? How many ad sets per day?" Guys, it it it does not matter, right? Creative quality matters significantly more than quantity, okay? There's only been four tests on the history of this uh or within the uh context of this campaign. And it's performing, right? So, it really doesn't matter about quality uh quantity. You want to focus on quality, right? No cost caps in the beginning since no AOV, so that's the reason why we don't run cost caps in the beginning um because cost caps require you to set a profitability target against your AOV, but if you're just testing, you don't have an AOV. So, um I don't like to use cost caps. I find that in the beginning when you have no data, no purchases, it's just better to go high as volumes so you can actually get feedback on the creatives and learn, right? It's more important that you get data so that uh that you can learn from than it is than you try and aim for profitability with a cost cap. Uh limit no more than five ad sets at $100 per day. For me personally, I um I actually only do like between one to three ad sets at most when I'm at $100 per day just because again that uh what I talked about with the tightrope walkers. Um basically, you don't want to dilute the budget too much. Um okay, shut off failed ad sets at break even, 2x break even CPA. This is something new I've been implementing. I used to be one of those guys that was like, "Yeah, just let it run. You know, leave everything on. Trust Facebook." Right? And what I realized is that that advice is really it's not the best advice for somebody who's just starting out and for somebody who is on limited capital, right? So, it's fine to leave everything on and stomach these really high CPA days if you just have a lot of capital, you're a seasoned advertiser, you know what it looks like, and you know what it feels like to run a campaign. But, if you're just starting out, not so much, right? So, what I recommend you do is you look at your break even point. So, what's the break even CPA that you have for your product? And then, spend no more than two times that per ad set when you are testing, right? So, that means if your break even CPA is 50, I would spend no more than $100 on an ad set, okay? And I know that seems I'm sure there's like seasoned marketers, seasoned advertisers that are watching this. They're probably like, "Damn, you're killing ad sets. Like, why are you doing that?" Or like, you know, just trust Facebook. Trust Facebook. And guys, I get it. Look, trust Facebook is great advice unless you're a beginner, right? And, you know, you don't have limited capital. Let's be honest, right? You don't have unlimited capital. And let's be honest, too. Facebook is not always right, >> [laughter] >> okay? Facebook loves to spend money without giving you any money back. That's their most optimal state, right? That's why cost caps fly off the rails for those of you that have run that. So, for me, I like to shut off test at two times break even CPA because it's more important that like when you're a beginner, it's better to aim for the creatives that are going to perform really well right out of the gate, similar to this one, right? Um this creative performed extremely well right out of the gate. And, you know, you're going to have those ad sets eventually as you implement learnings and feedback loops are just kind of take off in the beginning, okay? So, that's my new rule, 2x break even CPA, shut off ad sets, and then keep launching. Um don't call it a winner until it's spent 1K at target CPA. So, the thing with, you know, shutting off failed ad sets is you also don't want to get overly excited about winners, right? So, to like, you know, to me this is not a winner cuz it's spent $150 at my at well below my target, right? I'm waiting for a minimum of 1K spend at target CPA, and then I could call it a winner, and even then I would usually like to wait for like between 3 to 4K spend in the CBO before I would say it's a winner, right? But, basically, the whole point of this is don't get overly excited. If tests are cooking, just leave them to run and don't add anything new, right? So, in this case, like, you know, the tests are going well. I don't want to add anything new into the campaign yet, right? Because it's going well. I don't have any hypotheses as of now, so I'm not going to force it and just launch a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just because oh, Andromeda, you need to launch all these creatives. No, I'm just going to let the thing cook because it's doing what I want, which is making me money. Um and then some small tips, scale plus 20% after every good day or 2x until that 1K day spend, then 20% afterwards. So, for me, when I'm at $100 a day, and I want to get out of that, the main goal is just to get the budget up as quickly as possible cuz going from 100 to 120 isn't really going to move the needle, guys. It's not even really scaling. So, all these people that say, "Oh, I raised it from 100 to 120 and it flopped." No, it's it was probably going to flop at 100 anyways. So, what I like to do is I raise in 2x increments until I hit 1,000. So, this campaign right now, I think is at Let me see. Uh where's the budget? This is at 100 200. Okay, so this is at 200 a day, sorry. Um all right, so I like to 2x basically from there, so I went from 100 to 200, and then I'll go to 400, then 800, and then 1,000. Um and then that's when I'll do uh the 20%. And last, if performance is bad, your creative is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay? Feedback loops, you lazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Learn from your tests, implement this tracker, right? I I guarantee if you're not seeing results right now, you probably don't have a tracker where you're tracking every single creative and you're learning from every creative. I can't stress enough how much more important having a tracker and learning from every ad and implementing feedback loops to improve on every single ad is so much more important than uh your campaign structure, okay? So, that's it for the video, guys. I'm going to walk through how to set it up in the Ads Manager because it's uh it's fairly straightforward, guys. I mean, CBO, okay? Um I'll walk through the settings uh once. Um $200 per day. Campaign strategy, you want to have on highest volume. Um and then yeah, it's pretty much it. Then we can get into Let's just look at like the asset settings. Okay? Uh Ads Manager has been lagging a lot recently, so um All right, so in here, cost caps uh are off, as you can see, cost per result goal, none. Um and ad set spending limits, 10% daily. So, this is what I was talking about uh earlier in the video. Um so, I have a 10% minimum spend. Sorry, guys, this is so laggy. Then I'm doing Australia, Canada, UK, US. I'll motion my ad. Then I use automatic placements. And that is it. Load all the ads into that ad set, okay? So, that is it for the video, guys. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. As always, if you did, make sure to leave a like, comment, and subscribe. Let me know in the comments below what problems you're currently facing, what topics you want to see me cover next. There's a high probability I'll make a video on that exact topic, so drop a comment, let me know, and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @princeogbodo-wotw [10 likes]: So are you changing your stance on testing 5 mass desires for new products? This is kind of confusing
  2. @CyberClipz1 [5 likes]: Why are you changing this always? in paid course you say we always do 5 desires (5 ad sets) why are we now on 2 ad sets? where to put our desires?
  3. @Luka_Amb [2 likes]: When you create your FB page, do you only uplode the profile and banner images or do you make some posts in the facebook page to make it look more real.
  4. @xxraygodxx999 [2 likes]: Hey Anthony, I was curious how this info would impact ur desire testing strategy, which, as you know, uses 5 ad sets. Should I just create 2 ad sets and test 5 ads/desires each while changing the image in each ad set? Also is if my account is new, should I use two primary texts or is one fine? Thank you.
  5. @alexfromsweden5460 [1 likes]: THIS LINE: "Shut off failed ad sets at 2x BE CPA (only in testing)" 👇

Do you mean when AD SET SPEND reaches 2x BE CPA or when AD SET Cost Per Results reaches 2x BE CPA?
  6. @ashbeejohn9712 [1 likes]: Love the videos man always watch them but one thing I wanna just say that I feel a lot of people that have been dropshipping for a while seem to forget is when u first start with fb ads your budget is kinda capped at $50 a day till u make consistent spend just wanna highlight that for anyone who’s new and may have dealt with that issue like I did. Great video though very knowledgeable
  7. @alexfromsweden5460: I NEED that learnings spreadsheet. Why don't you share it bro???
  8. @Kobe24Geo: So in this case you don't care if any of the createive is working in the adset?  You just kill whole adset if its not good and that's it?
  9. @lawrencesoliman1565: hey Anthony, can you make a video about the andromeda update? it's been staggering our ad acct
  10. @NtsikeleloNgenge: Bro I wish the other guy do really implement your strategies coz they funking work🔥🔥

Bro you took me From R35k to R73k in just three days 

The time now is 13:34 and am already at R21k in revenue 


Thank you so much brother...80% of my dropshipping success is the result of your skill just off of YouTube 😂😂
  11. @campotorreswilliamandres5238: How are you using Claude for your market research?
  12. @baselhamad-m4w: All the metrics are excellent on the Meta ads, but there are no purchases or shopping carts at all. Not even a subscription to the store to receive the discount for the customer? The product is profitable; I chose it from the Facebook Ads library, and it has 90 ads for the competitor's store. And I did a better job with my ad! What's the problem, please? What's the problem?
  13. @Imnotsuremaybe: Bro why is my conversion rate so bad even with high sessions and good metrics? Even when copying a competitors offer and slightly improving. Is this an ads issue/copy issue like I dont understand, 2nd time this has happened on a test really solid metrics with 0 buying intent.
  14. @SrZebra-db2fm: To add more ads at your campain, Did you lauch in the same adsets?
  15. @AmarilisWernex: Achei interessante a parte em que você compartilha a estrutura de testes A/B para anúncios no Facebook. Eu mesmo já tentei várias abordagens e sempre fico na dúvida sobre quantos criativos testar ao mesmo tempo. Você tem alguma dica sobre como determinar o número ideal de variações de anúncios para começar? Isso sempre me deixa inseguro!
  16. @ceoadz: Did you hop on peptides? looking more tanned
  17. @CandiRayne16: When you are scaling by 2X the budget, do you edit the budget directly on the current running ad so it changes from $100 to $200? OR do you duplicate the ad and make the new budget $200?
  18. @LapucBiznes: Thank you Anthony! 
Could you make a video on how to improve ad/copy based on the metrics? 

Best Regards!
  19. @simonbossenbroek823: The problem for me is that my facebook ads manager won't let me spend more than €45 a day. So even if i have the budget, I literally can't
  20. @boranyldrm3125: Anthony I think you should make a video about how to organize a manual research. I think lots of people are struggling with organizing their manual reserach and don't know organizing it according to what. So many variables when doing research such as experiences, awareness level, beliefs and so..

- I Decoded 500+ Facebook Ads to Find What's Actually Working in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. So guys uh uh today we are going to uh break break the one of the ad account that I that I found as an interesting one. So it is basically a US ad account uh is running a uh ads of 580 ads. So that's why I think let's break down this ad account. Okay. So this is very uh maybe a 20 25 minutes video and uh not a you know not not like a fancy editing video. It's it's more like a raw pro raw video. I'm breaking the account like uh I'm not having experience with this account. Okay. So I didn't check this account before. U when I found this ad account I just noted it in in a notepad. So, so far I uh you know it's been a long time I planning to do this video. So after if the video is good and if I can provide some value for you then I will break down more of the accounts. Okay. So without further ado you can get into the video. So this is our account uh uh which is a you know which is a website uh it's a brand of passion in bike. Okay. So in this video uh I'm going to uh show you what are the products, what are the angles, what are the demographics, what are the books they are using and uh uh what which uh customers they are targeting which you know all the demographics and all also which kind of uh ad creatives uh that working for them as like that all the things okay so yeah you'll get a a good value from this video I So, okay. You can see they are doing a private ads right now. Uh you know most of the ads they are duplicated. Uh the ads that uh we can see started from most of the ads started from the 2026 only. Checking any starts with 2025. No most of the ads are starting from recent like uh the April May. Okay. So today is u May 13th. Yeah. So let's go through each of the ads and so that we can see what are the products they are trying. Okay. This one is trying it's been a it's been a while they start uh started this product which is a sound box you know and they have a good landing page and everything they saying this product has air conduction pillow speaker probably you seen this product is going viral in everywhere I think in India also this uh something doing this product okay it's actually uh you know nice problem solver I think >> not a good market I think but uh you know market size. In terms of market size, they are not a pretty good but still they they are doing a pretty problem solving product. So the product is basically just a speaker uh which only uh works under a pillow. So somebody is sleeping uh along with you. They can't hear you what the uh whatever the music, whatever the song you are listening. Okay, that's the idea. Uh and uh okay, let's go through their uh their land page. This beside sound box are flying of SH thousands of sleepers can't get enough. So they're targeting uh you know uh somebody uh sleeping with you who also you know we also we also want to listen to your music, right? That's an irritation for them. So that's the angle they targeting. Locks partner snoring without discomfort. Okay. Uh that's one another problem they indicating. Built-in white noise is library. No phone. Okay. No phone. Okay. Soft touch. Okay. They're showing some you know some features of the product. Latest again feature. It's very long battery life again feature. Okay, they put some you know uh authority here some here. So how to use it? Simple stuff and how to use a section just sleep week refresh. That's a nice nice line. Uh okay, let's get into the product page. It's not like a uh you know default Shopify page. It's a custom I think some here. Okay, not bad. Okay, that's the product there. One product they are trying. Okay, let's go through one uh one video which is okay. >> This is currently the top. >> Okay, this product on up. They can't hear it at all. Right. This is a sleep speaker made specifically for people who can't >> 45 seconds and uh good uh copy. That's anyone else to fall asleep to podcast and wake up with ears. Earbuds stick in headphones slide off especially will slip on your side. This pillow speaker just slips under your pillow so there is zero air pressure. Send sound gently through the pillow so you can hear everything without wearing anything. Set the timer and starts off after you drift off. No middle of the night more comfortable than sleeping with anyone anything or or on. Okay fine. when it comes to projector screens. >> Okay. Next product is a uh you know uh which is a uh which is a valid uh so valid for me. So let's see how they market this product. Okay. I think it's not a good market from from my perspective. So never lose so because there are lot of wallets there right? So what somebody can prefer them. So what that's what I'm exactly looking never lose your wallet again. Seven brilliant features of this RFID blocking wallet that will keep you one step ahead. Okay. Uh they have something uh something called RFID blocking. Okay. Finally a modern secure and stylish wallet that track belongs without to the ber built-in air slot ensures your val is always findable built-in. So okay. So uh this have these features like uh there is an air tag in the wallet. Also there is something called uh uh RFID protector or RFID blocking shield. Uh so so what are the problem they are solving is one is uh you can easily find your valid uh from anywhere in your home or anywhere in your space personal space. Uh it's a it's a great problem they solving. Okay fine. So uh next one is this uh you know somebody trying to scan your you know credit card or whatever sheet uh they can't can't able to uh spy your things. That's that's the second angle. A one touch card pop-up makes access as a breeze. Okay, that's feature. Ultra slim design is the high capacity without the bulk. Okay, fine. Next feature. The perfect for any m any man in your life. Okay. Okay. Those are the things I see that a great product. Okay, let's get into the next product. Several reasons your project looks terrible and how this breakthrough pixel. Okay, this is uh basically for those people's uh who already have the projectors in their form. So uh so there's some limitations about the projector, right? So a lacking of some level of clarity, right? When the projector you know uh projecting to the project. So that's so so they introduced this product and uh they're trying to say sell it as a you know an extra comfort for your projector or you know your movie time. something not sure I during long viewing sessions simply is a good product but I don't think so it's going to work in India because uh I don't know what's the market of uh the projector in India okay um so anyway it's happening in the US yeah hope >> there's a new drug that can make >> next one is like um tired of sensitivity then mine is for hydroxy toothpaste. Okay. uh which is some sort of a toothpaste and obviously that you know the toothpaste what we using the main ide they do is a white teeth right so everybody want the current toothpast I just don't want you to know about that with the hydroxy hydroxy appetite uh which is what their unique you know unique ingredient they're saying it's ultimate toothpaste okay your current toothpaste only problem instead of fixing But either under your current isn't enough difference between every single safe chemical from sensitive sens to tooth pain. Okay, just like any any other toothpaste they hold this you know all this after things like whitening and cavity fresh breathe and healthy okay so I don't think there's okay there is enough market for the toothpaste but there is enough competition as well so I don't know the problem solving or not here's the next product is a product like it works everywhere in the world at every time so this scratch repair I And uh yeah so it's just like a uh it's just for uh small scratches only. But anyway let's see how they how their marketing looks like. Some reason this scratch repair based is making body shops panic. uh they are trying to you know uh break an existing belief of the customer because we all the the customer are already familiar with the body shops to remove their scratches and they come to the market and saying okay the body shop is there something we don't need anymore we have something uh that will work in a form okay any car color matching say for your car's original paint appearance okay that's more like a dream outcome cost of a fraction of professional Yes. Uh that that means you know less less effort you know less effort in terms of money uh they they put some you know what likelihood to achieve this thing that's why they putting the reviews and all works on any car no color matching needed it's also telling how much this product is going to work for work fit for the the customer they are viewing this okay the prospect uh crashes in minutes with any any special tool here we go here you have the uh we they increase the the value of the product like erase scratches in minutes which is showing the the result happened in a uh you know in a limited time without any special tool that means without a you don't need a spec you know uh without you need you don't need much effort to do this thing uh anyway this I think this uh pretty good landing page uh it is uh giving the prospect as uh this is this is something I want to something I'm going to like experience. Okay, now let's get into the next product. This is a single speaker. >> I recommend it to everyone no matter how much money you have. You can buy it at cost price and it includes free shipping because you only need to spray it once and for you don't need to go to a car wash. Okay, this is just a regular it's a wax uh wax to make your car shiny body your car body shiny of car owners are ditching wax for this revolutionary nano ceramic coating and you should too. Yeah, it's it's a pretty good problem solver because anyone in this world or this world don't want their car to be look shiny, right? Yeah, that's the idea. uh creates an uh indestructible nano shield that wax can touch form in production. Okay. Okay. They there showing a before after most of them are fake but still for a prospect it is more convincing. Rest of that look showroom shine in under 10 minutes. Okay. That's looks uh good. Headline brightening renewal uh works on paint glass wheels frame multi-urface fit. Okay. All right. shield increases the value of the product. Pepp grime like nothing has seen advance of shield and green shine. Uh okay. Okay. It's showing like uh okay it's another feature protects your resale value by preventing C oxidation. that's increased the value that's increased the prospection of uh of the product into the next level because uh okay some of the people wants to sell their car right in in a resale market. So uh so comparing that uh uh this is a uh less this is a cheaper product uh they can get. Okay. When compared the uh the car they are selling it in sale market the the price the price difference they can uh asking for a you know uh when when they're selling their car. Okay. Okay, all done. So, this one also nice nice, you know. Then, >> whoever invented this thing definitely deserves a raise. Just look at it. Look at this. >> Not a good product. See a lot of these. This is like a uh you know Wi-Fi uh something something related to the Wi-Fi uh which tells us uh it says like uh you can get Wi-Fi anymore seven reasons why smart disponding for this pocket Wi-Fi device never go back. So it's like uh saying like uh anybody can use internet in your in the just like that phone charge all day about 50% battery. Okay. Uh okay this hand have a multi-purpose uh one is which it it gives you internet and it gives you uh a it behave like a power bank as well. So, so yeah and it's it's pretty uh small so you can carry on in your pocket and uh a button that installation takes 10 seconds. Okay, this is this is indicating the list of what uh to work. Uh your data is yours. No more question public Wi-Fi has. Okay, you saying like you don't need to connect any Wi-Fi public Wi-Fi because you have this product that's only the product you want. Uh yeah, it looks like a good product, but I don't know much about this product in detail. So I don't want to talk about much more about this product. Uh next, >> if your kids are struggling with reading, spelling, phonics, even rhyming, check out these little word family flip books. There's 30 different books in here. Each one is a different word family as well as a different color. Okay, this one is uh for uh you know children who have uh age of like uh uh maybe four to four five four to six I don't know somewhere in that range because in that range childrens are learning these kind of things right all the alphabets all the you know uh words and everything several reasons these magic books are helping children master reading in just one week and they actually love it okay they're about to discover uh discover learning tool that's more than just a book. It's an interactive adventure. A confidence building journey and love for reading all most parents don't realize that it's the best way to teach a child isn't isn't through boring repetition is through engaging hands-on play. The revolution flip book set is talking early education by by storm with a simple idea that makes learning fun and drug full of colorful stories. So I can't find any uh good brands in India they are doing this you know there is a few brands but uh those are all silent like uh most of the parents not aware about these kind of brands I found some of the brands are doing in India and the the kind of product they are testing is like most of them are toys so I don't think uh a toy brand can give you a good you know good give you a good you can scale a a brand are selling you know the the toys only. But if you uh if you give the customers uh some kind of value through their products like uh uh you know easy learning something like that the mental uh the you know uh the brain growth and everything something uh stick the product something stick to that kind of angles uh you can build a great brand around you know the children nation. Okay. So you can definitely try try you can definitely give a try. We are about to discover learning tool that is more than just a book. It's an impact. They saying like they're providing some kind of value or they providing some they are solving some sort of problem in the prospective who are the prospective here the you know the moms uh moms who have a two to three to six year old child. In fact for math is learning hands-on game. Okay. Education is my master and phone a conference of independent readers I can read for n okay still see I don't think so it's not a great product but anyway uh products like this maybe works that's what I'm saying >> look at this just look if this stuff had come out a few years sooner plumbers would be >> this is also some kind of problems that that working anywhere in India like uh at you know all the years for everything you know about brain cleaners this revolution formula changing how people deal with the clo I can see a lot of Indian profers who are selling these kind of products with their their own branding or some you know some nice uh nice looking product uh so all of them are selling like uh you know all these clocks that uh that occur bathroom or your toilet pipes and everywhere. Uh it will work perfectly. It's like a more like a form based cleaner. I don't know how it works or not but it's advertising is more like a using more eye contact you know. You can see the all the eye contact but people will actually fall into the prospect will actually fall into these kind of ads because it looks like more uh you know satisfied you know through the forms and everything they more satisfying. So that's why uh they are much interested to buy these kind of products and the products the kind of products that works well in everyone world. Yeah, there is one uh thing uh you can focus to focus while you selecting a product because one thing is the visual how much you can uh you know convince the convince to buy a prospect to buy this product is uh is in the is in the visual. Okay. uh you can see there's one product that is vending nowadays that is uh a a type of uh toy soap or something which is put into water which will uh you know there is a lot of form will there's lot of form will happen in the in the water it's it's using the uh you know the swimming pool in the the bathtub you know to to play with the children's right you already I think you found this product uh this also in India also a lot of people doing in India also uh those kind of products are working because of the visual okay with the visual only you can create uh uh good-looking visual from the for this kind of product it's just for a time it's only about uh yeah it's not uh solving any big problem but it's it's working because of the visual only that's what I'm The little heart fits inside the big heart. I found it the cutest necklace, you know, some bracelet or something. >> For people who struggle to trim their toenails because of age related joint stiffness or poor eyesight, you really need to try this late selling. So many people are selling so for the old families why the electric is going you can use for uh babies for the babies it works Okay. So, okay. Okay. Right now we are at the 20 29 minutes 29 started recording. Uh so I think uh we have to conclude this and uh yeah there are a lot of products we can we need to discuss and then we need to check uh >> whoever invent >> but I think uh anyway I will uh create an expert of the videos exact video the exact ad account so what we say so we can uh you know conclude in that video so for the time being I'm stopping the video here. Okay. All right. Thank you for watching the video guys.

- The 4 Types of Static Ads That Generate Leads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en There are four static ad types that we use to generate leads in 2026. And I'm about to share with you 24 real examples across the four categories, how to make them, and when to use each one. So, let's go ahead and jump on into the computer and let me show you. Okay, so I've got all of them here. But before I jump into that, I first just want to talk about why would you use static ads in the first place to generate leads? Because, you know, a lot of people think that video ads produce higher quality leads. And while that is true, there's definitely still a place for static ads. One, uh, to test ads, and then two, to scale ads. Because if you make video ads, as you guys know, you might spend 30 minutes to an hour making the script, then you film the video ad, then you send it to your editor, and let's say that, hey, that he sends back and says, hey, the framing looks weird. Can you film it again? It can take like two weeks to get like a full set of video ads that are good back in live. But I could spend 15 minutes and crank out 10 20 plus static ads like that. So let's just jump in and I'm I'm going to talk to you through two phases of when you would use static ads and why. Okay. Number one is to test angles. Okay. So an angle is like uh you could think of as like a painoint or like what's the main focus of the ad and we can test different angles in our ads. And this is by far the first thing you should do anytime you ever run ads because I'm going to show you guys just an example. I'm going to come back down to this um in a second, but this right here is from Meta. This is when they were kind of covering the new Andromeda update. Again, we're fully in this system now, but they really want people to test different types of concepts and different they call them motivators, but it wants to have different angles, right? And then different types of creative in each of these angles. And the thing is, once you find one winning angle, okay, especially if you're a coach or consultant or you have a small business and you're doing less than seven figures a year, guys, I'm telling you right now, one angle can take you to seven figures, okay? Now, I can't guarantee that. I don't know how good you are at marketing, any of that stuff, but I'll tell you right now, we have one primarily angle that we run and just continue to iterate and make more creatives of it. So whenever we start with the client, that's the same thing we're doing is we're testing multiple angles to see what resonates with this audience. And then once we find that angle, we're going to go ham on creative diversity. So there's two ways to kind of start this off. But after we kind of find the winning angle, we can scale with video ads. We can do all those things. Okay. So here are generally when we launch the client, again, the first thing we're looking for is angle testing. And you can do this in two ways. Way number one is um we often will launch people off with three different angles. And then we'll have a mix of statics and videos with those angles just because you know maybe one static ad doesn't hit but the other one does. And uh we can kind of like quickly analyze and see okay if I launched four to five unique ads that all have the same angle. If those get the majority of the spin that helps me identify this is the angle that I need to scale in the future. Now, a simplified version of this, right? You could do it this way. We have multiple types of creatives testing each angle. Or with static ads, you could just do this. I could do one static ad style. Okay? And you guys see I use a lot of Twitter style ads. We could just use a textbased Twitter style ad. And we could put five to 10, maybe even 20 unique angles on that same exact style. And then we can force spin to each individual one or let them compete and see which of these angles does Meta like the most and actually brings us in the most quality leads. So we have a handful of clients that do this. They'll launch five or 10 static ads. They'll see what wins. Then they'll take that and they'll turn those into videos. That way you're not wasting a bunch of time launching videos if there's no proven concept behind it. Okay. So again, we use Statex a lot to test new angles. Just this week I actually had a client that we changed the name of his lead magnet. Okay. And the lead magnet was like, "Hey, grab my blueprint." I read it and I was like, "What is the blueprint? Like, is it a PDF? Is it a video? Like, what is the blueprint?" And we launched two more um static ads, exact same copy, exact same style. One of them was get grab my 10page blueprint, so it was clear it was a PDF. And then we did another one, a 10-page cheat sheet. Okay? So, we just tested three different names for the lead magnet. And the 10-page cheat sheet almost had a double two times click-through rate. than just the blueprint without saying, you know, a 10-page whatever, right? So, it was like in the order of what performed best, the 10-page cheat sheet performed better than the 10-page PDF or 10-page blueprint, which could perform better than just the blueprint. So, we essentially doubled his clickthrough rate, double the traffic to his site just by changing the name of the lead magnet. And the only way we'd have known is if we did this test, right? So again, statics are a great way to test new angles, introduce new angles to see, does this resonate with my avatar. Okay, if you guys want to see exactly how to do this, I made another video going over Alex Herozy's strategy. I'll link it somewhere around here. But that is essentially what I overview in that video is how to do exactly just that. Okay, so again, phase number one with anyone is finding the angles. You can do it really easily with statics. Number two is once we find that winning angle, I've already mentioned this in this video, is we want to scale that with creative diversity. And I think a lot of people get creative diversity wrong or mixed up. Like with this Andromeda world, everyone's like, "Oh, creative diversity means we need to have a bunch of different messaging and a bunch of different styles and a bunch of different everything is unique." And it becomes chaos. I'm telling you right now, in your ad account. So instead, what you can do is once you find a winning angle, let's say that we tested, you know, five or six different hooks with a static image ad, we find one or two winning angles and now we go ham and we start to say, "Hey, here is winning angle number one." Uh, let's say that you're a fitness coach and the winning angle was your hormones are broken. Okay, cool. Can I take that same angle and now go ham on this and make a lot of more ads that are hitting on that pain point of your metabolism is broken? I think I said metabolism. metabolism or hormones, whatever I said before. And let's say we have another angle that did well and it was like here's how to lose your first five pounds, right? And let's say that worked well. I can take that same ad and again go ham and start to create more ads with that same messaging. Okay, so with this stage, once we find the winning messaging, we can go ham with static ads. We can make multiple different varieties of the same ad to scale it. Now, I'm going to come back to this like I mentioned uh before and you'll see this is again directly from meta. Okay, it says you have like here's what we ideally want. Here's how to get 30 different ads off of three main pain points. We've got concept one, concept two, concept three, and these are all ideally based off of the messaging. The pain points, which we've already found from static ad testing or um our initial phase one testing. Then it breaks it down into I don't know if you guys can see this, but this says hi-fi and lowfi treatment. And the best way for me to simplify that is Meta wants both high production value ads and low production value ads. And that applies to videos, statics, and reals. I mean, videos and reals are pretty much the same thing. So, whatever. But what it's saying is we want varieties of both, right? And as you guys have probably seen, some of the best ads that I see on my accounts are the ones that look extremely organic, and those would be a low production ad. Now, on the other side, there are some that are more polished ads that look like an ad that feel very professional that also can generate clicks. Well, those are just two different types of ads. So, again, when I find a winning angle, let's say I use a simple Twitter style ad, can I now take that and turn that into as many different varieties of static ads as possible? And I can test all of them very, very fast. So, using these two phases, here's kind of what I broke down as the different types of static ads. So we have the low production organic style ads and we have the high production ads, right? Again, these ones are a little bit more polished, right? These are made in Canva. They look good. While the low fry or low production value ads are look like they're made directly in Instagram. Sometimes they are, sometimes they're not. I'm going to give you guys some templates for this, but they look very, very simple. And then we have texton ads. And these ones also work extremely well. They can be made on Canva, Twitter, notes app, many different ways to make these, but they're very, very simple. They look very organic, right? So, what I'm going to share with you guys, we're going to go through how to make each and every single one of these. Now, if you guys want a template of like four of these different styles, there'll be a link down in the description, but I'm just going to give you my Canva templates. Okay? So, the stuff that I'm going over in here, I'll have examples of them. So, this is a hi-fi ad. Uh, another hi-fi ad, a lowfi ad. This is my Twitter style just like template one, which works really, really well. And then I also have another lowfi one that I just made here. Um I believe this was like last month and I really like the style too. Okay, so again two lowfi and two hi-fi. If you want that, go ahead and click the link in the description to grab it. Okay, so let's cover low production ads first. Okay, so these are organic ads that really look like they're made in Instagram. All right, this first one here I already that's going to be linked down below, but this one can work extremely well because all you're doing is really telling a story with your ads. So, if you kind of just walk through this with me, this is a photo of me and uh my fiance on actually one of our first dates where we were um at went to a vineyard and it was like our first like overnight trip that we went out together. It was super cute. And uh here's a copy, right? After making 2 million in my online coaching business in 2025, here's what I wish I knew sooner. And then I go and there's a couple different hooks that I'll I'll test as you can see here. And then I just go into talking about it more. I used to spend out an hour a day creating content, posting, engaging, hoping to book calls in the DMs. Meanwhile, I watched my competitors scale past me. They were running ads. I was posting reels. I thought, there has to be a faster way to scale. And there was. I launched my first ad, and I'll never forget what happened next. I sat at my computer hitting refresh, new lead, refresh, new lead, refresh, new lead. And after months of crickets on my post, I finally had control. I had traction right now. I batch ads one to two times per month. That's it. that helps me sign 10 to 20 clients per month and I create content for fun, but I don't rely on it to get clients. If you're an online coach doing 10K plus per month and you want a predictable system to scale, we'll help you launch ads in 14 days. Click the link below to learn more. So, that is that style. It is super simple and very very like storytelling driven and it feels very very organic. Again, I really like that style. And another one is just to make ads in the Instagram like story builder, right? Right. So, like I'm actually going to show that to you right now because you'll be surprised on how easy this is. So, let me just go ahead and show it to you. All right. So, I'm on my phone now and I'm going to go ahead and do this. So, I'm going to click on add story. I'm going to click on this camera icon on the left. And then when I pull this up, I'm going to now swipe up to go to one of my photos. And I already have a photo that's just right here. So, I can just click on it. And then this is very similar to the add-on screen that I showed you a second ago. And all I need to do here is just add a very simple like offer, right? I need to have a call out and I need to say what it is they're getting. So I could have very simple, you know, online coaches and I could put that on the top and then I could have down here. Again, I'm not really thinking too much about this, but this could be free free ads course to sign 10 to 20 clients a month. I'm going to leave download because I know there'll be a CTA that's going to kind of pop up on the screen, but I could do something like this. And then if I want to edit this, I can just copy and kind of like hover over the text that I want to change. And I could do something like this. All right. Now, this is not great copy, okay? I'm just kind of giving you example of how easy this can be, though, right? Like you don't need much. So, if you go back to my computer, as you guys can see, this is what this one actually looked like when I finished it. Made it look really good. But if I do do this, I want you to notice just the simplicity of this. I typically only do like two text bubbles, maybe three. I don't want it to be like overthe-top, right? It should feel organic. So, this one over here is one of my best performing ads for this lead magnet here probably in the last 3 to 6 months. And you can see again, it just calls out who it's for. Free Instagram ads course for online coaches doing 5K a month or more. I use this strategy to sign 10 to 20 clients per month without posting viral content. Right? Very, very simple. Okay. I like this a lot better than just having the call out of online coaches because it does allow me to kind of use my space better for this specific creative. Now, this one over here, this is is a real style format, right? So, it kind of fits more on the stories. I have more space. So, I can say online coaches, get the thousand ads course for free. You get 20 plus modules, seven AI ad prompts to sign 10 to 20 clients per month, plus 50 proven ad hooks. So, just by looking at this, the difference between these two is this one on the right here is selling more of the features that are in the miniourse, right? And this one over here is more of the strategy, the the benefit. Use this to sign 10 to 20 clients per month. This one outlines a little bit more of what they get and shows a screenshot of it. Again, I made this over here at a sauna, like I was at a cuya, which is like in Austin. It's a recovery spot. There's a salt wall behind it. I was literally like, "Oh man, I need to get new ads up this week cuz I don't have any ads." And I was like, "Oh, this could look cool." And this one did pretty well. It got us very lowcost leads. Very very simple. Right now, I'm just going to keep going through these organic ads. This one over here is uh one from Molly. Again, these are this is not my client. Neither is Da or some of these other people. I'm just just showing you examples of people who've done them. Okay, so this one I love a lot. Again, it feels super organic and it is just her holding up something with text on it. Okay, and now guys, if you wanted to make this with Native Banana, you can. Okay, I literally made one. I'm going to show it to you now because it's so easy to make static ads, guys. I use Hicksfield AI for this stuff, but I made this with AI. Okay, I did not hold up a sign. I took her image, right? Higfield is the same as Nana Banana Pro, but I took her image, that exact one, and I said, "Hey, I want to hold up a sign kind of like this person that says, "We're hiring." All right? And I had another photo of me in a studio. And it did that. Okay? It came up with that. I posted that. I got job applications from that. So guys, statics are easy. You don't need to go and get nice camera gear. You can literally take a photo that's good enough and then put it in Nana Banana Pro and ask it for you to make these things. Okay, I could probably do that with any of these. Like I could do it with this one. I could do it with all of these. I could just go to Nana Banana if I really was bad at making some of these uh very simple ones. Okay, so here's another one. This is Da. I don't know if this ad's still running. I remember saving it a while back. And again, this one is just uh helps people calculate their calories on their own. So, this one is just very simple text. It's a selfie of her. And again, it showcases what the ideal client wants. They want to look good. They want to feel good in their body. She's showing um you know, a check-in photo. She she looks good. And then inside of here, it's, you know, here are my old calories. Here are my new calories. Okay. Increase in calories. I want that. And she's losing weight or she has that physique. And here are my stats. You know, I'll calculate yours. Just let me know. Super cool, right? Very simple, very organic. Very, very organic. Okay. And then here are a couple other ones. So, again, um this one's very similar to the style I had before, right? Uh that I showed you above on mine. This is Maria's. I can't believe I'm offering this. Get 24 of my most popular business courses for 24 bucks total. Click the link to learn more. And then it's again showcasing her working on her laptop and on a beautiful location. So, I want you to notice that real quick. Both showcasing the lifestyle that people want to live. Okay? If you're using that in static ads, that's going to be really important, right? So, want the physique, want the luxurious travel lifestyle. At least you think you do. Then you start building a business and you're like, I want to work. All right. And then, uh, some other ones. Okay. This is a super simple. I'm looking for five ad. We're looking for five brides who need a photo video team for their wedding. or 2026 2027 wedding. We're offering free engagement sessions for the bride that booked this month. If you're interested, fill out that form. Super simple, super organic. I think the only thing like looking at this that I would have probably encouraged if this was my client is instead of a photo of themselves, can we have a photo of bride, right? Like on the altar because that I mean we're getting married in two months and my fiance's feed is just like bride, bride, bride, bride, you know? So, I think that would probably be a little bit more uh congruent with like the avatar and what they're looking for, but overall, I'm sure this is probably doing well. Okay. Another I'm looking for five, and this is super specific. I'm looking for five South Asian women who want to build their glutes this summer. Build the glutes. She's got glutes, right? And again, the lighting is on point. This is exactly what that ideal client wants. And then she has some uh social proof. Okay, one more from Maria. She's got some great ads. Go check out our ad library. But she's got just a very simple before and after. Like before, no followers. After lots of followers, join the challenge to get followers in 30 days. Very simple. All right. So, that wraps up the low production organic ads. Again, the point of this is it should feel organic and you should see something in the lifestyle that attracts your ideal client to want to engage. Not just the copy. It's got to be the copy and the photo that kind of complement each other very well, but they feel very organic. Now the other style of low production style ads and again these are ones that will often use to test a lot are the texton ads. These can be made on Canva, Twitter or a notes app. I have made a full video on this. I'm going to have this linked over around here as well and that video is how to make the most simplest text style ads. I literally walk through how to do all of these and you're going to be like amazed at how easy they are. Okay, so this was one of my previous in October. This actually had was the best performing ad. it performed better than video ads, etc. And I literally just went on Twitter and I typed this in. I'm shocked that online coaches aren't leveraging humanlike AI agents to book sales calls in the DMs. So, I'm introducing this new concept and I'm using the hook of I'm shocked. I saw that was working for another creator and I was like, oo, I'm going to take that and I'm going to put this new mechanism that people don't know exists yet. And it worked really, really well. Right? you can book calls without managing a team or appointment setters and it's way cheaper, too. So, it's like, oh, I want to learn about this way to use an AI uh humanlike AI booking bot. That sounds awesome, right? And that worked well. This is another one of my best performing ads of all time. And it is a super simple how to do this thing with three bullets of how to do it and then a call to action at the end. Very, very simple. And notice step number one is to download my free course, right? launch ads with it to sign five to 10 clients a month. And the last one is a benefit. Save time with a proven method to grow your business without the grind. Click that link down below to download it today. And then other ones like this. I just put together a free training covering five steps that I use to make my first 20K as an online health and fitness coach. Who wants access to it? Uh read the caption to learn more. So you'll notice that some of these have just a CTA to click the link or watch the video. And then sometimes I might push them to actually read the primary text where I can sell it more or sell the click more. Right? This one extremely similar to this one just another variation of it because it was doing well. This one is just to all online coaches. Again, one of my highest performing ads. And then these ones are just very simple. Again, kind of once I found that this style worked really well, you can see that I started to create use creative diversity to make more ads like it. Did that here. Did that here. I took this same concept over here with the three bullets. And I I have found that the three bullet style like that works pretty well for these static ads. Uh it also works pretty well for the hi-fi ads, which I'm going to share in just a second. Okay. All right. Other ads you can make that aren't like this Twitter or note style apps are just very simple textbased ads. Um these are all current or past clients that we've worked with. Again, this one is super simple. This is a pickleball player. I need five pickleball players that want one, two, three, four. These are all the things that they want. My team of PTS, nutritionist, analyt coaches guide you to success. Apply today. Very, very simple. Just text. Okay, this one over here, postpartum moms. We're looking for five moms 4 to 24 months postpartum. extremely specific of who she wants that want want to work one-on-one to tackle their pelvic health concerns, improve pelvic floor and core function and feel confident and empowered in their body without the need for child care or driving to appointments. Okay, a clear call out benefits and then a strong without condition uh which is like what they don't want, right? Click send message below to learn more. And last but not least, I'm looking for five jiu-jitsu athletes who are struggling with injuries and want to get back painf free training so they can crush it on the mats. DM me crush if you're interested in learning more and he's a doctor so he leveraged the doctor in his signature looks very professional right so very very simple right you can make them even simpler where it's just an offer like I mentioned before with a client we had this week where we just tested names of his lead magnet it was very similar to this it was like I just put together a free fat loss blueprint for women in this area click the link down below to get it like as simple as that and you can test different offer names different angles different pain points all the things with these textbased apps ads, see what performs, and then again go ham and start to say, "Okay, cool. Now that I know, you know, this style works well, how to get more fitness coaching clients, how can I turn that lowfi into a more professional one or more organic style ad and just again play that creative diversity game and have more creatives going?" Okay, so very simple categories here. Low production, we've got texton and organic style ads. And then the high production ads, I broke this into two categories. Now, if you guys are in the e-commerce space and you're watching this, the categories over there are so much more different. It's like feature driven, product demo. I'm not in that space at all. So, as you can tell, like I just I I see it. Founder story. What else we got? Us versus them and all of those. And I just don't see those applying as much to lead generation. Now, now some of them can, right? But to me, this made more sense for me when I try to break it down to simplify it. Okay? You don't need a different style of those for all of them. Like again, I I I want things to be simple. So the high production ads, I think these are even simpler. And again, I honestly use more low production value ads than I do high production value. But again, um I wanted to include these as well. And uh we do still have some of these live, right? Okay. So high production ads, there's really only two styles that I use. Number one is a direct offer and callout ad. And then number two is the offer plus three benefits. Okay, so in the direct offer callout ads, these are very similar to what I mean the copy is still very similar. It's just the portrayal of it, right? I'm looking for five online coaches who want to scale to 100k a month in 2026 with paid ads. We'll script, edit, and launch your ads in 14 days. Click the link to learn more, right? Very high production like photo of me and then the text on screen as well. We launched these. They did really well. Now, one thing just to note about static ads in general is sometimes the lifespan of a static ad is less than that of a video because the video can be more engaging and have lower CPMs, but I have noticed that if you guys do a bunch of static ads, you try to scale with them, you're going to need to launch them every single week. So, we have a lot of different variations of this ad and it has fatigued. So, a lot of the ads that perform really well are off and I could just make some new ones, but overall like just know the lifespan of them is going to be a little bit shorter. Okay, here's another creative that I made. This is actually one of the first creatives that my fiance made for me and uh they're it's a little bit different than the original one, but this was my first like winning ad. Okay, it had a little bit different copy on there, but has a very simple call out coaches and then it has the offer. Want to sign five to 20 clients per month? Test our system for 7 days. And I think it used to say something like want to sign 10 clients a month. Here's you can do it for free, right? And it was like a free training, but again it was the offer plus the call out. So all of these have a specific call out. online coaches, coaches, right? And then this one over here is for my friend Casey. She has like a mindset certification for health and fitness coaches. And again, this is still direct offer and a call out. The direct offer, she leads with it. It's a three-day workshop. Learn how the science of behavior change can help you bring in more clients, get results faster, and keep them longer. And it calls out four online health and fitness coaches, right? Offer. And then who's it for? Very, very simple, right? Sometimes you might have some kind of problem solution type stuff in there like we want this. here's the offer, but it's less text. It's kind of like, do you want this? If so, click this thing. Right now, the second type of these, again, the three bullets. I've just seen these perform really well. Now, this is Darren's ad. This is another ads coach, and I saw it and snagged it and I was like, "This is a good ad." So, I I I shared it with some of my clients, but um I like this as well. So, that one in particular has a video. So, this is a testimonial and it's an actual reel that is like embedded into a Canvas slide, it looks like. and he had a call out and then and some more criteria and thought it was a great ad. So I was like dude bravo bravo, right? And then the other ones, these are my ads and they were very simple, right? So this one over here, offer, right? Ads launch in 14 days. Done for you ads system. It will build and launch your ads for you. Unlimited ads done for you. Funnels and tracking included. Built to attract buyers, not broke leads. Book a strategy call. AI did this, too. This is not me. And I was like pretty stoked at it. You know, says Shopify. Don't do Shopify. But overall, I like it. Okay. And it got a lot of clicks. Um, just be careful with the AI. Like this one got a lot of clicks, but it didn't get as much conversions as some of the other ones did because it looks cool. So, just be careful with some of the AI ads. And then this one over here, this is another one of my old winners. So, this was like a free training for online health and fitness coaches when I just worked with them and it was a masterclass one. There's some other fitness coaching companies that took this ad, too. I saw it run for a while. I was like, you took it from me. It looks the exact same. had similar copy and everything. It's just a game we're in, guys. Like, you know, people are gonna snag things. You can't get emotional about it. But in this one over here, yeah, it just says again the offer. So, it has a call out plus the kind of offer over here and then but the benefits and kind of bullet lists, right? So, attention avatar health and fitness coaches. Here's how to sign five to 10 clients a month without a big following. Um, sign five to 10 clients a month without wasting hours on content. attract clients, you can pay premium prices, earn more, work less, and have more fun growing your business. This is your host. Register now. So, very, very, very simple. So, kind of zooming out again, all of these are the main styles that I would use with a client, right? We have low production, we have high production. And how we use those again coming over here is we first need to identify what is a winning angle. And then once we do, we can go ham again. So, like let's just pretend like we talked about earlier, if the winning angle we found was your metabolism is broken. Well, now if I wanted to make five new ads, could I make one ad from each of these categories, right? I want to make one ad on your metabolism is broken with one of these styles. I want to make one ad, your metabolism is broken text only. I want to make one ad, your metabolism is broken just like you know, women fix your metabolism in x amount of days guaranteed, right? Three benefits could be women fix your metabolism and or like, you know, problems or metabolism. It's like, are you experiencing hunger, uh, decreased sleep, decrease energy, whatever? Watch my free training right now, right? Like, but you kind of see how it can all apply and work together. So, I hope this helps. I'm a huge fan of static ads. They all have their place. I do love to scale lead generation businesses with video ads. We typically do get really good quality with them, but again, I think statics have a great purpose for what I shared above. Number one, testing new angles. And then number two, being able to scale creative diversity fast, especially if you don't have a bunch of videos on hand. All right, so that's what I got for you guys today. Again, if you guys want these templates that I shared in this video, there will be a link down here below and you can check it out and you'll get all of the static ads that I covered or these four. You don't get all 24, but I'll give you four of them. And if you guys want more help on this stuff, this is what we do with our paid clients. to learn more about that. Underneath this link with the statics, there will be a link to book a call with our team to see if we can help. So, that's all I got for today, guys. Thank you guys for watching and I'll talk to you guys soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theaigovernmentcontractor [10 likes]: Just laucnhed my first fb ad last nigth. one campaign, two ad sets, three ads in the ad set. 2 videos and one image ad per ad set. Wish me luck
  2. @txleads6020 [3 likes]: Love how you break stuff down man...A+
  3. @victorpettersson3369 [1 likes]: I rarely comment on stuff, but this really deserves it. Such a good video and walk-through thanks a lot.
  4. @TuvalMatanSaadon-dp9fo [1 likes]: Great content, thank you for sharing
  5. @DigitalAthena: For static ads, should I turn on the AI suggestions like text overlays, flex media, animation etc. Does this eat up my budget or does it cost the same? Is facebook just trying to giving my static ad the most appeal, or is it just draining my budget? Really not sure if I should be toggling these options on.
  6. @AnthonyFoster-v3c: For running Ads for local contractors, for example. Do you recommend one campaign, one adset with five different image ads

We’re only starting at $50 a day, broad targeting 

Trying not to stretch the  learning phase too thin
  7. @SeannSkreen: Quick question for you.

I heard multiple people say that if you teach too much of the step-by-step “how to” in your content, it can attract people who just try to do everything themselves instead of hiring help.

But if you focus more on explaining the problem and why things work, it can lead to more people becoming clients.

You share a lot of the actual “how to” in your content, which I’ve learned a lot from.

From your experience, *does teaching the step-by-step and how to's ever reduce conversions, or does it actually help bring in better clients?*

Would love your perspective on this

The reason I'm asking is because I've had 2 people in the coaching space mention your name and say your videos are awesome and say they think your giving too much away for free which is amazing for your viewers but wondering what your thoughts are on that.
  8. @davelorenzojr: What are you optimizing for after the click here? Direct lead form? Profile visit? Or website view?
  9. @jeremy8365: Ok bro, thank you
  10. @fittivity: awesome value, thanks man!
  11. @saranshkushwaha90: Hey Matt, I feel your first 30 sec - 60 sec can improve much improved, 

Tell your editor, or just I can do it for you.

- The New Way to Make AI Static Ads in 2026 (Canva Layers Update): Kind: captions Language: en Out of the 15,000 plus ads that I've made over my career, a large proportion of the top performers were statics. And they are still probably one of the easiest formats to scale with, especially in 2026 where we have tools like ChatGPT image generation, Nano Banana Pro 2, and then we have LLMs like Claude that can write incredible copy. It basically makes everything possible from professional product photography all the way to UGC images. But there was always one problem. The moment that you needed to make a small change, you had to regenerate the whole thing and start from scratch. And don't get me wrong, these platforms have got better at regenerating the same image with small changes. However, quite a lot of the time when it came to iteration content, it was just a bit of a faff when it came [snorts] to regeneration. And that is until now, because Canva have just fixed that exact problem. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how Canva's magic layers can change the way that you make static ads with AI, because can edit individual assets from an AI generated image. So, we are going to generate a static live, and then we're going to drop it into Canva, and we're going to make some variations. Okay, so the first thing that we need to do is of course generate some kind of image. So, there's a couple of ways that we can do this. I've made some videos where you can directly copy images using a ChatGPT prompt that I gave you, or you can simply just prompt to an LLM what you want. And that's basically what we're going to do in this video, we're going to see what comes up. Okay, so I've got Claude open here. I'm just going to use Whisper photo to dictate. I want you to write me a JSON prompt for a static ad that I can then put into Nano Banana. I want the ad to be for David protein bars. I want there to be a headline about how great they taste. I then want an image of a hand coming up from the bottom holding one of the bars using the reference image that I've attached, and then I want a review from one of their customers. The review is this. Along with that, I'd like a five-star rating and then a CTA button telling people to order now. Okay, so that is like the basis. You guys know how to prompt at this point. I don't need to tell you how to do that. There's a couple of things though that we do need to do in here. The first one is I want it to be a headline about how great they taste. I then want an image of a hand coming up from the bottom holding one of the bars. So, with that, we need, of course, an actual image of the David bars. Okay, so I'm just going to go to Google Images. Just going to grab one of these here. I'm just going to save it into my downloads. I'm going to attach that to this. Use the reference image that I've attached. Along with that, I'd like a five-star rating. So, it actually has missed out, weirdly, the review section that I've asked for. I'm just going to put that back in. I'd like you to add in this customer review. All right, then we're going to go find a five-star review from David's website. Okay, so I like this one. This bar is delicious as well as nutritious. It makes me feel grateful to be eating something that is good for me. So, we're going to copy that. I'm going to paste that into here. I'd also like a five-star rating graphic order now. And I'm also going to add a section here. Ask me any questions to help write the prompt. Okay, just going to hit go and that's going to go ahead and it's going to write me a static ad. So, it's asked me a little bit of some questions here. So, I'm going to say, first one, I want 9 by 16. The second one, background. Let's say, I think for this one we go something like kind of dark, I think. Dark and dramatic. All right, now it's it's asked for the headline copy. So, obviously, we can write our headline copy here. This is one of the things we're going to be changing in Canva. So, let's say, let's use the greatest protein bar on the planet. All right, let's hit go. Now, we're going to be using Nano Banana Pro to actually generate our image. So, once we've got the prompt, we're going to put that into Nano Banana. Lots of different tools that we can use to make images with Nano Banana. So, you can access to it. We have our cards. We've got Higgs field. There's a couple of others and of course direct through Gemini. Guys, before we go any further, I want to give a big thank you to Omnisend for sponsoring this portion of the video. All the e-com brands that I see scaling with serious numbers have one thing in common and that is they have a ton of automations running behind the scenes. This isn't optional anymore. Most brands have automations running, sure. However, usually the segmentation is pretty weak and there's no real automation behind it. And what's even worse is most e-commerce brands don't even realize that they're losing 30 to 50% of the revenue that they could be making with email and SMS. And that is where Omnisend comes in. It fills that gap. They offer drag and drop emails. They've got pre-built automations and most importantly proper revenue tracking. You can send a welcome flow, an abandoned cart email and even birthday campaigns in minutes. And most importantly, they have SMS built right in. No extra tools, no weird integrations. It's just It's just all there. And what's really cool is it's worldwide and it works alongside your emails just like [music] SMS should do. I've paired with Omnisend to give you 30% off your first three months. All you need to do is use the code Fraser 30 at checkout or use the link below. Go check them out and see what real clean email and SMS can do for your business. Now, back to the video. Okay, so it has given us our prompt here. CTA button is pulled from the gold wrapper which is super cool. Uh the headline and reviews at the top half dominate the bottom. So, let's pop this now into Nano banana here. So, this is just our service that we use here. This is a custom built one that we made with Claude code in order to access these tools if you're wondering what service I'm using here. Going to put in our reference here as well. I'm going to choose 9 by 16 and I'm going to press generate. Okay, and as if by magic, it has done it. Now, I'm not going to lie, this is pretty solid, but I'm not a super fan of like the serif font. I don't think it looks like super on brand, I'm not going to lie. So, what we're going to do here, we're going to do download this, we're going to feed it back into Claude, and we're going to tell it to change a couple of bits. This was the output. I think it looks fairly simple right now. I'm not a massive fan of the text and font that you've picked. I want it to be a little more bold and modern-looking. This looks a little bit amateur. So, unfortunately, this is just the step that happens when you are making ads with AI. There's a lot of back and forth until you get what you want, but with the speed that you get these ads at, it's a trade-off I'm willing to make. Okay, it has given us a new prompt here with a couple of changes within it. So, we're just going to put that back into [music] here for us. We're going to grab our David Barr image, 9 by 16, and hit generate again. Okay, so, unfortunately, the second result we got back is, I'd argue, a little bit worse. It doesn't look super professional. It's completely changed the bar as well. So, we're just going to download that, and we're going to add that back into Claude and work with it. The bar is no longer the same as the reference image, and I think this still looks a little bit amateur. I think we should try and make the design a little more cohesive and a little more on brand to the types of things that David create. Let me know if you want some references. So, I think what we're going to do, while that does it, I'm going to head over to the ad library, and I am going to have a look at what David are running in their ad account right now, cuz that might help us make something a little more on brand. Okay, so, I'm going to give Claude a couple of different examples to kind of see what it can do. So, I'm going to try and get some within like the the dark theme, cuz that's kind of what we were going for. Again, remember, this is me doing this from scratch. There's no context documents. If you're doing this for your brand, the chances are you already have a brand document loaded up with all of this information, so you wouldn't even need to do this step. Here's some references. Please only pay attention to the design of these and not the product. Use the original reference image, which I'll also be uploading with the prompt to Nano Banana. Okay, so it has given us some stuff it's going to change here and I think it's written us or it is writing us a new JSON prompt. There we go, it's done. So let's have a look here. Let's press copy and let's paste this into Nano Banana. Just going to upload our reference image again and we're going to hit go. Okay, done. That is like a million times better already. So unfortunately, we've messed up the label a little bit here. So I'm going to have to go back here, but text-wise, this is so much better. So let's download this again and we're going to just go back to Claude here and we're going to give it a little bit of feedback. This is much better. The David logo needs to be smaller. We need a full five-star review, but most importantly, we need to make sure that the text on the label and the product in general is completely matching the reference image, which is uploaded. So as I mentioned, a lot of the time it takes a lot of back and forth and generations to get something that you're actually happy with. That's why kind of like making skills is really handy within Claude cuz then it's kind of using the same thing all the time. Often enough, if we do make any statics with AI at Fraggle, we're normally going back and doing label replacement because that's often the easiest way and the fastest way to get reliable results. Okay, it's given us a new prompt. So we're just going to pop this in here. Going to make sure that we upload our hit go. Okay, and done. This looks pretty damn good, to be fair. Let's have a look at this. We've nailed it. Absolutely perfect. Now, what we're going to do, we're going to click download and we're going to hop on to Canva. So unfortunately, I think you do have to have the paid version of Canva to use this feature, but when you're on the Canva dashboard here, you click this magic layers up here and you are just going to import your ad. So this is the final ad that we went for. Here, we're just going to import it. Okay, now we're going to click open editor here and it is going to what you'll see it kind of scans through to detect the different elements and then suddenly your image is editable, which is absolutely insane and makes creating variations from like AI image ads a million times better. There we go, done. So, it has done a couple of things like it's added like a new text thing there. We don't need that, that's fine. So, we can delete that. However, this is pretty spot on. So, this is going to enable us to make a ton of variations to edit things that we wouldn't have been able to edit before. So, we are going to duplicate this. For this one we're going to have a different headline, no sugar, great taste. Okay, and we can even change the review as well. Let's get this one here. Going to paste one there and remember we can scale these, we can move the stars around, we can do whatever we want. So, I'm just going to kind of center that there. We're going to do another one here. Let's think of another headline. So good you'd think it wasn't healthy. Remember, I'm just pulling all these headlines like off the top of my head as I've always said I've made multiple videos on how you can make great headlines for your static ads. Let's go back and find another review. This one is kind of perfect for that, I think. All right, let's pop that one on there. So, we've already I mean how long has that taken? Like a couple of minutes and we already have three ads here as well. Let's do one more for safe measure. Your new go-to protein bar. And see we can just extend the text there. I don't use the term lightly. This is a game changer. It's just so amazing. I've been playing with it a lot recently and it's it just baffles me every time. That's cool. Let's go on here. Let's add this one here. Woof, there we go, done. And remember we can do loads more. If we're not happy there cuz that's not the actual David logo, of course. So, if we want we can go through and we can change that. We can add in the David logo. But just like that, you now have four different ads all made from one single AI static. And of course, the real advantage of this is when you build it into a proper system because suddenly you can go from testing one persona and one messaging to now testing potentially hundreds in the same creative session. This is really how brands of the future are going to start to find winning creatives faster. And that's why here at Fraggel, we create different ads of different formats, different messaging to give you creative diversity. We make over 1,000 ads every single month for some of the biggest D2C brands in the UK and the US. So, if you want to work with me, you can click the link in the description or scan the QR code on the screen. But of course, subscribing is completely free, so do that while you're down there and hit like and leave a comment if you have any questions. I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. >> [music] [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @evanpoulnais7020: Thanks you so much for the french traduction and the value please continue like this 🔥🔥