- I tested 1,000+ Static Ads, Here's What Scales In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to break down the exact static ad formats that have generated millions in tracked revenue for our clients. We'll talk about exact creative structures, why they work, and we'll look deep into some [music] examples that we've made. If you're new here, I'm the founder of Creative Dawn, where we build creative [music] systems for six, seven, and eight-figure direct-to-consumer brands. We produce thousands of ads every single month. And after testing thousands of static ad concepts, I can tell you that most brands fundamentally misunderstand and misuse static [music] ads. So, let's get into it. So, first things first, before we get into actually making good static ads, you need to first understand why most static ads fail. And it's because a lot of times you're focusing on looks and not actually profit. What I mean by that is the actual design or the structure of the ad and not the end goal and the outcome first. Next is that you misunderstand messaging and awareness stages in your funnel. So, what does this mean? Most static ads are not going to be top-of-funnel ads that are pulling most of your spend. I will show you some examples of some top-of-funnel static ads that have worked really well, but when you run a breakdown in your ad account, you'll see people that are already aware of you, people that have already purchased from you, and new customers or new audiences. And that is most of the time going to determine or tell you whether your ad is operating in the top of your funnel, middle of your funnel, and the bottom of your funnel. And you need to use static ads as a tool, not just making ads that you're trying to have outperform your top-performing um top-of-funnel VSL, okay? Does that make sense? And we'll go through and I'll show you some top-of-funnel examples, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel examples. And this is a huge reason why most people do not make static ads that work well, because you fundamentally misunderstand what they're actually used for. They're a tool. They're not supposed to be doing all of your prospecting at the top of your funnel. And then the final thing is that you do not understand learnings. You don't understand when to iterate, when to make new concepts, and you don't understand when or why something specifically [music] is working. So, how do you actually win? First thing is [music] strategic testing. And this kind of goes off of what I just said about learnings. You need to understand when to test, when to make new concepts, when to iterate, and also you need to understand the volume at which you're supposed [music] to be testing. So, I would test static ads in batches of either 10 to 15, or you [music] could do the 322 method that other people talk about on YouTube. Personally, I always opt for more volume, but if you're new and you don't have the ability to create tons of volume, you can use that 322 method. Next is make ads for dedicated areas of the funnel. And we'll talk about that in a second, and we'll go through some ads for dedicated areas of the funnel. But it's like I said in the intro, you need to make middle of funnel, bottom static ads. And then, you need to get better with every single batch with your learnings, okay? And I talk about that in all my YouTube videos, when to make new concepts, when to make iterations. So, now that you understand that, let's go ahead and jump in and I'm going to break down some actual winning static ads that we've made for clients, why they worked, why you should use them, etc. So, the first ad that we're going to look at is an example of a top-of-funnel static ad. And the thing that I want you to remember when you're making top-of-funnel static ads is are they shareable, scroll-stopping, and a good introduction to your brand. So, breaking down this ad, obviously we have the use of a lot of different colors in here. That's extremely important. We have the products here, but the main thing about this ad is it's actually funny. And top-of-funnel statics, like I said in the beginning, they're hard to make. It's hard to make static ads that are going to outperform or pull a lot of spend or be served to people who don't already know about you. So, ads like this that are, you know, funny can live in the top of funnel. This ad is shareable. This ad is scroll-stopping, and this ad is a good introduction to this brand. It's a very Gen Z golf brand, very funny, very douchebro type of brand. So, this ad works very well. The next ad, and I really should have put a problem-solution ad. So, before I go into this ad specifically, if you're running a product that actually does solve a problem, whether it's a physical product or a supplement, you can have top-of-funnel static ads where you talk about the problem, okay? So, these were actually both what I call vanity-based brands, because both of these brands don't actually solve a problem. So, it's actually harder to make top-of-funnel statics for these brands. But, if you are running a, you know, problem-solution product, you can illustrate the problem-solution in the top of funnel. That would also be an example. But this brand specifically, this is an apparel brand, and this is a what I call vanity-based product. So, we really have to dig more into identity. That's what that last ad did. It was an identity. The Gen Z golfer, they like that. They think it's funny. They share it with their boys. This ad specifically is an identity for gym bros. It's not for guys who skip leg day, okay? So, that clearly is pitting like an us versus them. It's talking about guys who hit legs. And you can clearly see here, this guy's legs are diced as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, that's the point of this. This is for guys with big legs, because I don't have big legs personally, but I know gym bros with big legs, it's a problem that they have with shorts that don't fit their legs. So, this is these shorts are not for guys who skip leg day. These shorts are for people who have big legs, and that's why this ad works. And then obviously, it has the scroll-stopping aspect of it, because it's a giant-ass super striated leg. So, it works. Okay, now we're getting into the middle and bottom of funnel static ads. And this is probably what most of you guys are missing out on. So, I want to spend a lot of time on something like this. So, this is an apparel brand, obviously, and they're in the, you know, fast fashion, more streetwear, Gen Z type of apparel land. That's their ICP. And a huge problem, if you're an apparel brand owner, you know this, is shipping time. A lot of these smaller fast fashion brands like to do pre-order. So, this static ad and middle and bottom of funnel static ads are used to either address some objection or add some layer of social proof. So, this example that I'm going to show you here, it says, "How long did yours take to arrive?" Literally four days, right? So, this is something that you might not think, "Oh, this is going to get someone to buy." But, it's living in the middle and bottom of funnel. It's living for people who are already aware of the brand or have already purchased from the brand, okay? And this is clearly addressing an objection. This ad stand-alone, if added to an ad account, is not going to be the thing that drives tens of millions of dollars in revenue. But, it's what I talked about earlier. You need to be systematically testing. You need to have volume. And you need to have ads like these that live in the ecosystem that is your ad account. So, this is another ad, and this essentially falls along the same lines. This company, it makes posters, and these [snorts] are posters that can hang on your wall by not damage the wall. So, a huge objection that a lot of customers were having is are they going to get their security deposit back in their, you know, in their apartment. So, we took that straight to a review-based creative that says, "I was terrified of losing my deposit, not anymore." And they also put, you know, more social proof in there with 100% damage free, thousands of renters choose it. So, like I said, you need to essentially handle an objection, which is what we did, or you need social proof, which is what we did. This ad has lived in the middle/bottom of funnel, hitting either existing customers or people who are already aware of this brand for a long time, and it's a very, very high return on ad spend performer. But, it's obviously not going to be pulling $100,000 a month in spend, right? That's not what it's for. It's for cleaning up on all that traffic that didn't buy from the video, that maybe had an objection, that's maybe a a renter in an apartment with a very, very strict um security deposit policy. And this is easy easy easy way to capitalize off that traffic that you already paid for and just clean it up with an ad just like this. So, now I'm going to get into some action items on how you can actually make ads like this. Step one being research. You need to have a deep research doc where you're actually understanding your customer, okay? And in this document, you essentially need to carve out their wants and desires and their objections or the problems that they would have with the product. And what you can use this for is you can make ads dedicated to the top of the funnel. We knew every single thing about our customer with that golf brand. That's how we were able to make ads that catered specifically to them. We were aware of the problems in the gym niche. That's how we made that ad dedicated to people with big legs who need shorts for people with big legs, right? We were aware of the issues in the apparel niche, which is why we were able to make that ad about shipping times. Same thing for the poster brand. You need to know these things, and the way to know these things is to actually do research, compile a document, and understand your customer. The second thing is going to be a swipe file, and you can use this for static ads, you can use this for VSLs, and you can use this for UGC concepts. If you're not already doing this, I don't know what you're doing. You're wasting your time. You doom scroll all day. You should be building a swipe file. You can use things like Motion, Atria. You can download them to your computer and add them to a folder on your computer. Whatever you're doing, you need a deep research document and a swipe file. Step two is going to be actually making a brief. After you have finished your doc, is when you're going to make a brief. And the brief, basically, simply put, is just going to be the headline, the angle, the CTA, and the visual direction. That's essentially what your brief is going to entail when you're making static ads. This is what our briefs entail. If you don't want to make them yourself, we can do that for you. And then, when you're actually creating your static ads, you can use AI, use graphic designers, you can you can use Canva, whatever you want to use. Can launch with the 322 method, that's not exactly what we do. We just rip a CBO and then underneath each ad set is a batch. Pretty simple, pretty quick, pretty easy, and the cream is going to rise to the top very quickly from this, and you're going to have your winning ads. And then, also, what's important and why we do things this way is because we don't want to turn off, you know, ads on the ad set level. We want to turn off creatives on the creative level, and we want to allow this CBO or this campaign to actually allocate spend where necessary. And then, when you run your breakdowns, when you actually run campaigns like this, you'll see that it's serving these creatives where they need to be served, when they need to be served, and with the amount of spend that needs to be spent on them. So, now that you've kind of seen, you know, some winning ads, why they worked, what we think about when we're making ads for each stage of the funnel, and you've gotten some action items, it's important that we come back, talk about how to actually win with static ads. The first most important thing is actually that strategic testing, um and the importance of the ad account setup being set up the way that it is, so that your CBO can put the spend where it needs to be, and I promise, trust me, if you're still running [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in 2026, what are you doing? I mean, unless you're spending millions of dollars a month and you know something that I don't. At that level of spend, you guys who are watching this video right now, you should be running a CBO. Let Facebook allocate the spend where it needs to go. And then, the second thing is making ads dedicated for certain areas of the funnel. This is extremely, extremely important. You need your top of funnel statics, you need your middle of funnel statics, and you need your bottom of funnel statics. And for most of you, if you guys already have, you know, very good top of funnel VSLs and UGC, most of your time should actually not be spent here. Most of your time should be spent here trying to clean up on the revenue that your videos could not capture by addressing those objections and by adding social proof, okay? So, that's something that most of you probably aren't doing right now with review-based creatives, us versus them-based creatives, specific offer-based creatives for first-time customers, things like that. And then, the final and most important thing is getting better with learnings. You need a learnings document. You need the structured, strategic testing, and every single week you should be popping into a Google Sheet, looking at it, and understanding what's working, why it's working, what's not working, why it's not working, and just getting better every single batch and using your brain. All right, so I hope you learned a little bit about how to actually make static ads, not just the kinds, but the way to test and understand how to use statics as a tool. If you made it to the end, comment the word stat. Now, if you are a direct-to-consumer brand spending more than $100,000 a month on ads, and you want us to build your Meta ad creative system using these exact formats as well as UGC and VSL concepts, I'm opening up a few spots for strategy calls this week. Here's the thing, I personally only take four to five calls a week because I'm very hands-on with the clients that we work with. And these spots do fill up fast, and once they're gone, you're going to have to wait again until next week. On the call, though, I'll audit your current ad account, show you exactly which formats will work best for your brand, and walk you through exactly how we would build your creative pipeline. If you're serious about scaling with static ads that actually convert, there is a link below to grab one of those spots, but do not wait because, like I said, I only do four or five of these calls a week. And if you made it to the end, don't forget to comment stat, hit subscribe if this was helpful, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Expandura [3 likes]: Do i put Top, middle & lower funnel ads in different batches or  in the same?
  2. @Colbylyman [3 likes]: Looksmaxxer x Media Buyer????
  3. @fafahghgh2552 [3 likes]: Interstellar soundtrack at shipping objection is genius😂
  4. @egor.33333 [2 likes]: Stat, amazing vid
  5. @BlakeToves [2 likes]: We made it out the black hole vortex with this one
  6. @LBMarket1ng [2 likes]: Great video as always! How can I contact you for a paid collaboration?
  7. @savvsam [2 likes]: snapped!
  8. @reaganfreas8537 [2 likes]: Stat. Fire video as always!
  9. @David_Parrottino [1 likes]: The pattern I see with static ad testing is operators running 5-10 concepts and calling it a volume test. Real volume testing means dozens of distinct angles, not variations of the same hook. When you actually scale the number of different creative concepts you can start identifying the 1-2 that unlock the account. Most people never find those because they pause and pivot before the data has time to separate winners from losers.
  10. @dawson2670 [1 likes]: What are your thoughts on the native image ad strategy that everyone has been talking about the last 6 months? 

(New to your channel incase you’ve talked about this before)
  11. @Nasty-Knives [1 likes]: Stat

Hey Jared, any tips for running local Car Dealership Ads? planning on doing 50% Auto Inventory Ads, 30% Video and 20% Statics. Let me know what tips you have! Thanks!
  12. @AlexanderFallaria [1 likes]: Hey Jared, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  13. @emilianoalarcon4925 [1 likes]: Stat
  14. @jaredirobinson: If u want good ad creatives made by stimulant abusing nerds -> CRTVDON.COM
  15. @Turtinga: STAT
  16. @MagmuuStore: Stat, thanks G for great content.
  17. @RandomGenius96: How do you know if the TOF creatives are working or not? Like if everything is one organism rn how do you know to turn off some certain creatives?
  18. @BRUCEFLAME: so for the different funnels, do those represent separate ad sets or campaigns. Btw this video really opened my eyes with ads. It makes so much sense!
  19. @dazz_online: Ngl, background music was kinda distracting.
  20. @theceoguy1: do you still use 1 adset for like 3-5 ads and then add weekly new 1-2-3 adsets or is it daily these days? like you add 2-3 new adsets daily inside 1 cbo and opt the budget< in short words?