- Psychological flexibility: How love turns pain into purpose | Steven Hayes | TEDxUniversityofNevada: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Bret Simmons Reviewer: Emanuele Rossi Life asks us questions. And probably one of the most important questions it asks us is, "What are you going to do about difficult thoughts and feelings?" If you'’re feeling ashamed or anxious, life just asked you a question. If you're standing here about to give a [TEDx] talk and your mind is getting very chattery, what are you going to do about that? Good question. (Laughter) And the answer to that question and ones like it say a lot about the trajectories of our lives whether or not they’'re going to unfold in a positive way that moves toward, towards prosperity, love, freedom, contribution, or downward, into pathology and despair. And I’'m here to make the argument that you have within you a great answer to that question or at least the seed of it. But, you also have this arrogant, storytelling, problem solving, analytic, judgmental mind between your ears that doesn'’t have the answer and is constantly tempting you into taking the wrong direction. My name is Steve Hayes and for the last 30 years, I and my colleagues have been studying a small set of psychological processes - fancy words for things people do - called psychological flexibility. It’'s a set of answers to that question. And in more than a thousand studies, we've shown that psychological flexibility predicts are you going to develop a mental health problem anxiety, depression, trauma? If you have one it predicts, later on will you have two? It predicts how severe they are, how chronic they’'ll be. But, not just that, it predicts all kinds of other things that are important to us even though it’'s not psychopathology. Such as, what kind of parent are you going to be? What kind of worker are you going to be? Can you step up to the behavioral challenges of physical disease? Can you stick to your exercise program? Everywhere that human minds go, psychological flexibility is relevant. And what I want to do in this talk is to walk you through the science of psychological flexibility, because we've learned how to change these processes in several hundred studies using Acceptance and Commitment Therapy or ACT, but not just ACT, related methods that target flexibility we’'ve shown that we can change it and when we change it, those life trajectories that are negative go positive with outcomes in all the areas that I just mentioned and many more. So, I want to walk you through what the elements of psychological flexibility are. And I'm going to take you back to a moment in my life 34 years ago where I first turned powerfully in their direction. Decades ago. Thirty-four years ago at 2 in the morning on a brown and gold shag carpet with my body almost literally in this posture, and my mind for sure in this posture. I had for two to three years been spiraling down into the hell of panic disorder. It began in a horrific department meeting where I was forced to watch full professors fight in a way that only wild animals and full professors are capable of. And all I wanted to do was to beg them to stop, but instead I had my first panic attack, and by the time they called on me, I couldn't even make a sound come out of my mouth. And in the shock, and the horror, and embarrassment of that first and public panic attack, I did all of the logical, reasonable, sensible, and pathological things your mind tells you to do. I tried to run from anxiety; I tried to fight with anxiety; and I tried to hide from anxiety. I sat next to the door. I watched its coming. I argued my way out of it. I took the tranquilizers and as I did all those things, the panic attacks increased in frequency and in intensity. First at work, but then while traveling, and then in restaurants, and then in movie theaters, and then in elevators, and then on phone calls, and then in the safety of home, and finally even being awakened at two in the morning from a dead sleep already in a panic attack. But, this night on that brown and gold shag carpet, this night, as I watched with anxiety waves, my body's sensations was different. This night was even more horrifying, but it was somehow satisfying, because I wasn't having a panic attack. I was dying of a heart attack. I had all the evidence for it. I had the weight in the chest. I had the shooting pains down my arm. I was sweating profusely. My heart was racing and skipping beats wildly. And that same spider voice that came up and said, "You've got to run. You've got to fight. You've got to hide” from anxiety," was now telling me, "“Make the call. You can't drive in this condition. You’'re dying. Call the emergency room. Call the ambulance. This is not a joke. Make the call." And yet, minute after minute went by and I didn'’t make the call. And I had a sense of leaving my body and looking back at myself there and I imagined what would happen if I did make that call. Like a series of scenes, little snippets like in a movie trailer like when you go to the theater for the upcoming film. –I could hear the sound of the emergency responders coming up the stairs, the pounding on the thin hollow door, the ride in the ambulance, the tubes and wires, the concerned look on the faces of the nurses as I went into the emergency room, and then finally the last little snippet, the last little scene in this movie trailer, where I suddenly realized what this movie was going to be about. And I looked at it and I said, "Oh, please, God, not that. Please, please." Because that final scene, lying on the gurney in the emergency room, here came a young doctor in my mind's eye walking entirely too casually. And as he got close to me, I could see there was a smirk on his face, and I knew what was coming. He got close and he said, "Dr. Hayes, you're not having a heart attack," and then the smirk broadened, "You're having a panic attack." And I knew that was true. This was just another level down of hell. And a scream came out of my mouth, a weird breathly, strange sounding thing. It sounded just like this. (Screams) And as I bounced off the bottom, another door opened. I don'’t know how long it was, but it was a few minutes later from a rarely visited, but deeply me part of me, the part of me that's behind your eyes, a more spiritual part, from my very soul, if you want to say it that way, words came out. I’'m pretty sure. I said it out loud to no one at two in the morning. I said, "I don'’'t know who you are, but apparently, you can make me hurt. You can make me suffer. But I'll tell you one thing you cannot do. You can't make me turn from my own experience. You can't do it." And my then much younger body ached as it stood up, and I could tell from the dried and burning tracks of tears on my face that I had been there a very long time. But, I stood up inside a promise. "Never again. I will not run from me." I did not know how to keep that promise. To be honest, I'm still learning. I had no idea how to bring that promise into the lives of others. I would learn that only in the work that we would do in Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, or ACT, and that was ahead of me. But, in those 34 years, not a single day has gone by where I didn't remember that promise. And when you stand here like this, the way you know already is the wiser place to stand with pain and suffering, things start happening. I can put it into words now what the science shows, what this posture is. It's emotional openness. W’e're going to feel what'’s there to be felt even when it's hard. It’'s being able to look at your thoughts, not just from your thoughts. So, when you're thinking they're not just like this, so you can't see anything else, you can notice them out there. It'’s connecting with this more spiritual part of you and from there being able to direct your attention flexibly, fluidly, voluntarily towards what's there to be focused on. And when you see something of importance, to be able to move towards it with your hands and arms free so that you can feel, and do, and contribute, and participate. That's psychological flexibility. And it builds on what that seed is that you know because if you put this into a word, I think you can see why this would be the word, the single word I would say is, "Love." When you stand with yourself in a self-compassionate, kind, loving way, life opens up and then you can turn towards meaning and purpose and how you bring love, participation, beauty, contribution, I did’n't see at first that this pivot towards pain and suffering actually was glued at the hip to this pivot towards meaning and purpose. I didn't see that at first. But I started seeing it in my clients as I began to do the ACT work. I started seeing it in my own life. And just a few years in, it hit me very powerfully. By then, I’'d done a few randomized trials on ACT and I was beginning to do trainings, moving around, meeting with smaller groups of clinicians, teaching about the work we’'re doing. And I was doing a workshop and I had these waves of anxiety, which was totally normal. Still today, I will get anxious during talks. That was fine. I'm open for that. Come on. It's cool. But then another wave came. I suddenly felt as though I was going to sob in front of those clinicians, that I was going to weep uncontrollably. I said, "What?" The moment passed and I did the workshop. Didn't think about it again until the next workshop, same exact thing happened. And this time I had the presence of mind to notice I felt very young. And I asked myself, even as I was doing the workshop, "How old are you?" And the answer came back, "8 or 9." And then, a memory flipped by that I hadn't thought of since it happened, when I was 8 or 9. I didn't have time to unpack it in the workshop, but that night in the hotel I did. I was underneath my bed, listening to my parents fight in the other room. My dad had come home drunk and late again. And my mother was ripping into him about him spending the meager family funds on his addiction; about his inadequacies as a husband and as a father. And he was saying, "Shut up! You better shut up or else!" and I knew his fists were clenched. And then I heard a horrific crash and my mother screaming. I would find out only later it was the coffee table going across the living room. And I'm thinking, "Is there going to be blood? Is he hitting her?" And then, my little boy mind gave me these words very clearly, "I'm going to do something." And I realized there was nothing for me to do, nothing safe. So, I scooted back farther and I held myself and cried. You get it? I'm sitting there, watching those old bulls fight in the psychology department and yeah, I'm horrified and yeah, I’'m feeling anxious, but really what I would like to do is just to cry - in a department of psychology? Really? But, I didn't have access to him. I didn't have room for him. He’'s why I'm a psychologist, but I didn't even know it. And I got caught up in the articles, in the vita, in the grants, and the achievement. Woo hoo! But, I came here because he asked me to. To "do something". And instead, what I told him was tantamount to leading down and saying, "Just be quiet. Go away. Shut up," when I ran, and I fought, and I hid. It was so unkind and so unloving. To who? To me, and the parts of me that connect me even with my life'’s purpose. Because we hurt where we care and we care where we hurt. These two pivots, these two "turning towards" are the same thing. When you stand with yourself, even when it's hard, you're doing a loving thing for yourself and out of that then you can afford the risk of turning towards bringing love into the world, beauty into the world, communication, contribution into the world. And seeing that, I made another promise. Never again, I will not push you away, nor your message to me about our purpose. I'm not going to ask you to give the workshop, or do the [TEDx] talk either, but I want you here with me because you soften me. You make sense of why my life is about this. And so, my message to you is to look at the science of psychological flexibility, yeah, but look at how it can inform what you already know, which is bringing love to yourself even when it's hard will help you bring love into the world in the way that you want to bring it into the world. And that's important. You know it. Your crying little 8 year olds in you know it. We all know it. Because love isn't everything, it's the only thing. Thank you. I hope I’'ve been useful to you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @victoriaandreevskaya2843 [2 likes]: One thing particularly resonated with me, "I will never again run away from me". When I was suffering from panic attacks, one thought occurred to me very distinctly after an attack that I was having on the subway. That time I made myself stay on the train even though I was feeling very panicky, and after a while the attack subsided and disappeared. And I thought, "this afterfeeling is actually enjoyable, it's as if the attack brough me closer to my true self, and it feels good to be more connected to myself". I was running a lot from my inner experiences at that time too.
  2. @user9005 [1 likes]: If you like this then you need read Claire Weekes who had already pioneered this in the 1950s
  3. @germainebarbosa484 [1 likes]: Nossa, bom em.. foi um pouco difícil permanecer no começo, por conta do inglês, mas que TEDx bom, adorei.
  4. @nighttwist [1 likes]: what an incredible session. I almost cried while listening to this as i've been going through this for 4 years now
  5. @careytopaz [1 likes]: Limitations regarding the acceptance of severe physical pain. No morphine? No pain killers period?
Applies primarily to psychosomatic pain/symptoms.
  6. @Terra101: Just wanna see the face of the man that healed me. I asked AI for guidance after almost 2 decades of suffering.
  7. @NathanGregg789: I have watched this at least 3 times now and each time a time the tears start to flow.
  8. @paolofulgoni: Wow, so intense, touching and powerful 😮
  9. @glitcharcing: once again proving my theory that the best psychologists are absolutely fcking bonkers ✨ (in a genius way)

16:39 - 17:42 This is soooo real dude.
  10. @Sfar8889: Rumi says “listen to your pain! They are messengers, in your pain you can find the cure”
  11. @robsonrobson5910: Muito bom! Abraços do Brasil.
  12. @muse6274: Wow just wow 👏🥹 I couldn’t stop my tears listening to this great man.
  13. @daggagrow: It comes down to hermetic principle As with in; As without
  14. @ederohtokani6418: Nothing new
  15. @thundercat1508: Honestly,... it is not an inspiring beginning... it looks like a horror movie... He is so good to tell horror stories
  16. @exp6258: 🎉
  17. @Smoneey: I don’t believe he has actually experienced real panic. Btw, if you feel like you’re having a heart attack and have never felt like that before you SHOULD call an ambulance.
  18. @geraldinewatts736: Everyone on this planet should watch this. Compelling and honest. An awesome Human being. A Life changing therapy.
  19. @shahinario: ❤
  20. @ThePyrokid92: On the brink of suicide, watching this by request. The ads have made the final decision.

- The ACT Hexagon: A Model for Increasing Psychological Flexibility (Hexaflex Model): Kind: captions Language: en Acceptance and Commitment Therapy is built on empirically based principles aimed to increase psychological flexibility using a mindfulness-based approach with behavior change strategies. We’ve said that several times in this training and it bears repeating. Acceptance and Commitment Therapy is built on functional contextualism and relational frame theory and aims to increase psychological flexibility while using mindfulness interventions during empirically supported treatment plans. There are many different ways to discuss ACT. And one traditional introductory approach to the therapy is to use the ACT hexagon model. Steve Hayes and fellow behavioral scientists developed this six-point approach to discuss the components that lead clients to greater psychological flexibility. The ACT community embraces the idea that Acceptance and Commitment Therapy establishes greater psychological flexibility primarily through acceptance, defusion, establishment of a transcendent sense of self otherwise known as the self as context, contact with the present moment, values and building larger and larger patterns of committed action linked to those values. These six components form the ACT hexagon model which is sometimes humorously referred to as the hexaflex model because it is the hexagon that leads to flexibility. Please take a look at this conventional ACT hexagon model. And keep in mind that ACT comes from the foundation of behavior analysis and resides in the realm of cognitive behavioral therapy. Both behavior analysis and cognitive behavioral therapy are traditionally linear in their basic models. For instance, behavior analysis provided the historical context for ACT and the typical behavior analyst takes a look at the study of behavior through an ABC model. Traditional behavior analysts talk about the antecedent-behavior-consequence functions. A is followed by B which is followed by C. Antecedents set the occasion for behavior to occur. And after the behavior, a consequence will make it more or less likely for that behavior to happen again. This is a linear process. And if you look at traditional CBT models, they are often linear models as well. For instance, Albert Ellis, one of the chief pioneers of CBT, the developer of Rational Emotive Behavior Therapy, forwarded an ABC model as well. REBT assumes that there are activating events that elicit beliefs that are followed by emotional consequences. If something happens in the environment that is aversive, it can be an activating event that leads to an irrational belief which can lead to clinically relevant emotional consequences. In REBT treatment, this is to be followed by disputation in order to lead to effective emotion and action. So this is actually an ABCDE model. Again, very linear. And Acceptance and Commitment Therapy comes from both traditional behavior analysis and is part of the CBT community. But look at the ACT model. It isn’t a linear model. It is a circular model. You can joke around with me and say, it isn’t a circular model. It’s a hexagonal model. And I’d laugh and have to agree. But in Philosophy, when we talk about circular models, we’re highlighting that a method doesn’t have a specific beginning point or ending point. And let’s highlight that all the points on this model are equidistant from the center. So none of the components are more important than the other ones. The reason I’m highlighting this idea is not just to make an academic point about the history of ACT or to make a philosophical point about the model but to emphasize two important application ideas. One is that as you start to do the therapy, you will not likely access treatment plans or develop treatment plans that say, in session one, we’ll talk about defusion and in session two, we’ll cover values and in session three, we’ll talk about self as context and so on. Could you imagine trying to help a client build psychological flexibility with such a rigid and inflexible treatment plan? In ACT, the therapist is going to model the In other words, you as the clinician will perform ACT more effectively if you observe your client’s clinically relevant concerns as they show up in the therapy room and then flexibly move through the model to address whatever is showing up in the present moment. You flexibly model the model of flexibility. I mentioned that there are two important application ideas. The second idea is that being able to effectively model flexibility will require your own mindfulness skills. If you are going to effectively respond to your client, it will help a great deal if you work on contacting the present moment as regularly and fluidly as possible. You will once again be called on to model the model. Clients may regularly bring up new topics and issues that contribute to their own psychological inflexibility. It is incumbent on the therapist to be in the here and now. Focus on the client’s verbal behavior and overt behavior and then address any clinical issues that come up with one of the points on the hexagon model. You mindfully model the model of mindfulness. It will be helpful for the client to see your commitment to flexibility and mindfulness. Each one of these ACT components, acceptance, defusion, self as context, contact with the present moment, values and committed action, each one of them have their own way of being measured and each of them have different interventions and skills building exercises. And this is a situation where the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. ACT utilizes these six components to blend together and increase psychological flexibility for the client. And if you recall from a previous video, the more psychologically flexible you are, the lower your scores are on measures of psychopathology and the higher your scores are on quality of life inventories. We’ll walk through each one of these six components in the next two modules. But before we do a deeper dive into the details of the ACT hexagon model, it is important to highlight several ideas that have yet to be mentioned. First, the ACT hexagon model is not the only way of talking about Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. There are other approaches such as the mindful action plan, the choice point, the DNA-v model and the ACT matrix just to name a few. So as you continue to explore Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, you will see it is a robust therapeutic endeavor with diverse ways of leading to psychological flexibility. ACT embraces solid clinical skills Empathy Self-compassion Collaborative stance Self-disclosure Second, ACT embraces solid clinical skills in order to assist clients in developing We will not spend too much time on these concepts in this training but understand that there is an assumption that clinicians will have empathy for their clients, teach concepts like self-compassion and show unconditional positive regard with an equal collaborative stance rather than an authoritative stance. The therapist will meet the client where they are at and not force the hexagon exercises on the client in some kind of problematic manner. Self-disclosure might also be a part of the therapy if the clinician is ready for such a therapy move. We would want to demonstrate in session the oft used phrase in the ACT community that we all swim in the same soup. or in other words, every person needs help dealing with the human condition which leads to the third point. It will be very helpful if you, the consumer of this training, could start to embrace these concepts and apply them to your own issues. A psychologically flexible therapist is likely to be more effective not just through modeling the approach but in actually executing the applications with the client as well. In modules 2 and 3, we will introduce the six essential components from the ACT hexagon and bring them all together to show how they facilitate each other in order to accelerate psychological flexibility. I thank you very much for completing module 1 of the Demystifying ACT. Before moving to module 2 or prior to taking a break between trainings, I’m going to invite you to center yourself with a closing mindfulness exercise. Take a nice clean full breath. And if it is safe to do so during your next exhale, close your eyes. And for the next few moments, I’ll ask you to stay committed to attending to your breath. Notice what it feels like to inhale and exhale. Notice the rise and fall of your chest, the coolness of the air as you inhale and how it is warmer when you exhale. And if any thoughts come up that distract you from such a simple present focused commitment, I’ll simply ask you to gently bring your attention back to the invitation to attend to what you are doing in this present moment. Breathing. And I will invite you to take this same approach to any other behaviors you do after this training is over. Invite yourself to be fully in the present moment committed to your important actions and simply aware of but not distracted by any thoughts or emotions you’re experiencing. And now, I will invite you to take another full clean deep breath. And when you exhale, open your eyes and prepare to be psychologically flexible as you go about your day. There are 3 key points in this video. 1. There are many different ways to discuss Acceptance and Commitment Therapy but this training will focus on the traditional introductory approach using the ACT hexagon model. 2. Acceptance and Commitment Therapy’s hexagon model is non-linear, meaning that it is used flexibly depending upon what is showing up in the room with the client’s clinically relevant concern and such fluid usage will benefit from the clinician being more mindful of the present moment themselves. 3. ACT is applied within the framework of good solid therapeutic relationships. And therefore, what you do as a therapist as long as it is effective is likely to blend very well with the Acceptance and Commitment Therapy model.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dr.RivkaEdery [3 likes]: Explained very well!  Living a flexible life, based on values, doing what matters, & frequent contact with the present moment =  more moments of happiness for me 🩵. The ACT Hexagon model is based on decades of applied research and has numerous, impressive studies that validate this model. Well done!   Thank you for this instructional video. New subscriber; will check out your other videos on this topic.
  2. @claytonh67 [3 likes]: So ACT has no structure much like any other therapy.
  3. @debbiesunlight7047 [1 likes]: Wait , you even use our hexagon
  4. @SandyLocks-h8f: The AI voice is very off-putting
  5. @amirahaytham: Thank you❤

- Challenges at work? The benefits of psychological flexibility: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi there welcome back to the channel I'm Dr Richard McKinnon I'm a chartered psychologist and coach and on this channel I share insights from the world of psychology to help you be your best self at work now I'm just back from attending and speaking at the health and well-being at work conference up in Birmingham and uh I'm really aware that lots of people can't make it to these events or can't attend a specific session within the conference so in this video what I want to do is walk through my presentation which is all about how increasing our psychological flexibility can help us deal more sustainably with the kinds of challenges we face in the workplace not crises not catastrophes but the day-to-day stuff that can make life more difficult so let's dive in what I wanted to achieve with this was twofold one introduce people to the concept of psychological flexibility and frame it as something that arises from developing skills um because if we frame this as skill development anyone can develop it this is not something we are born with we possess or we don't possessed these are skills that when practiced and brought to life we get the resulting psychological flexib ibility and all of the good stuff that comes with it first of all what do we mean by psychological flexibility those of you who have been listening to my podcast or watching my videos for any length of time I will be familiar with it but let's start the most important thing that I want to mention at this conference was that it's an evidence-based framework at a well-being event not everything that we encounter is going to be equally supported by the science or even have any evidence supporting it so with the Decades of high quality research supporting this um we want to emphasize that we know how it works and for whom it works it has its roots in the world of mental health um where it's known as acceptance and commitment therapy or act um but of course in addition to supporting people um better deal with mental health conditions it's been translated for lots of other contexts like social work like education and of course the workplace um and I'll elaborate on a moment um on how I bring it to life in the workplace but these are skills and while this is Being Framed as skills for work and I want to share lots of examples about how psychological flexibility can improve work and our experience of the workplace these are also skills for life it's a piece of feedback I get so regularly from clients that they take what they've used from the psychological flexibility ility skill set and they bring it to life at work and they get a good result but that they bring it home or they bring it out into their Community or their social life and they use these skills to navigate the challenges they encounter in those contexts broadly speaking the benefits that we get from increasing our psychological flexibility um our our tendency to be more persistent in orientation towards our goals we're more likely to work towards those goals and it has a positive impact on our well-being when we are more psychologically flexible we're doing more of what matters to us we've got Clarity on what matters we're able to bypass the things that might come between us and what matters and we emphasize the action that brings us towards what matters I shared an academic definition one that comes from a book I often find myself recommending uh the Mindful and effective employee by Paul Flex Frank Bond and Frederick liim if you know anything about this space those names will be very very familiar to you I remain grateful to them for the Fantastic work they've done in this space they frame psychological flexibility as the ability to fully contact the present moment so we're present we're in the here and now and the thoughts and feelings it contains so we're aware of what our mind is giving us in the present moment without needless defense this is a really important bit when we're psychologically flexible we don't try and suppress thoughts remove thoughts change thoughts we don't respond to them automatically we just acknowledge them and depending on the situation so we're aware of the context we're in we persist in or change behavior in the pursuit of values and values based goal so this really means we're using our values to guide our Behavior not a passing thought or a flash of emotion um and it's based on the context so we're being sensitive to the context we're in this is quite um a detailed and inclusive definition but it's not one I expect you to memorize so let me share what I say to my clients I say that psychological flexibility comes about when we learn how to show up we let go and we get moving we show up in the present moment being the version of ourselves that's most appropriate to that present moment we let go of struggles with our thoughts and emotions and we get moving we take action in the direction of what really matters to us in the direction of our values now I wanted to put this in context and talk about how I bring it to light in the work that I do the development work that I do with individuals and teams and on larger scale programs is usually built on on three pillars and we might have modules or we might have coaching sessions or we might have a specific course that focuses on topics that people will be familiar with topics that make sense to them but the pillars that underpin it are these three building contextual awareness you can see the link with that definition right being aware of the context I'm in but also what's going on for me in this context and and The Wider context like organizationally how do we do things here what's the culture what's going on in this organization and also a certain amount of awareness of the extraorganizational context what's going on in society um what's happening in the world and then intrapersonal Focus this this includes things like building my self- awareness understanding what motivates me what matters to me uh understanding more about my personality my preferences um all of this stuff that helps me know me better and then thirdly the interpersonal side of things getting along with others building relationships being intentional about how I communicate with other people learning how to get the most from the people around me some of those skills include things like learning how to delegate learning how to give feedback all of that stuff and these are three really important kind of non-negotiable elements of development because we can quite easily see what would happen if we left one or more of these out of the equation psychological flexibility the skill set that gives us this flexibility speaks really nicely to these three pillars and of course I can bring this to life and and we do regularly in coaching contexts one to one and and this helps uh individuals get clarity on what really matters to them and make the changes in their life that are really valued by them maybe bypass the self-talk and the self-limiting beliefs that have held them back until that point in team development contexts we're able to help people better understand each other maybe use values as a framework for signposting what's important to them and signposting why they're doing what they're doing and building Mutual understanding and collaboration and improved communication we're aiming for better team Effectiveness here right in leadership development contexts and spoiler alert you're going to hear a lot more about leadership development uh from me and my colleagues in the coming months but in leadership development this is so key boosting psychological flexibility is so important so that leaders can be what's expected of them so that they do less avoidance of uncomfortable things do more of the stuff that's really important or just simply necessary and can engage in the effective role modeling that we expect from our organizational leaders so they can demonstrate the behaviors that work there and serve as an effective role model for their colleagues and of course in well-being programs these skills um are almost a prerequisite actually on the programs that I run um I often frontload them with these psychological flexibility skills because they then facilitate delegates on the program from experimenting with new skills new approaches it um can help clear the decks of those self-limiting beliefs it can really importantly answer the question why why would I make these changes because we're able to link it back to their values and of course we know from the research that improving psychological flexibility by itself improves our well-being this is all to say that these skills get us benefits in numerous contexts it works in various ways and and it can be brought to life in in different uh contexts in in different domains of people development now when uh I want to support someone develop their psychological flexibility they almost certainly haven't come to me with that stated goal they haven't come to me and said Richard I really want to be more psychologically flexible but it is a toolkit to enable them to get where they want to be and that could be a change in Behavior to improve their well-being it could be change in Behavior to prevent them from procrastinating so much or a change in Behavior to allow them to step up into a new position of Authority or seniority in the organization the second thing to bear in mind is whether it's coaching or training or a program we're not starting from zero we're not starting from a total absence of psychological flexibility but it is useful to understand the sort of opposite of flexibility so that we can recognize any of that in ourselves that's present normalize it um and identify what it is that we want to change so we're not changing the person we're giving them skills to enable the changes that they want to make and in talking about psychological rigidity well at the conference I as people to raise their hands when they had identified with any of these again not to make people feel bad but to normalize this is to a certain extent um how we're wired this is to a certain extent um to be expected of us and when we behave in a more flexible way that's not the norm that's maybe exceptional so what I wanted to do was walk through these examples of rigidity so that people could better understand them and the impact that they have so we start with mental time travel you know when we want to plan we're going to the Future in Our Minds when we want to reflect we're going to the Past in our mind both of those activities are really really helpful but we can also go to the Future in the past in our mind unintentionally we can be brought to a scary future or a disappointing past for example by our mind and when we do that we're taken away from the present moment and the information it provides we're taken away from the present moment and the responsibilities that it in that present moment then we just get caught up with the emotions potentially that that scary future or disappointing past can cause so it's something that we can all identify with what we're trying to do is learn how to notice when we're doing it and come back to the present moment secondly we can also have quite inflexible or oversimplified views of ourselves and I use that little icon of an ID badge uh on my slides to illustrate that it's if we've taken our entire identity and reduced it to something like a job you know uh a job title a role a level of seniority or or another aspect of our identity like parental status marital status or something like income now the challenge with this is twofold it's more than twofold but let me mention two key points one we are all much more complex and interesting than one or two labels and two a lot of the things that we we attach ourselves to or hold on to too tightly are temporary in nature so at some point if I said to myself I am my job I won't have a job either because someone uh makes that decision for me or because I exit the workforce at some point I will not have this job so the danger of overidentifying with it um is quite significant um I may no longer have the income I over identify with or the job title or the level of seniority or you know the example I often share is I might go into a room and I'm no longer the smartest person in the room or I'm no longer the most experienced or technically able or whatever it is so when we have this inflexible view of ourself one of the things is that challenges we face in the workplace can challenge those views of ourself and we may not respond well to those challenges because we're not viewing the as facets of us we're viewing it as us so it's not a challenge to my skill specific skill it's a challenge to me and my identity we can all get caught up with what our mind gives us buying into thoughts believing thoughts um believing all of the selft talk um placing more weight on mental imagery than what's actually happening in the environment around us and incidentally you know going through each of these hands we shooting up in the room everyone could identify with this the problem with getting too caught up with our thoughts is that of course our mind is a thinking machine and it's producing mental content constantly not all of these thoughts are going to be true not all of them are going to be helpful not all of them are going to be helpful in context but we know that certain of them can grab us grab us away from the present moment or exert such an impact on our Behavior we're listening to the dictator within that's a nice phrase as Steve Hayes uses to describe that sort of demandingness that can come from within us not gentle thoughts or suggestions but an ultimatum from your own mind another aspect of having a mind is that we'll feel uncomfortable from time to time not physical pain or or even danger or but all the faults and feelings we don't want to experience we can collectively call that stuff psychological discomfort and there's a real risk we can build up that habit of looking to avoid that at all cost we find ourselves um avoiding moving away from uh looking to minimize or completely remove discomfort from our experience now you'll probably realize if you're thinking about this in any way uh objectively that with discomfort comes grow or in other words lots of the stuff you're proud of today that you managed to accomplish or work through was preceded by or accompanied by lots and lots of discomfort so it's not sustainable to do this we can also lose sight of what matters to us we would summarize this as our values when we're not clear on what matters to us well one thing is we can get caught up and bothered by and wind ourselves up about things that do not matter we can lose a sense of direction and a sense of purpose and meaning which is really really important and finally another example of this psychological rigidity is behaving automatically as something I said at the conference was that this is not about the helpful habits they're automatic behaviors but those daily helpful habits I take your shoes off when you come home brush your teeth in the morning all of those things that we do these are sort of automatic when we're not paying attention to the context when we're potentially doing them to self soothe in the face of discomfort when they're not what would we would intentionally do but what we're doing in response to an automatic uh Behavior so that's what it could look like to be psychologically rigid and as I said this is not our starting point for everyone we're not zero but we can probably all identify with examples where we've lost track of time going off into our own thoughts where we've really bought into our own thoughts when we've decided not to take action because it would be uncomfortable um not a nightmare not a disaster but just uncomfortable and so on so I'm I'm laying the ground here to say um all of these have uh sort of an opposite uh in terms of the skills that we want to develop now I use the analogy of the smoke alarm our mind can work a lot like a smoke alarm at home your smoke alarm is activated by smoke but it makes the same kind of awful screeching sound uh whether you've burnt some toast or your living room is on fire and this is a way of getting across the fact that sometimes our mind can give us serious demanding screeching messages about danger when in fact what we would really experience is just some discomfort and part of our job is to be able to better distinguish between the two yes it's helpful to not go down that dark alley at night that probably does represent um a risk to our well-being our security uh our safety but speaking up in a meeting uh calling someone unannounced introducing yourself to someone knuckling down and finishing that paperwork none of that is a threat to your well-being none of that will result in physical pain but our mind can conflate the two so core to this is recognizing what would be uncomfortable when it comes to these workplace challenges and what would be seriously dangerous or very highrisk our tendency to conflate them is what stops us in our tracks a lot of the time I made the point when uh speaking in Birmingham that even the best workplace even the most nicely crafted organized the the best organization culture will still include challenges because the best workplace is not free of Challenge and difficulty um good work comes with an appropriate level of challenge but even the nicest workplace will give us opportunities to feel uncomfortable and it's what we do with that stuff that really matters so I'm not talking about environments where we are exposed to physical risk and danger I'm talking about where that's not an issue it's more the the stuff we think is uncomfortable so for example speaking up in a meeting that could be really uncomfortable or speaking out and sharing our dissenting or minority view how we give feedback or receive feedback how we deal with organizational change or ambiguous situations how we approach challenging tasks or new tasks or how we stay focused while the tasks aren't that exciting how we manage to persist through setbacks and keep our focus and how we navigate the almost endless uh opportunity for interpersonal challenges misunderstandings disagreements friction by no means a finite list but just some examples of the the the sources or potential sources of psychological discomfort in a typical workplace would we want uh these to stop us in our tracks and prevent action no we would not the good stuff happens on the other side of these fortunately we don't always uh respond to discomfort in a in a helpful way an overemphasis on how comfortable or uncomfortable a task is can lead us to procrastinate or engage in too much preparation before finishing or making a decision for example um it can result in us making some impulsive behavioral responses you know uh it can result in um that anticipatory anxiety um that we refer to as the Sunday scaries at the weekend Sunday afternoon is eaten up with thoughts and worries about the week ahead when you'd much r rather be engaged with the people close to you in your life or your hobbies or just simply resting and recovering from the Weak onone by and the rumination that can come with revisiting and going over and over uh past disappointments or challenges not learning from them but reliving them in an unhelpful way we can decide to keep our views to ourselves we can decide to avoid the interpersonal risks absenting ourselves or withdrawing from social situations that might just might be uncomfortable and there's a lot we know about the downside of it we're social creatures after all but the impact this this kind of behavior can have on our performance but also our well-being this is an important Point without the level of interpersonal connection that we would ideally like we can begin to feel lonely and that has a toxic impact on our well-being um our immune system if nothing else I'll link to some resources um about uh the impact of loneliness on our well-being in the in the notes that accompany this um including a free paper that you can download that explores how to bring these particular skills to life to overcome that experience of loneliness fundamentally we might engage in just the avoidance of experiences experiential avoidance where we're not exposing ourselves to situation that we know will be or just might be slightly uncomfortable we're playing it overly safe but of course without that exposure to discomfort and the situations that give rise to it we won't learn we won't grow we won't develop we'll be looking to avoid we'll be looking to minimize we'll be looking to control and we won't be focused on what's important the goals the tasks the values that give us a sense of purpose and meaning so what I would like to spend the remainder of this time on is uh talking about these skills themselves and how we can bring them to life this journey uh towards increasing our psychological flexibility is based on the acquisition and obviously the deployment of six skills and I simplify that as the three themes that I mentioned at the outset showing up letting go and getting moving taking taking helpful action so the first of these themes show up two skills here learning how to be uh present um and aware and connected in the present moment and this replaces our tendency to engage in mental time travel so when we are present given the the context I'm talking about we're able to notice what's actually happening in our environment we're able to use the information the present moment gives us rather than what we imagine will happen or what happened a long time ago that present moment connection is so powerful for dealing with challenges because we can in one sense use our five senses to gather information and not overly on the stream of stuff our mind is giving us secondly we've cultivated a a flexible self-concept we're not overemphasizing any one aspect of what makes is who we are we're not oversimplifying ourselves we're not holding on to it too tightly and responding unhelpfully when we feel it's threatened but in fact we're aware that we're made up of millions of data points and actually when we show up we're emphasizing those bits of our identity that are appropriate to the context we're actually in it also speaks to things like being able to be flexible with our interpretation and our perspective taking in a given situation and and that is the opposite of you know wearing a little badge that said I am the expert I am the boss I am only you know talking ourselves down so this combination of presence allows us to reach into what makes us us and utilize that and utilize the information from the present moment and not drift off into our imagination or our memory secondly we're learning how to let go and I use this phrase letting go of struggles with what's going on inside so instead of trying to control thoughts remove thoughts uh minimize discomfort or avoid discomfort we're learning two skills here one we call it cognitive diffusion rather than buying into all of our thoughts believing them all is true um or looking through them in other words seeing the world through the lens of those thoughts we're learning how to look at our thoughts to see them as mental experiences we're learning to see them for what they are they're just thoughts and actually this seemed to this seemed to cut through the noise uh during my presentation because I saw a number of people mention this when they spoke about the presentation on LinkedIn for example a thought is just a thought it's one of the most powerful things we can remember about our experience as a human with a mind they're just thoughts and I don't have to do anything with them I don't have to respond to them I don't have to comply with them they're just thoughts and similarly we don't have to avoid everything that's uncomfortable and not everything that's uncomfortable is dangerous and some discomfort is simply the price of Entry you know if we're going to do meaningful stuff if we're going to do stuff that has an impact in the world if we're going to do things that are our responsibility they may come with a sprinkling or a big big heing of discomfort but if we can see it as part of it and not an option we won't waste our time and our energy and our uh Behavior looking for ways to make it easier or more comfortable or hope that with time it will get easier we do it it it unleashes our capacity to take helpful action on the third theme get moving take action take helpful action so here we're learning how to be clear on our values we're Le we uh we're cultivating an awareness of what matters to us and we're able to notice what matters to us in the moment we're actually in and we're learning how to use our values to give us the sense of direction and to guide our Behavior rather than demanding thoughts or those flashes of emotion um like everything that fits in the discomfort bucket so we're using it a lot like a compass and that's the visual I use all the time for this values serve to give us a sense of direction that we can follow they don't tell us exactly what to do but they show us that valued Direction and of course it's last on my list but it's far from the least important engaging in committed action in other words intentional action rather than automatic avoidant responses to the world around us we're moving in the by the way if you're finding this useful interesting thought-provoking you might want to consider either subscribing to this Channel or sharing this video with someone in your network the whole reason this channel exists is to get information like this in front of as big an audience as possible and of course if you're liking it so far don't be afraid to hit like below so in a sense making contact with the present moment flexibly and giving up the struggle with all of that stuff inside of us all that that private experience of thoughts and emotions it freeze us up to bring values to the surface and to to do more of what matters that's really what we're talking about here so when we Face challenges like I I don't want to call that person because I don't know them well enough and I don't know how they'll respond to my request or I don't want to ask for clarity because I don't want to look silly I don't want to share my perspective because I don't want to be wrong I don't want to answer the question because I don't want to feel embarrassed on the one hand yeah it makes sense not to have those uh feelings not to want to be uncomfortable but from another perspective it it doesn't make sense at all we're not helping ourselves and we are almost certainly not being true to our values so what we can see then is for each of those EXA examples of psychological rigidity we also have a an example of psychological flexibility we're able to move from mental time travel to present moment awareness for example from automatic action to committed action and so on and the point here is that this is very much a journey and it's not like flicking a switch like any other skills they they take a little while to acquire they definitely take practice um but as anyone who knows me will be used to me saying it's about little and often and the cul ation of habits not wholesale reinvention of cell and I think the other word I throw into the mix to really underline this is that it is about the the intentional we're doing things because we know them to be helpful it's because it's what we want to do not because our mind is telling us or our gut is telling us how awful it would be but rather using something much more fundamental and longlasting to guide our Behavior values now what's really important here is that nothing I'm suggesting here is going to remove challenges it's going to equip people with the skills to navigate those challenges much more sustainably and then we can look back and not say that was fun but we probably won't say that was fun I enjoyed that it sparked Joy No but we can look back with a sense of satisfaction yes I did what needed to be done or I'm glad I did that or or I'm I'm satisfied with how I behaved which is so much more welcome than looking back with regret or feeling like we didn't live up to our own standards so you can find out so much more about this skill set by visiting uh the website at worklife cy.com obviously we've covered these skills in great detail on the podcast and on the YouTube channel uh before and the community of experts that brings this stuff to life I have found to be incredibly generous with their content with their materials so the apart from what I'm sharing here there's an awful lot out there that you can find online that can fill in some of the gaps but of course feel free to get in touch with your questions about this um you can leave a comment under the video you can email me directly a podcast atwork.com I'd be delighted to answer your questions if you didn't get a chance to ask me if you're at the conference in Birmingham or if this is the first time you're encountering these Concepts whatever the reason I would love to be able to answer your questions hopefully that's filled in a few blanks for you hopefully it's inspired you to learn a little bit more about these skills hopefully you may be want to acquire them or develop them yourselves okay that's all from me for this video hope you found it useful as ever thank you for watch watching and I look forward to seeing you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Siam_Daily_Lens: This is such a valuable discussion! Psychological flexibility is something many professionals struggle with, and your breakdown makes it so practical and actionable.

It’s fascinating how these insights could benefit even more people navigating workplace challenges. Small optimizations in how content like this is structured and discovered could amplify its reach to those searching for solutions. Looking forward to more deep dives on these topics! 🚀

- Umms, uhhs and imperferctions: How ACT helped my not good enough story: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone I want to tell you about my weekend it was it was a weekend I had quite the surprise when an old friend of mine shared with me that I say too much of a particular word in my videos that word being um which clearly is it really a word I had no idea I cannot tell you how many times I have watched my own videos and I had never heard it it was like it was invisible auditorially to me so once I heard that feedback and went back and listened to them I was shocked and very very quickly just engulfs with feelings of not being good enough the the whole you know just shame story of feeling like what I put out in the world in the universe and asked my friends and family to support and like and share and listen to was not the same thing that I had actually created and I was really horrified and quite hard on myself as so many of us are we are off on our own worst enemies and I had to do a bit of act on myself I had to practice some self compassion work I had to defuse from the negative thoughts I had to make room for and allow some very uncomfortable feelings and I have not yet made that video on acceptance or allowing or being with uncomfortable feelings and I also had to do some grounding work which is yet another video that I will do in the future and both big parts of why I love act so I really had to get myself just sort of to a calm place where I could think about how do I want to proceed from here I of course at some point maybe sooner maybe later it's dependent on time and energy and just really being in the right headspace I would like to remake the videos that I have already made and I certainly want to improve from here on out now the next day after the sky fell I spoke to an old friend of mine or actually she's a rather new friend but she's a dear friend about this and she has been a vocal and positive supporter of Toastmasters which is an organization that I have had zero interest in ever participating in for those of you who don't know it is an voluntary organization with very very low dues that helps folks work on public speaking I myself am completely freaked out by the idea of public speaking I have no interest in doing it and yet here I sit before you ready to tell you that I katherine Saxton thompson kathy am going to join Toastmasters because part of what Toastmasters does is to help you reduce your eyes and your arms and your nose all those kind of things that many of us use constantly without any kind of awareness now funnily enough my friend that I'm speaking about I shared with her a video that I made just for myself to kind of organize my thoughts and she noted that there were far fewer arms and in that video than anything previous and so I think that's just the the awareness about it is going to help me reduce it but I think beyond that I you know I can probably still do better and because creating things of value for the world relating to act spreading the word about this type of therapy that I adore that has made such a huge impact in my own life that I use multiple times a day that has made me such a more happy and satisfied human being because I want that because I value sharing it and because I want to create something that is helpful and listenable if that's even a word I am going to do this in service of that value so I just wanted to share with you and I want to give a sincere and heartfelt thanks to those of you who have supported me despite my obvious imperfections I have really valued your support your outpouring of love and I I'm going to do better not just for myself and not for the unknown folks out there but for for you my friends and supporters so thank you so much like everyone I'm a work in progress

- My Personal Story of the Valley Experience (ACT Exercise: Vision Plateau [adapted for Christians]): Kind: captions Language: en Hi there. Welcome to my channel Act on Mental Health, where we're learning about acceptance and commitment therapy and how to live life more purposefully and mindfully. I'm a licensed mental health counselor here in the state of Indiana, and in 2023, I embarked on my second career after 15 years of pastoral ministry, seven of which was as a lead pastor in Wisconsin. In 2019, I felt the tug on my heart that I was supposed to help hurting people through counseling. So I entered a graduate program for professional counseling with the hope to be a pastor and a counselor as a coach career. As you know, that didn't happen. You see, I was in a Valley moment in 2022 after graduating from my degree program, completing my internship and completing all the paperwork and application for licensure. Now, this wasn't depression per se, but a valley nonetheless. She had worked very hard to complete this rigorous graduate program, all while completing my ministerial duties at the church and raising a growing family of five. I prepared the church, the board, my staff and my family. Everything was falling into place, but then delayed and disappointments. A defeat started to set up circumstances just threw a wrench into my plan. Now, this wasn't my first time with a set of bad circumstances. After all, I led the church through the pandemic years. We were finally out of that malaise. But this was different. These just started to add up and pile up. Before I knew it. Now, first it was my internship, not paying me until my licensure came through. And I wasn't hearing from the licensing board of my state. And weeks turned into months without pay. Now, I was happy to do that for a couple of weeks, but as you can tell, after a couple of months starts to wear on you. And it really hindered my plans with alleviating the church financially so I could be by vocational. Second, my church was hurting. I was trying to hire staff, trying to recruit volunteers, trying to motivate the church and lead the church board. And it was a lot. And it began to wear on me. Then there was the detour and delay in our vacation plans, which wasn't the biggest issue, but it was just another thing. We were planning on staying in Florida at our home near the beach and a hurricane ended up going through and so that we couldn't stay there. And so we had to change. Our plan was either way to gear to go on vacation as a family or go on Disney cruise in November. So we opted obviously for the Disney cruise and that was a lot of fun, but it wasn't the same. And then on top of all that, my daughter had a health emergency which required hospitalization. And and it was a very scary moment because it happened in front of our other two children. And we were we were just devastated at the possibility something even worse happening now. That season was full of valley after valley. And just when I could see the light ahead, another delay detour, two feet was awaiting me. And while resolved to be resilient through at all, it wore me down. When our capacities to cope are overwhelmed, we begin to quickly deteriorate. And that's what was happening to me. Now, perhaps you're there today and a series of unfortunate events since visited you and really life has worn down your capacity to cope. Now I found a way out of that valley season and mid-life career transition was the last thing that I expected. Now, in this video, I'll show you how I made that decision. With the help of my faith and the surprising opportunity that my values revealed to me. When life gets low. Instinctively reach for higher ground. And then this depression can be seen as a gift. If it works to help us to find the meaning to our existence, meaning to our suffering, or meaning to other people's pain and suffering, as in the case of my daughter. In the valley, things get blurry. Depression blinds us to the future. We no longer look forward to tomorrow. Just try to get through today. But there's a second effect that amplifies this hopelessness. We forget where we've come from and where we're going. This is where I was at. Ball 2022 as I headed into a silent prayer retreat open to ministers in my district. I attended this three day retreat most years, and I was in a valley seeds and looking for God to help take me higher so I could see something to make sense of all this. I had forgotten where God had taken me, and I began to minister to my soul in the quietness of that retreat. And as I was still, he reminded me of his faithfulness to me and imparted vision for that season. I came home with meaning to my suffering, saying to myself, What is God doing in the delay? It hadn't occurred to me that God may be involved in the delays to my licensure to hire and staff into my vacation. Now, this was before my daughter's health emergency, which happened the next week. But God did something for me that prepared me for that moment during this mountaintop experience. God didn't take away the suffering or the delays, but he did create meaning for me that carried me through everything that life threw at me. And he ended up opening the door for me and to another ministry that was always a second calling for me of helping hurting children. But that's a story that I'll share after this next exercise. Now, this is an act exercise utilized an act for Depression workbook that I'll link in the description where you can listen to the audio version of this. I took the liberty to adapt this to a Christian perspective. This guided exercise is called the Vision Plateau and it prepares you for your own mountaintop experience with Jesus. It reminds me of Jesus's transfiguration found in Matthew 17, where Jesus and his three disciples, Peter, James and John, met with Moses and Abraham and Jesus transformed before their eyes. I'll read verse five Help you get a better picture, and set up this experience. While he was still speaking, a bright cloud covered them and a voice from the cloud said, This is my son, whom I love. With him I am well pleased. Listen to him. This gives me chills as I put myself there and hearing the Heavenly Father saying tense on how much he loves him and how proud of him he is. Now we're ready to transition to this experiential exercise at this moment in time. You are going to take a journey tradition, plateau. Inhale deeply and allow yourself to relax as you exhale slowly, as you breathe, preparing yourself to receive something important. Breathe in the air. You need to sustain you and breathe out. Any reservations? Feel your body as it warms. It becomes heavy and soft. This is the nature of relaxing and a helpful way to prepare to proceed. Something you need. Breathe in and out and know the breath or what it is. Be here and be now. As you are ready, begin to imagine that you're walking on a path. Everything's new on this path. Yet it seems familiar. It is. If you've been here before, but you have no conscious memory of it. The path goes through the words. It comes out at a river. The river is wide and the currents. When you sit down to watch the water. You wait and watch and breathe. The sun is high in the sky and it warms you. The sunlight plays on the water and the current takes the light. Together, they create shapes. While you don't understand the sense of the sun and the water are working together to give you something, something to take with you. It may be a shape, texture, sound or color. You will know it when you see it. Name it and take it because it is for you. When you're ready, you can leave the river. Now you're going to Vision Plateau, where someone special is waiting for you. Jesus, who has known you all your life. He has heard every prayer, seeing every tier, and knows your strengths, your vulnerabilities and your values. and know that you will soon be in the presence of Jesus who understands and loves you. The plateau is only a few hundred yards ahead. Take your time. There is no need to rush. As you climb to your final destination, when you reach the top, you sense a divine presence. You sit down on the plateau. It feels good, solid and warmed by the light of Jesus. This is a good place to rest and wait. Your back is straight and you feel relaxed. Almost like you're floating. You can see a long way in every direction from Vision plateau. You stand up so you could turn in all directions to appreciate the extent of you. You look to the east, to the south, to the west, and then to the north, having taken in so much. You are satisfied and you sit down again now facing north. You close your eyes and you can easily see moments from your life, from beginning when you first open your eyes to this very moment. Some are pleasant, some less so. They are all just moments, memory and images. Take them back and let them go. Breathe in and breathe out. As you watch the picture up your life and breathe. Jesus approaches you and you sense his presence and feel. No need to open your eyes or stand. You wait for Jesus and you wait for his touch. You know that it will be loving and gentle. You feel soft, warm fingertips on your forehead. And you know that Jesus is here to help you to see clearly. Remember the gifts the sun and the river have given and tell Jesus about them. This will strengthen the work you do together. Talk it over. Breathe, then. Now, allow silence. Pay attention closely. What does Jesus do with the shapes, sounds, or images you were given? Does Jesus transform them or simply come back to you to see? How does this relate to your vision for your life? Accept anything your mind says about your vision. Good or bad. Desired or not desired. Accepted as mental activity. Then accept your evaluation of mental activity and return to the moment in Jesus and your work together on Vision Plateau. When Jesus is ready to leave. Stand and express your gratitude after Jesus departs. Look to the East and imagine a future that includes your past. Then look to the South and imagine a future that includes the present and the courage to pursue your life vision. Then look to the West and the ability to plan activities that fulfill that vision, even when there is no specific reward for doing so and perhaps no end to the suffering. A Pursuing your vision. Finally, turn to the north and see that wise people are there to help you now and always with your life vision. Look into their eyes and thank you, but you can now prepare to lead the vision plateau. This is a place you can return to your experiences will differ each time you go. Say goodbye and take the path down and around back into the forest, past the river and back to the place where you lived day to day and where you are resting and using your power of imagination to create a vision for your planning and a vital life. Breathe in, breathe out. And when you are ready, open your eyes. You are seeing new world now. the following week after my silent prayer retreat, my wife was scheduled to go to her silent prayer retreat. Now, in our district, they had them back to back. So Monday through Wednesday, I went. She watched the kids, and then the following week it was a monday through Wednesday. And I watched the kids. And while she was there, after my three children went to bed, I began to think about the seven years we were foster parents to 13 children. Now my heart was full. And in the midst of everything going on, I just began to want for God to do something with this ache in my heart to help more hurting children. And for the first time, I Googled the name of my former foster agency that we were foster parents with in Indiana. Now, we lived in Wisconsin, and I was just going down memory lane. I noticed they changed their name of their organization, so I clicked on their website. I was curious. And before I knew it, I clicked on the career button and saw the open position for therapist working with family preservation. I had never heard of family preservation before, and so I was curious and I read the job description and about how it's a program for families to maintain their children while they work on concerns the Department of Children's Services has. As I read on, I felt a grip on my heart that this is where Jesus was taking me. Now, my wife was on her silent prayer retreat, so when she came back, I was eagerly asking her, So what did you hear God saying? And I was kind of expecting that God would tell her what he was telling me, but he did. God gave her such a burden for the people at our church and in our community and poured a genuine love for them in our heart. And this was great. But what do we do with this now that I'm sensing that we need to transition? So after discussing this more and kind of getting over the shock of thinking of going somewhere else, we took a step of faith and I applied and let God take it from there. While it was sudden to me and to those that we serve for seven years at, while they knew this was God's direction and released us to go where He leads us, basically living out what I preach for so long, transitioning from ministry was never part of my plan. But a year later, I'm seeing the preordained good work she's prepared for us to do. And what's neat is instead of preaching from a pulpit, I get to go into homes where families are hurting and watch them. He'll find peace, therapy services and this adventure. On my YouTube channel, it's kind of like my new pulpit, where every week I'm preparing a new lesson to teach people how to improve their lives through acceptance and commitment therapy through my story. I desire to instill hope for you that you, too, can find meaning in your value system. We can't always be on the mountaintop with Jesus. Many times we have to say goodbye to Jesus to live our life doing what he's told us to do and watch him work behind the scenes. So remember your journey towards a more purposeful and mindful life starts with a single click.

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-ue1nv9jf8c: أنت تقدم خدمة ممتازة للعملاء
  2. @chadwhitley: Loving these videos. I'm also a pastor and working on a degree program in preparation for marriage and family therapy licensure in NC. I also love ACT, so thank you for what you do here!
  3. @xianglily8855: 👍👍👍👍very helplful
  4. @Adventures-With: Thank you

- Intrusive Thoughts and Overthinking: The Skill of Cognitive Defusion 20/30: Kind: captions Language: en You have a million thoughts a day, but you don't&nbsp; even notice them; you just believe them. We swim&nbsp;&nbsp; through our thoughts like a fish swims through&nbsp; water - we don't even notice that the way we think&nbsp;&nbsp; colors our view of the world. Or sometimes we do&nbsp; notice, right. Sometimes we notice thoughts we&nbsp;&nbsp; don't like, and then we don't know what to do with&nbsp; them. Sometimes you fight them or you struggle&nbsp;&nbsp; against them, but you know if, for example, you&nbsp; think, "Oh, I'm such an idiot," and then you&nbsp;&nbsp; tell yourself, "No, I'm the smartest person in the&nbsp; world," that doesn't necessarily feel any better.&nbsp;&nbsp; So sometimes you get stuck in an endless loop of&nbsp; overthinking, obsessively struggling against a&nbsp;&nbsp; thought or obsessively worrying about something.&nbsp; But that's not any better because struggle steals&nbsp;&nbsp; your attention and your energy. Our thoughts are&nbsp; like glasses: they are the lens through which&nbsp;&nbsp; we see the world. If you think the world is a&nbsp; terrible, mean place, that's what you'll see.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you think people are inherently good, that's&nbsp; what you'll find. In this video, you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn how to get unstuck from your thoughts.&nbsp; You're going to learn how to look at your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of through them. You're going to learn how&nbsp; to take off your glasses, how to look at them and&nbsp;&nbsp; then decide if you want to hang on to them or if&nbsp; you want to choose a different pair. This skill&nbsp;&nbsp; is called cognitive defusion. It's the difference&nbsp; between having a thought and buying a thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is such a powerful skill for processing&nbsp; emotions and fighting depression and anxiety.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to improve your mental health,&nbsp; the skill of cognitive defusion teaches you&nbsp;&nbsp; to separate yourself from your thoughts. And&nbsp; this can give you power over your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of letting them run the show. Do you&nbsp; know at least three people? If so, then the odds&nbsp;&nbsp; are good that you know someone who experiences&nbsp; mental illness. But if you're like most people,&nbsp;&nbsp; you may feel anxious and uncertain about how&nbsp; to help. Everyone needs to learn these skills,&nbsp;&nbsp; but most people are never taught them. So I built&nbsp; a course with 55 short videos teaching how to&nbsp;&nbsp; help when a friend or loved one experiences mental&nbsp; illness. In this course, you'll learn how to build&nbsp;&nbsp; a relationship of influence, how to set healthy&nbsp; boundaries, what to say, and what not to say. And&nbsp;&nbsp; in addition to these personal skills you'll also&nbsp; learn how to help them access resources that you&nbsp;&nbsp; might not even know about and what to do if they&nbsp; won't get help or if they don't want to talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; it. You really can learn how to help when someone&nbsp; you cares about struggles with mental health.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you'd like to learn more, click the link in&nbsp; the description, and you can get started today.&nbsp;&nbsp; So first, to understand cognitive defusion, we&nbsp; need to understand what is cognitive fusion.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your brain is a word machine. It says stuff&nbsp; and it thinks stuff all the time. When you&nbsp;&nbsp; look through the lens of your thoughts, this is&nbsp; called cognitive fusion. It's the problem of being&nbsp;&nbsp; stuck to your thoughts. Cognitive fusion is buying&nbsp; into every thought that passes through your mind.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's when you think something, you don't even&nbsp; notice it, you just believe it. In this episode&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to talk about recognizing all of our&nbsp; thoughts and separating ourselves from them and&nbsp;&nbsp; then selectively choosing which thoughts or&nbsp; beliefs you want to act on or buy, as we say,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of letting random subconscious&nbsp; thoughts dictate your mood, your choices,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your ultimate happiness. So let me start&nbsp; with a story to illustrate cognitive fusion&nbsp;&nbsp; and cognitive defusion. So once I was working&nbsp; with a young man who had a lot of social anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll call him Miguel. And he had a good group of&nbsp; friends, but every time he hung out with them he&nbsp;&nbsp; would start to feel really anxious. And then when&nbsp; he was at a party, he would make some joke or say&nbsp;&nbsp; something, and then he would start to worry.&nbsp; He would think, "Oh, did I say the wrong thing?&nbsp;&nbsp; Did I hurt her feelings?" Or if,&nbsp; for example, one group of friends&nbsp;&nbsp; split off into the pool and another invited him&nbsp; to the game room, he would panic a little bit,&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling like terrified. Terrified because he&nbsp; didn't know which group to go with. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; he'd start thinking, Oh my gosh, I can't believe&nbsp; I'm getting anxious again. I'm such a loser."&nbsp;&nbsp; And then he'd think, "Oh, don't think that way.&nbsp; What's the matter with you? Don't feel anxious.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why do you always do this?" And then he would just&nbsp; start going back and forth in his head, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; fighting his negative thoughts and trying not to&nbsp; feel anxious. And if he couldn't get his anxious&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts to go away, he'd feel uncomfortable and&nbsp; he'd leave the party early. Now in this example,&nbsp;&nbsp; Miguel was fused with his thoughts in two ways.&nbsp; The first way was that when he was trying to hang&nbsp;&nbsp; out with his friends, he got all wrapped&nbsp; up in trying to make his thoughts go away.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was focusing all his energy on fighting his&nbsp; thoughts, and that kept him stuck or fused to them&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of putting his energy into having a good&nbsp; time. The second way that he got fused with his&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts is that he had an unwritten rule that he&nbsp; didn't even know about, he didn't notice he was&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking it, and it colored everything he did. Let&nbsp; me let me show you. So when I asked Miguel why he&nbsp;&nbsp; would get anxious, he said, "Well, i always worry&nbsp; that I might say something wrong or that I might&nbsp;&nbsp; offend someone or hurt someone's feelings." And&nbsp; when I asked, "Well, what do you mean?" he said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, I always overthink everything I say. After&nbsp; hanging out, I always worry that something I said&nbsp;&nbsp; might have bothered someone or that a joke&nbsp; I made might have hurt someone's feelings,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I just hate dealing with all&nbsp; the drama." So I said "What drama?"&nbsp;&nbsp; He said, "Well, if a couple of my friend friends&nbsp; invite me to do something with them but they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't invite my other friend, and then my other&nbsp; friend invites me to do something that same night,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do I say no to the other friend without making&nbsp; them feel bad?" So I asked a follow-up question.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I said, "They aren't being dramatic; you're&nbsp; just worrying. And he's like, "Yeah." I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, what are you most afraid of? And he said,&nbsp; "That I might make someone feel bad by saying no."&nbsp;&nbsp; So at that point I realized what was going on, and&nbsp; I said, "It sounds like you have a rule in your&nbsp;&nbsp; head that you're never allowed to make anyone feel&nbsp; bad." So he thought for a second. He said, "Hmm,&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess so. I never noticed that I had that rule,&nbsp; but now that you say that I think you're right."&nbsp;&nbsp; And then he was able to tell me some examples.&nbsp; He said, "Once I had a girlfriend who I wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to break up with, but I didn't for like a year&nbsp; because I didn't want to make her feel bad."&nbsp;&nbsp; And I was like, "Yes, that is a good example." And&nbsp; then he gave me another one. He said if the food&nbsp;&nbsp; is terrible or it's cooked wrong at the restaurant&nbsp; and the waiter asks how's the food, he always says&nbsp;&nbsp; great, even um if it's a lie. So this young&nbsp; man, Miguel, he didn't realize he was thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; this rule, right, I can never make anyone feel&nbsp; bad. And this rule that he didn't even know he had&nbsp;&nbsp; was making him really anxious. He had bought that&nbsp; thought. He believed it without even noticing that&nbsp;&nbsp; he was thinking that way. So in Miguel's case, he&nbsp; was stuck to his thoughts. It was keeping him from&nbsp;&nbsp; being present with his friends. When we buy our&nbsp; thoughts, when we believe everything we think,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes it hard for us to change. So the antidote&nbsp; to this is learning to notice your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; without buying them. You learn to look at your&nbsp; thoughts instead of looking through your thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you notice yourself as the thinker, the&nbsp; place where these thoughts happen. When when&nbsp;&nbsp; Miguel noticed his unwritten rule, he could see&nbsp; how impossible it was, how it it was keeping him&nbsp;&nbsp; from having good relationships. And when he was&nbsp; able to notice that rule, it was like, before he&nbsp;&nbsp; noticed the rule it was like "Oh my gosh, I have&nbsp; to make everyone feel good or I'm a bad person."&nbsp;&nbsp; And then he looks at that rule, he's like,&nbsp; "Oh, that's a thought; that's a rule I have."&nbsp;&nbsp; And he's and he's like, "That's not very helpful."&nbsp; He said "I - and then and then he was able to&nbsp;&nbsp; replace it with something more helpful. So he&nbsp; he noticed that thought, and he's like "You know&nbsp;&nbsp; what, instead of that rule, I'd like to replace&nbsp; it with this: I can't control how others feel,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I value being kind and assertive." So he&nbsp; could see both of these thoughts, and he could&nbsp;&nbsp; choose which one was most helpful for him. And&nbsp; this helped him feel less anxiety at parties&nbsp;&nbsp; and helped him focus his energy on being present&nbsp; and having a good time and being kind to people.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now this this idea of cognitive defusion&nbsp; is kind of a difficult concept to explain,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's easier to demonstrate. So you've&nbsp; got to experience it to understand it. So&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm gonna give you about four exercises that&nbsp; you can try to get a feeling for what it&nbsp;&nbsp; feels like to look at your thoughts instead of&nbsp; through your thoughts. Now this first activity&nbsp;&nbsp; is really easy to do with a negative thought&nbsp; about yourself, but I'm not going to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; on YouTube - partly because I think I don't want&nbsp; to trigger people here where they might not have&nbsp;&nbsp; been expecting that. So check out the course&nbsp; resources in the full course to experience that&nbsp;&nbsp; activity. And instead we're going to do a little&nbsp; bit of a a milder version of that activity. So for&nbsp;&nbsp; the next minute, write down or say out loud&nbsp; all of the thoughts that run through your mind. So for example, you may be thinking, "I don't get&nbsp; this" or "I'm not thinking anything." And then&nbsp;&nbsp; you just notice like, "Oh, that's a thought too,&nbsp; right." And then I want you to take one of those&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts and put the words in front of it "I'm&nbsp; having the thought that..." and stay there for&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit. Can you notice the thought? Can you see it&nbsp; as the thought that you're having in this moment? Now replay it one more time,&nbsp; but this time add the phrase&nbsp;&nbsp; "I notice that I'm having the thought that..." So&nbsp; for example, "I notice I'm having the thought that&nbsp;&nbsp; this is boring." Now what happened? Did you notice&nbsp; that sense of separation or distance between you&nbsp;&nbsp; and the thought? And see see if you can&nbsp; look at yourself while having thoughts.&nbsp;&nbsp; While you're noticing yourself having thoughts,&nbsp; take a second to open up your awareness to what&nbsp;&nbsp; other thoughts you're having. Is work popping up&nbsp; in your mind? Or perhaps the thought, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; "How much longer is this going to take?" Or&nbsp; are there other thoughts running through your&nbsp;&nbsp; mind? And just take a second to notice them&nbsp; and then to notice yourself noticing them. You just practiced cognitive defusion - looking&nbsp; at your thoughts instead of through your thoughts.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are a person that experiences thoughts and&nbsp; emotions. Thoughts and emotions are experiences&nbsp;&nbsp; that you are having. They aren't necessarily&nbsp; reality; they're just something that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; experiencing. You can have thoughts without&nbsp; buying them. Another great way to practice this&nbsp;&nbsp; is through the leaves on a stream exercise. Check&nbsp; out that meditation on my YouTube channel. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful way to separate ourselves from thoughts is&nbsp; to name them. Like literally, I've had clients who&nbsp;&nbsp; liked using the term, you know, negative&nbsp; mind to describe the spiral of thoughts.&nbsp;&nbsp; Or for some people, they might say, "Oh, that's an&nbsp; intrusive thought, right. That's giving it a name.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it can also be helpful to give those&nbsp; thoughts an actual name, like Billy Bob.&nbsp;&nbsp; So for example, "Oh, there's Billy Bob&nbsp; popping up into my thoughts today."&nbsp;&nbsp; And that that just means, you know, there's&nbsp; those thoughts popping in. And you might be&nbsp;&nbsp; able to identify Billy Bob as kind of a negative&nbsp; character. So it might say things like, "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll never be successful, right." Say, "Oh,&nbsp; there's Billy Bob," or "There's there's the bully,&nbsp;&nbsp; the bully thoughts coming in and telling me what&nbsp; to think." When we give our thoughts a name,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're basically saying like, "Oh, I am Emma,&nbsp; and this is a thought," essentially separating&nbsp;&nbsp; ourselves from our thoughts. So with Miguel, he&nbsp; might be able to look at his thoughts and say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I'm having the thought that I'm awkward, but&nbsp; just because I think that doesn't mean it's true."&nbsp;&nbsp; Then you could, Miguel could say something like,&nbsp; "Oh, hello thought. Thank you, mind, for making&nbsp;&nbsp; that thought. But that thought, you know, 'Oh, I'm&nbsp; so awkward' is not super helpful to me right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I'm gonna go back to paying attention to&nbsp; listening to my friend." That's that's another&nbsp;&nbsp; one. That's another cognitive defusion technique.&nbsp; It's called thanking your mind. So you just say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thank you, mind, for that thought. That's&nbsp; a thought. Just because Ii think it doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; mean it's true, doesn't mean I have to act&nbsp; on it, doesn't mean I have to believe it."&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay, here's another fun act exercise. Um they&nbsp; have hundreds of these, by the way, right. These&nbsp;&nbsp; are all thanks to Stephen Hayes and Jason Luoma&nbsp; and Russ Harris and all the other great act&nbsp;&nbsp; developers out there, Acceptance and Commitment&nbsp; therapy. So here's another one: using singing&nbsp;&nbsp; and silly voices, right. So you take the thought&nbsp; that seems really strong like "Oh, I can't go to&nbsp;&nbsp; that party if I feel anxious." And then you start&nbsp; to use weird voices to say that thought out loud:&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't go to that party if I feel anxious.&nbsp; I can't go to that party if I feel anxious.&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't go to that party if I feel anxious. Okay,&nbsp; I'm terrible at accents, so I should not even try,&nbsp;&nbsp; right. I can't go to that party if I feel anxious.&nbsp; And the basic idea is that when you start to say&nbsp;&nbsp; a thought in a bunch of weird ways, it starts&nbsp; to feel like this weird thing, like this weird&nbsp;&nbsp; jumble of words, instead of feel like just,&nbsp; you know, the water that you're swimming in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Same thing happens if you say a word over and&nbsp; over again. So if, for example, Miguel is like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh my gosh, I'm so awkward," then he says the&nbsp; word "awkward" over and over and over again:&nbsp;&nbsp; awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward - say it&nbsp; with me - awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward&nbsp;&nbsp; awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward&nbsp; awkward awkward awkward. And at some point,&nbsp;&nbsp; awkward all of a sudden turns into this weird&nbsp; jumble of sounds. That's a cognitive defusion&nbsp;&nbsp; technique, right. This is just a word. Your brain&nbsp; is a word machine, and everything it makes up,&nbsp;&nbsp; some of it's true, some of it isn't. Some of it's&nbsp; helpful, some of it's not. It's just a thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; And when we separate ourselves from our thoughts,&nbsp; we can create choice for ourselves. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; another exercise that's often helpful is to&nbsp; symbolically put your thoughts onto an object&nbsp;&nbsp; to give them a tangible form. The easiest way to&nbsp; do this is to write. Write it down on a piece of&nbsp;&nbsp; paper. Bruce Lee said, "I have a system of ridding&nbsp; my mind of negative thoughts - I visualize myself&nbsp;&nbsp; writing them down on a piece of paper. Then&nbsp; I imagine myself crumpling up the paper,&nbsp;&nbsp; lighting it on fire, and burning it to a crisp."&nbsp; In residential treatment, I worked with a whole&nbsp;&nbsp; bunch of kids who found it helpful to make their&nbsp; thoughts concrete by putting them on an object.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I had one client who had really low self-esteem&nbsp; - and again, we were not forcing the kids to do&nbsp;&nbsp; this; they were choosing to uh engage in these uh&nbsp; activities to help themselves. And it wasn't about&nbsp;&nbsp; shame or like the scarlet letter or anything&nbsp; like that. So she, this woman, this this young&nbsp;&nbsp; lady with low self-esteem, she decided to get a&nbsp; huge rock, like, you know, like a 10-pound rock.&nbsp;&nbsp; And she wrote on it "I'm unlovable." And when&nbsp; she believed that thought, when she bought&nbsp;&nbsp; that thought, she would carry that rock around.&nbsp; And when she chose not to believe that thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; when she chose not to buy that thought, she would&nbsp; set that rock down. So she made a physical way&nbsp;&nbsp; to represent this idea of having a thought versus&nbsp; buying a thought. Like that rock might have still&nbsp;&nbsp; been in the room and she might still be noticing&nbsp; that rock, but just because she was noticing it&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't mean that she believed it. Lots of thoughts&nbsp; are going to pop up in your head throughout the&nbsp;&nbsp; day. Average people have intrusive thoughts&nbsp; all the time. We all might have inappropriate&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts or negative thoughts or true thoughts&nbsp; or false thoughts. It's okay to have a thought;&nbsp;&nbsp; it doesn't say anything about you. Your brain&nbsp; is a word machine. But if you're going to buy a&nbsp;&nbsp; thought, if you're going to believe it and&nbsp; act on it, make that a conscious choice.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the ways to do this is to just put it&nbsp; on an object, right. I've had clients who have&nbsp;&nbsp; chosen to carry rocks, sticks, and even horse poop&nbsp; in a bag as a way to represent themselves being&nbsp;&nbsp; fused with their thoughts. And when they're ready&nbsp; to notice them and separate from them, they would&nbsp;&nbsp; set these objects aside. When they no longer need&nbsp; that thought, they let go and go of an object.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sometimes they'll come back to it, but&nbsp; gradually just practicing, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; like labeling it and choosing it if they want to,&nbsp; that can help them kind of create that separation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Cognitive defusion gives you the freedom to ask,&nbsp; "Does buying this thought make my life better?"&nbsp;&nbsp; That's what act is all about: it's freeing us to&nbsp; live the life we value instead of getting sucked&nbsp;&nbsp; into thoughts. So you say, "This is a thought.&nbsp; It's just a thought. I don't have to believe it,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't have to act on it, I don't have&nbsp; to fight it. I can let it pass through."&nbsp;&nbsp; So the essential question is "Is this thought&nbsp; helpful to me? Does it help me live my values?"&nbsp;&nbsp; If the thought is helpful, you can buy it, you&nbsp; can believe it, you can hang on to it, you can&nbsp;&nbsp; act on it. And if it's not helpful, then you can&nbsp; notice it. You can just have it but not buy it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's just a thought. Thoughts pop up all the time,&nbsp; and not all of them are helpful. So for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; fusion with thoughts says, "Oh, I have to stop&nbsp; being anxious if I want to go to parties."&nbsp;&nbsp; Or with OCD it says, "Oh, I have to make this&nbsp; thought about washing my hands go away." It traps&nbsp;&nbsp; us in a cycle of fighting our thoughts or just&nbsp; believing them without even noticing it, right.&nbsp;&nbsp; With cognitive defusion, we create space between&nbsp; ourselves and our thoughts and feelings so that&nbsp;&nbsp; they can have less of a hold over us. So you can&nbsp; say, "I can feel anxious and go to that party. I&nbsp;&nbsp; can have the thought that I need to wash my hands&nbsp; 20 times, but I don't have to buy that thought."&nbsp;&nbsp; Now let's just take a minute and contrast this&nbsp; with CBT, cognitive behavioral therapy, right. So&nbsp;&nbsp; in section 18 and 19, we talked about challenging&nbsp; distorted thinking. This is a CBT skill.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you might take the thought like, "Oh, I'm a&nbsp; complete loser," and then you would challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; that thought. You would say, "Oh, that's black&nbsp; and white thinking. Let's look for exceptions.&nbsp;&nbsp; What would a kind friend say about that?" CBT&nbsp; gives you the skill of challenging your thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a helpful skill for some people or&nbsp; in some situations. Now for other people,&nbsp;&nbsp; that leads them to constantly struggling against&nbsp; their thoughts. So with Acceptance and Commitment&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy, we add the skill of defusion. It's the&nbsp; ability to separate yourself from your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; and to choose your actions. So you'd look at a&nbsp; thought like "I'm a complete loser" and you'd say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Thanks, mind." And you say and then you'd&nbsp; ask, you know, "Is this thought helpful for me?&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you, mind, for giving me this thought that&nbsp; I'm a complete loser, but this is just a thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is this thought helpful to me?" And if it's not&nbsp; helpful, if it doesn't help you live your values,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you just let that thought be there. You let&nbsp; that thought pass along, do whatever thoughts do.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you just look around for another&nbsp; thought that's more helpful to you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now it's not that like cognitive defusion is&nbsp; better and challenging cognitive distortions&nbsp;&nbsp; is worse; it's just that these are different&nbsp; skills, different tools. When you add skills&nbsp;&nbsp; to your emotional toolbelt, you have more&nbsp; flexibility to find the one that works for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; So in summary, don't get obsessed&nbsp; with fighting your thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with trying to make them go away or just&nbsp; worrying about them or reacting to them.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't have to believe everything you think.&nbsp; With cognitive defusion, we create a little space&nbsp;&nbsp; between ourselves and our thoughts. We notice&nbsp; them. We say, "I'm having the thought that&nbsp;&nbsp; like I'm awkward or I'm a loser." Instead of&nbsp; saying, "I'm a loser," say "I'm having the thought&nbsp;&nbsp; that I'm a loser." Then we can ask ourselves,&nbsp; "Is this thought, is this thought helpful?&nbsp;&nbsp; Does it help me live the life I value?" So "Does&nbsp; that thought help me? Oh, I'm such a loser. Hmm.&nbsp;&nbsp; It doesn't really help me take any action.&nbsp; Okay, I'm just going to notice that thought.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to choose one thing I can do to, I don't&nbsp; know, make my life better or whatever that is."&nbsp;&nbsp; So that frees us to choose what's most important&nbsp; and to allow other thoughts to pass through so&nbsp;&nbsp; that we can focus on living the life we want.&nbsp; The Acceptance and Commitment therapy gurus&nbsp;&nbsp; have made some great videos and recordings&nbsp; to help people understand and practice this,&nbsp;&nbsp; so check out a few of them. The links are below.&nbsp; Thank you for watching, and take care. This video&nbsp;&nbsp; is one skill from my 30-skill course How to&nbsp; Process Your Emotions, where I teach 30 of the&nbsp;&nbsp; most essential skills for resolving depression,&nbsp; anxiety, and improving mental health. Emotion&nbsp;&nbsp; processing is an essential skill for working&nbsp; through intense emotions, but most people have&nbsp;&nbsp; never been taught how to do it. I'm putting every&nbsp; single main video lesson on YouTube for the world&nbsp;&nbsp; to access for free. You watching these videos,&nbsp; sharing them, contributing to my Patreon and my&nbsp;&nbsp; sponsors make this possible. If you would like&nbsp; to access the entire course in one place ad free&nbsp;&nbsp; with its workbook, exercises, downloads, extra&nbsp; videos, live Q&A's, additional short readings,&nbsp;&nbsp; and links to extended resources, the link to&nbsp; buy the course is in the description below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [532 likes]: Learn to stop Intrusive Thoughts with this COURSE: $10 off TODAY https://courses.therapynutshell.com/p/managing-intrusive-thoughts/?product_id=3327597&coupon_code=TENOFF
  2. @Mrhola-fs2ux [1 likes]: Life changing video, really needed this thnx a lot u changed my life honestly ❤
  3. @HellCatt0770: I find asking questions valuable -  Where did I grow this thought and what purpose did it serve? Does it have some use now? Is it getting in the way of what I want? What would I say if someone I cared about said that thought?  Who made the rule? Who can break it?
  4. @IntoThePsych: One of the most helpful things to learn is that not every thought deserves your attention. Cognitive defusion teaches you to notice thoughts without treating them as facts or reacting to every one of them. Creating that small mental gap can reduce overthinking and help you respond with more clarity and calm.
  5. @SanaRazzaq1: 13:00
  6. @22333ب: شي حلووو
  7. @كولا-ل5ث: I've started to hate myself because of these trivial thoughts, honestly. It's negative and illogical thinking, but I don't know how to get rid of it. It doesn't bother me, but I don't know why it makes me feel so upset.
  8. @alexandru.pavalache: <3
  9. @RebornPlato: Can I get a one on one with you? 🙏
  10. @msagameuponedayatatime3551: 😢😢😢 them or you struggling as an overthinker with intrusive thoughts I couldn't get past the fact that the mouth doesn't sink with the words it made it very hard for me to focus while I really wanted to learn the message that was being provided I had to stop one minute and 14 seconds in maybe I'll find a better video❤❤❤
  11. @yusaki8064: I’m too autistic to understand this shit
  12. @RiazLutchmancaptain: My only thoughts are the MANDRAGIES and what they did
  13. @RiazLutchmancaptain: Because I'm alone they think GANGING UP with MK Ultra will do the trick
  14. @RiazLutchmancaptain: Programming from next 🚪they camped there 😂😂😂
  15. @aem1998: Very sophisticated methods. Thank you!
  16. @Flower_flower_bloom: My thoughts are: “the world is such a bad place, war, my friends are not around me, people discuss politics and religions make my want to vomit” it’s in my head 24/7 i can not sleep what do i do
Those cross my mind almost every day
  17. @Karan-m4p2r: Hi. I'm trying something new and wanted honest feedback.

I'm a teacher, and I've noticed that many people carry stress, exam pressure, loneliness, or overthinking but don't have a safe space to talk.

I'm thinking of offering one-to-one listening sessions where people can simply talk without being judged.

Would this be something you think people would find useful?
  18. @amcq6388: Thank you for this wonderful content! Thinking peaceful and positive vibes your way!
  19. @john-o2e6h: It's really difficult to recover. 28 months of severe anxiety, depression, loneliness, hopelessness, trauma, grief. I lost my mum to Suicide 5 years ago I was living with her she was my best friend. I was doing good enough up to 28 months ago. I was in a job that was toxic. An immense loneliness came over me. I was having a serious mental health breakdown. I was in trouble I had to ring an ambulance. The last 28 months 6 physciatric admissions 3 by ambulance. An attempt on my own life 15 months ago. No friends or family. Left my toxic job. On meds, under a physciatrist. One to one counselling doesn't work for me I tried 8 different therapists. The loneliness is the worst part of the illness. Finding it really hard to do anything to be positive 😪
  20. @jiyuku-san: For me its like a constant fear something will happen to my family, if i dont touch something , or i have to tell a secret or else something will happen to me or my family, this constant voice in my head disrupting my daily work , i cant focous on a single task for longer time. I have no friends and isolating myself from family is more depressing , however when i am with them high expectation from them also depressing . Its hard to live with so much thoughts ,sometimes my mind tells me to do something dangerous(like standing in a single leg at the edge of roof, putting my hand in hot water, ) if dont complete the task something bad will happen..........
Even i am writting all this because of the thought(if i dont write what is on my mind something bad will happen today).

- How to Stop Overthinking: Master the ACT Skill of Cognitive Defusion 13/30: Kind: captions Language: en hey Emma why you pulling that rope have you ever&nbsp; tried pushing [Music] one all right guys so sorry&nbsp;&nbsp; for the bad joke but thank you for letting me&nbsp; reminisce on my days as a camp counselor for a&nbsp;&nbsp; second um and this rope has something to teach us&nbsp; about our anxiety and our anxious thoughts now I&nbsp;&nbsp; once had a client who was a ballerina and she&nbsp; was a really good one too she would perform at&nbsp;&nbsp; top levels uh but she struggled with anxiety when&nbsp; when rolls for the next production were about to&nbsp;&nbsp; be announced she would worry and worry about what&nbsp; what part she would be given and she would wonder&nbsp;&nbsp; if she would get the lead and she would ruminate&nbsp; over any past mistakes that she'd made and she'd&nbsp;&nbsp; wonder if she'd messed up so much that they'd&nbsp; give the lead to someone else and she'd think&nbsp;&nbsp; about everything she'd said to the production&nbsp; manager and she'd wonder if there was anything&nbsp;&nbsp; she'd said that had been offensive and she also&nbsp; tried to predict which roles every dancer would&nbsp;&nbsp; get so she'd think about every single dancer&nbsp; in her troop and she'd imagine their strengths&nbsp;&nbsp; and in in her head she'd imagine like a hundred&nbsp; different roles and she'd place them all in their&nbsp;&nbsp; positions and then she would compare herself to&nbsp; them um initially only noticing like all of their&nbsp;&nbsp; skills and highlighting all of her own flaws&nbsp; and then she'd flip and she'd obsess over her&nbsp;&nbsp; own abilities and then highlight all of their&nbsp; flaws and she would literally obsess over this&nbsp;&nbsp; for hours for days leading up to like when the&nbsp; RO decisions were made and this interfered with&nbsp;&nbsp; her ability to relax to hang out with friends or&nbsp; to finish her school work so she felt stressed&nbsp;&nbsp; and confused she couldn't figure out if she was&nbsp; amazing or awful she couldn't figure out if she&nbsp;&nbsp; was confident or insecure and she knew that she&nbsp; like had to be confident so if a fearful thought&nbsp;&nbsp; came up she'd like struggle against it like&nbsp; try to force it out of her head with positive&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking or with another round of obsessing over&nbsp; who would get each role and the more she tried to&nbsp;&nbsp; like think positive the more stressed out she&nbsp; became and the more time she spent inside of&nbsp;&nbsp; her head and the more anxious she was she stopped&nbsp; seeing her friends and she became more depressed&nbsp;&nbsp; and it seemed like the harder she tried the&nbsp; worse things got so by the time she came to&nbsp;&nbsp; see me she was ready to quit ballet so here's the&nbsp; problem that many of us get trapped in most of us&nbsp;&nbsp; at some point in our lives get stuck in our&nbsp; thoughts we like ruminate or we obsess over&nbsp;&nbsp; situations whether it's the dumb thing we said&nbsp; the other night or the upcoming performance we&nbsp;&nbsp; need to do so if we have a thought like oh I'm&nbsp; such a loser then we just believe that thought&nbsp;&nbsp; without question or we engage in like a wrestle&nbsp; with our thoughts trying to like force them to&nbsp;&nbsp; be positive and trying to prevent Popin thoughts&nbsp; from happening like oh I can't think that way I&nbsp;&nbsp; can't think that thought or we fear our thoughts&nbsp; we're afraid of them we judge them we demand that&nbsp;&nbsp; they change but the problem is that the more we&nbsp; try to force our thoughts to change the louder&nbsp;&nbsp; they become and worse when we're putting tons&nbsp; of energy into struggling with thoughts we get&nbsp;&nbsp; sidetracked from what we really value in life&nbsp; so in this video you'll learn how to escape&nbsp;&nbsp; the Trap of overthinking bothersome thoughts and&nbsp; negative thinking with the ACT skill of cognitive we resist them this can make them louder the way&nbsp; your brain works is what you pay attention to you&nbsp;&nbsp; get more of so your brain is is wired to pay more&nbsp; attention to the things you pay attention to now&nbsp;&nbsp; Dean Anderson he's from waset mental health he&nbsp; once told me a story to illustrate this process&nbsp;&nbsp; when his family needed a new car they decided they&nbsp; wanted a suburban and they didn't really know what&nbsp;&nbsp; color they wanted but after looking through&nbsp; their options they decided that they wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to buy a peor Suburban it's kind of like a Tawny&nbsp; gray silver color and as soon as they chose that&nbsp;&nbsp; color they hadn't bought the car yet um guess&nbsp; what they started seeing every time they were&nbsp;&nbsp; on the road they'd be driving on the freeway&nbsp; or driving through the parking lot they would&nbsp;&nbsp; see peer Suburbans they had never noticed that&nbsp; color before even though they'd been around them&nbsp;&nbsp; frequently they the cars had been on the road for&nbsp; a while and they'd never seen them but once they&nbsp;&nbsp; started looking for peer Suburbans they started&nbsp; seeing peor Suburbans everywhere this is how our&nbsp;&nbsp; brain works what you pay attention to you get more&nbsp; of so if you have an intrusive thought and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; like that was awes awful I should never think&nbsp; that again your brain is like oh that thought&nbsp;&nbsp; is super important let's pay a ton of attention&nbsp; to that thought and let's scan for that thought&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time and if it pops in let's pay even more&nbsp; attention to it and this is what makes uh thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; that thought in particular louder and louder&nbsp; what you pay attention to you get more of or&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have a thought like I'm going to fail that&nbsp; exam and then you struggle against that thought&nbsp;&nbsp; and you think no I'm a great student I can't think&nbsp; about failing I have to think positively then your&nbsp;&nbsp; brain makes both thoughts really loud and that&nbsp; back and forth interferes with your ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; study so what do we do instead what does work&nbsp; with thoughts cognitive diffusion is the act&nbsp;&nbsp; skill where you stop believing your thoughts&nbsp; you drop the struggle with them and instead&nbsp;&nbsp; you notice them you separate yourself from your&nbsp; thoughts you use your values to clarify what you&nbsp;&nbsp; do want to pay attention to so the the first skill&nbsp; with cognitive diffusion is noticing that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking we talked about this a little bit in&nbsp; the video on automatic negative thoughts it can&nbsp;&nbsp; be really powerful when you're able to shift from&nbsp; the thought I'm not good enough to I'm noticing&nbsp;&nbsp; the thought that I'm not good enough right we&nbsp; talked about that in the last video but let's see&nbsp;&nbsp; if we can take this one step further so this next&nbsp; exercise uh is called The Observer self exercise&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's take one minute right now and practice so&nbsp; close your eyes and start to notice your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; don't try to change them or judge them just let&nbsp; them come and go for the next minute become aware&nbsp;&nbsp; of every thought that crosses your mind and as you&nbsp; notice each thought silently label it as thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; so for example if you think I have to do laundry&nbsp; later acknowledge it by thinking to yourself I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about laundry or I'm thinking about this&nbsp; this video or I'm thinking about how hungry I am&nbsp;&nbsp; after a few minutes of labeling your thoughts try&nbsp; to shift perspective so instead of being inside&nbsp;&nbsp; your thoughts imagine you're sitting in a cinema&nbsp; watching your thoughts on a screen your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; are the movie and you are the audience remember&nbsp; movies come and go but the audience remains now&nbsp;&nbsp; shift for a second away from your thoughts and&nbsp; notice your bodily Sensations can you feel the&nbsp;&nbsp; weight of your body on the chair or the ground&nbsp; you feel the sensation of air entering or leaving&nbsp;&nbsp; your nostrils as you notice each sensation remind&nbsp; yourself that you're the one who's observing Can&nbsp;&nbsp; You observe yourself thinking can you notice that&nbsp; you're the one having thoughts that you're the&nbsp;&nbsp; one having Sensations this is your Observer self&nbsp; in action okay so could you feel the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between the thinking self and the Observer self&nbsp; was it easy to stay in The Observer or did you&nbsp;&nbsp; get sucked back into thinking how did it feel to&nbsp; watch your thoughts from a distance rather than&nbsp;&nbsp; being entangled in them when we're caught in the&nbsp; Whirlwind of our thoughts it's easy to believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that they Define us but by accessing The Observer&nbsp; self we realize that we are not our thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; we have thoughts We Are The Observer of these&nbsp; thoughts this perspective can reduce suffering and&nbsp;&nbsp; provide Clarity in moments of distress remember&nbsp; your thoughts are just thoughts they're not facts&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're not you by regularly practicing the&nbsp; shift from the thinking self to The Observer self&nbsp;&nbsp; you can cultivate a greater sense of peace and&nbsp; balance and understanding in your life now act&nbsp;&nbsp; has a ton of metaphors for this skill um the chess&nbsp; board is one right your thoughts are like chess&nbsp;&nbsp; pieces uh but you are the board you're the place&nbsp; where these thoughts happen don't get wrapped up&nbsp;&nbsp; in an individual piece just notice the whole board&nbsp; or another one is is your mind is like a sports&nbsp;&nbsp; announcer it can make commentary for hours and&nbsp; hours but the announcer isn't the real event the&nbsp;&nbsp; real event is the game they're playing it's the&nbsp; action so our brain is going to make commentary&nbsp;&nbsp; on much of what we do but when we detach a little&nbsp; bit from our thoughts we get to be the player so&nbsp;&nbsp; for example if you have the thought I'm going to&nbsp; mess up this presentation imagine it's a sports&nbsp;&nbsp; announcer providing commentary and instead of&nbsp; getting wrapped up in the thoughts or feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; anxious you might respond with h thanks for the&nbsp; commentary mind I'm going to go back to Preparing&nbsp;&nbsp; and doing my best I'm just going to play you&nbsp; know there's some other easy ways to practice&nbsp;&nbsp; diffusion so after this video in the full course&nbsp; we'll have some exercises like leaves on a stream&nbsp;&nbsp; and passengers on the bus that can help you get&nbsp; a better idea of what it feels like to shift from&nbsp;&nbsp; being in your thoughts to being the Observer of&nbsp; your thoughts another really powerful way to um&nbsp;&nbsp; diffus from thoughts is humor so if you're having&nbsp; a negative thought about yourself you could um&nbsp;&nbsp; imagine yourself saying it in a silly voice or&nbsp; imagine it as a cartoon character um or or just&nbsp;&nbsp; singing it like in a ridiculous way can diffuse&nbsp; the thought like I'm having the thought that I'm a&nbsp;&nbsp; loser like just singing it silly Um this can help&nbsp; you see your thoughts as like less threatening and&nbsp;&nbsp; just as a thought it's just a bunch of words the&nbsp; easiest way for me to do cognitive defusion is to&nbsp;&nbsp; write thoughts down um writing down your thoughts&nbsp; can be a helpful way to distance yourself from&nbsp;&nbsp; them so uh you want to make sure you do this as&nbsp; an observer rather than as as if like this is&nbsp;&nbsp; reality so you could title the page stuff my word&nbsp; machine is making up or you title the page like&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm having the thought that and then you can just&nbsp; start making a list of thoughts like oh these are&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts that I'm having another way to kind of&nbsp; separate from this because thoughts are so just&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere it's like we're swimming in them&nbsp; and we don't really realize it so one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; things we often do in marriage therapy that can be&nbsp; really helpful is calling these thoughts stories&nbsp;&nbsp; um we do this all the time in marriage therapy&nbsp; so instead of saying my husband never helps out&nbsp;&nbsp; around the house you say like oh I'm telling the&nbsp; story that I'm always a victim here or you might&nbsp;&nbsp; think my wife is a narcissist and the therapist&nbsp; could help you discern that like while she may&nbsp;&nbsp; have some selfish traits you're telling the story&nbsp; that she's incurably bad and why bother trying if&nbsp;&nbsp; she's so terrible and and then that story isn't&nbsp; helping you have a better relationship so our our&nbsp;&nbsp; word machine of a mind is always telling stories&nbsp; and if we believe these stories too rigidly we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; filter out lots of helpful thoughts that disagree&nbsp; with that story um in a comment on YouTube a guy&nbsp;&nbsp; named Tommy explained cognitive diffusion from his&nbsp; own words so here's what he said he said okay so&nbsp;&nbsp; this is my take on the whole thing thoughts and&nbsp; feelings come sometimes seemingly on their own&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't identify them as right or wrong I don't&nbsp; spend time thinking and overthinking and trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to pick them apart and figure out why like oh my&nbsp; why in the world am I thinking like this because&nbsp;&nbsp; that begins an endless string of thoughts about&nbsp; thoughts about thoughts they just happen like a&nbsp;&nbsp; hiccup or my heartbeating so I just kind of look&nbsp; at them decide whether they're useful and if not&nbsp;&nbsp; H that was interesting oh well on to the next&nbsp; thing okay so the whole goal of diffusion is to&nbsp;&nbsp; help you get a little space from your thoughts so&nbsp; that you can shift your focus and energy into the&nbsp;&nbsp; things you care about when you're not so focused&nbsp; and wrapped up in your thoughts you're free to be&nbsp;&nbsp; here in the present and engaged with the people&nbsp; you care about you can put your energy into doing&nbsp;&nbsp; the things you love so for that client who was a&nbsp; ballerina I would say get good at watching those&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts and then choose the skill of diffusion&nbsp; you separate yourself like I'm noticing I'm having&nbsp;&nbsp; the thought about all these role positions and&nbsp; all this stuff and then I'd say okay what would&nbsp;&nbsp; you like to be thinking about instead I'd like&nbsp; to be relaxing or I'd like to be with my friends&nbsp;&nbsp; okay shift your attention to that but to do&nbsp; that we have to have space from our thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; we practice that with these cognitive diffusion&nbsp; skills and just a reminder cognitive defusion is&nbsp;&nbsp; a skill that takes practice it's not about getting&nbsp; rid of your thoughts or never getting caught up&nbsp;&nbsp; in them again but it's learning to observe them&nbsp; with curiosity and openness and um I would just&nbsp;&nbsp; encourage you mindfulness is another powerful way&nbsp; to get good at watching thoughts we're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; talk about that skill in an upcoming video and&nbsp; I'm encouraging you to just keep practicing and&nbsp;&nbsp; experimenting with different techniques to find&nbsp; out what works for you so in in the next video&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll learn some effective ways to strengthen&nbsp; your ability to shift your attention the whole&nbsp;&nbsp; idea of this is we can't push the Rope right we&nbsp; can't force our brain to stop overthinking but&nbsp;&nbsp; we can pull the Rope we can shift our attention&nbsp; gain a little bit more influence over our lives&nbsp;&nbsp; actually a ton of influence over our lives by&nbsp; learning to gently invite our mind to change&nbsp;&nbsp; we do that through the power of our attention&nbsp; but first we have to have cognitive diffusion&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that so let's get good at noticing our&nbsp; thoughts noticing that we're having thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; and that we're the place where those thoughts&nbsp; happen okay thanks for being here and see you soon [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [8 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @anna47990 [4 likes]: "Şimdiki zamanda özgürce varolabilmek" işte dileğim bu
  3. @abinashsahoo3239 [1 likes]: This is actually a very well effective type of meditation.
  4. @pth154: Thanks
  5. @arichar692: When I did the thought excersize of being the observer, I imagined myself in one of those nature style tv shows with the calm narrator's voice in a british accent saying " Oh, and here we see her reviewing the actions at work today, and reviewing  her feelings she had when her nephew popped the balloon while she was on the phone. My My, how startled she was." I also am a fan of words, so it strikes me as interesting that in order to put distance in the thought, " I am a  loser", we add more words, literally making the distance between those words larger. " I am having the thought that I am a loser". it's silly, but I wonder if increasing the word distance helps. " I am having the thought that quite possibly, against all odds, in  the echoes of my mind there rings a thought that potentially, I am a loser."
  6. @ZolaKaytr: Isn't this in Buddhist practice ? Can they make anything original?
  7. @HanRuth14: Emma and everyone in the comments, thank you for sharing and teaching. It is helping some of my phobias and my illness.  ❤❤❤❤
  8. @lehw916: What's the difference between cognitive diffusion and emotional numbing/detachment/thought suppression? Could you make a video about it?
  9. @dalacambel: i feel like her presence just calms my anxiety and overthinking more than the advice lol
  10. @mme480: Shame on you for selling ads
  11. @Abi-hw6cv: Love this!
  12. @denismaftei691: worst video ever
  13. @SavageShotzz: Amazing
  14. @rashad3412able: This video is so interesting to me. You have a subscriber. The mind is mysterious and the quote “ movies come and go but the audience remains” is a bar I made a stank face 😂
  15. @Coxhypnotherapy: This is such a helpful way of explaining it.
A lot of people I work with notice that once they stop trying to “fight” thoughts, the mind actually settles much quicker on its own.
  16. @dannyzee4: How is this different to radical acceptance? It sounds like radical acceptance of thoughts or is it? 
And what if I need to think? If I want to think I love someone, think about something academic. This sounds like being in my head even more. And without my thoughts I'm just a physical vessel, not a human. Or the goal is to do it only with thoughts that are taking you away from how you want to live? But what about negative thoughts, like sad empathy for someone? Is this something to defuse, or something to keep? It's distressing, but it also makes us human.
  17. @AshtonRogers-se1zj: Is it not crazy that Mia Goth and Shia Labeouf are married to one another!? I predict that their offspring will be the second coming of Marlon Brando. 😅
  18. @AndrewJTCooper-ks1ng: It's very difficult for me since i have ADHD.
  19. @bloomingorchid9407: I will go crazy with all the techniques...The best technique is not to think about what to do when thought comes, they always say that not to avoid..not avoiding means giving importance.. if i don't avoid, it will play in my mind..
  20. @ZetsubouZolo: I'm just curious how this works with CBT, in other videos about anxiety you said to challenge your anxious thoughts but isn't that engaging with them? this would kick me easily into an anxious rumination cycle.

- Defusion: How to Detangle from Thoughts & Feelings: Kind: captions Language: en-US Do you ever feel as if your thoughts dictate how your day goes? Or how you interact with others? Does it sometimes feel exhausting trying to shut your thoughts off? In today's video, I'm going to teach you a skill called defusion and this skill will help you get some distance from unhelpful thoughts, from unhelpful beliefs, emotions, images, and other inner experiences. Be mindful that throughout this video I'll use the word "thought" or "thoughts" to capture all these inner experiences that i kind of just mentioned. Defusion is a skill that is perfect for anyone who struggles with recurrent "negative" thoughts, or thoughts that significantly impact mood and behavior. It's also quite helpful for those who struggle with depressive and anxiety symptoms and, quite frankly, is pretty useful for anyone because, let's be honest, we all kind of get caught up and tangled with our thoughts and emotions from time-to-time. So, let me introduce myself. I am Dr. Gabriela Sadurní Rodríguez, licensed psychologist here at The Psychology Group. And without further adieu, let's begin First, let me explain a little bit about defusion before getting into the technique itself. Defusion is a skill that is primarily used to detach, separate, or get some distance from our thoughts and emotions. (All the inner experiences) And defusion is part of Acceptance and Commitment Therapy or ACT. ACT actually poses an interesting idea for thoughts; instead of trying to change, fight, or repress our inner experiences like thoughts, emotions, memories, sensations and all of this... we can focus on changing how we relate with them. Our minds tell us different stories because that's just what minds do. In the ACT framework, the content of the thought is not a problem, it's how we relate to it that can create the problem itself. So, for example, if you have the thought, "I am useless," and are completely fused with it by giving it your full attention, believing it, getting caught up in it, then you might feel sad or bad about yourself and avoid doing things that are important and or meaningful to you. When we are fused with our thoughts, we might believe them as a hundred percent true. And thus, thoughts could dictate our behavior. Believing thoughts such as, "I am useless," is probably not helpful and could affect every aspect of your life. Understanding this concept is important when learning about diffusion. According to Russ Harris, writer of ACT Made Simple, cognitive defusion is: looking at thoughts rather than from thoughts. Noticing rather than becoming caught up in them. Letting thoughts come and go rather than holding on to them. The aim of defusion is to: decrease our attachment to our inner experiences. Reduce the believability of thoughts. Decrease the influence of thoughts on our behaviors and experiences. Increase our ability to be present and take effective action. And most importantly, facilitate psychological flexibility. With defusion techniques you do not battle difficult thoughts, instead, you choose how much attention you pay to them. It also helps to ask yourself: is holding on to this thought or belief helpful? Is doing so causing me suffering or keeping me from being effective? Am I being pushed around by my thoughts? These questions aid in better understanding the workability concept. The workability concept is assessing if what we're doing is working to live a meaningful life. It's also choosing to take action based on what works instead of what is true. Okay, now that you have a better understanding of the importance of our relationship with our thoughts, let's get into an experiential example to better understand these concepts and the skill. So, I'm going to be walking you through the "Hands as Thoughts" metaphor, and this is by the same author I mentioned, Russ Harris, and the same book, ACT Made Simple. So, we try to adapt it a little bit for here... So, feel free to follow along if you like. First, I want you to put your hands together, palms facing upwards, as if they were pages of an open book. And I want you to start to imagine that your hands are your thoughts. And now, slowly, raise your hands up towards your face until you are covering your eyes and you can only see through the gaps of your fingers. Take a look around and notice how this impacts your view and your connection with your environment. How does it feel? Notice it is quite difficult to see much other than your hands and in this case, your thoughts. So, what would it be like to go around your day this way? Would you be limited or miss out on things? Would it be challenging to respond to others or the world around you? Chances are that you're answering "yes" to all these questions. Of course it is. This is a good representation of fusion. We become so entangled with our thoughts that we get disconnected from an environment and the here and now experience. Similarly, our thoughts also have a big impact on our behavior and our capacity to be effective. Now, slowly begin lowering your hands... and start noticing the difference. How does it feel? Can you notice that as the distance between your hands (your thoughts) and your eyes increase you're able to take in much more information and it's easier to connect with others and the environment? This is a good representation of defusion. Notice that your hands (your thoughts) are still there, they did not magically disappear, and that you can now look at them without becoming entangled with them. So, basically, if the thoughts are useful or workable to you you may use them. And if they are not then you may notice them and let them sit there. This also aids in becoming flexible and taking effective action. Now, let's get into some diffusion techniques. And by the way, these may sound a little bit silly at first, but they can really work. So, I encourage you to try them out and get a feel in what works for you. First, is the "Just Noticing" technique. In "Just Noticing," actually say to yourself, "I notice I'm having the thought of.." and you may use labels to describe your inner experience. Like, "there is that 'I'm unlovable thought'," or "I see you [mind] catastrophizing". Then there's the "Thanking the Mind" technique. This is where you tell your mind, "thanks for the feedback," or "thank you for this interesting thought" when having difficult thoughts. And it helps if you do so in a somewhat sarcastic manner so you don't take your thoughts too seriously. And remember that our goal here is to change our relationship with our thoughts. Next is "Mindful Watching." This is where you look at your thoughts with curiosity and openness and you kind of notice them and how they come and they go... without attempting to change or control them in any way. Finally, "Repeating a Thought." You can use a silly voice when saying the thoughts like, using the Bugs Bunny voice or talking as yoda would... "like you, I do not." Or singing your repeating it out loud over and over again until only sound remains. Basically, these are some of the defusion techniques. If you put this into practice, it might help you get some distance from your unproductive or harmful thoughts, beliefs, or emotions. So... that's it! Thank you so much for watching. If you found this helpful please don't hesitate to check out the other great information that we have at ThePsychologyGroup.com. And again, I'm Dr. Gabriela Sadurní Rodríguez and I hope you have a wonderful day!

  Top Comments:
  1. @bradford_shaun_murray [6 likes]: 6:40 "I notice I'm having the thought of..." That's a good thought diffusion skill to be mindful of using, to create some distance from the thought, and not go down an unnecessary rabbit hole of overthinking. Very helpful
  2. @sebascazares [2 likes]: What if feelings/gut emotions are accurate + leading you the right way, and you have ruminating thoughts are purely anxiety/leading you the wrong way. How do you decipher which ones are correct and to follow?
  3. @LiesbethSteendam [1 likes]: Thank you very much
  4. @_creighton [1 likes]: Hmm, I thought you had misused the word diffusion, but in listening discovered a new word and concept 'defusion' that I had not previously been exposed to... Thank you for sharing!  Fascinating concept.
  5. @NikhilKu-wg8db [1 likes]: Thanks . sister. God bless you.
  6. @mircorichter1375: I thought defusion is for fused thoughts, not emotions and sensations
  7. @Diana-qd2xh: Its not the content of the thought that causes a problem, its the way we relate to it. 
Im noticing technique -> say im noticing before every thought or feeling youre experiencing
  8. @ocrodger: I don't get it. Maybe my brain is too simple. Ignoring my thoughts or questioning my thoughts? My thoughts come a mile a minute and I just one at a time. How do I slow my brain down so I can pick each thought? I don't get it.
  9. @Paulieinspiration: I like the Yoda thought how could you not laugh. Like you I do not like, 😅
  10. @jc7093: MIght be good to do some examples.   Like singing the thoughts.   Also sometimes we need to act on our thoughts.  Maybe its an unresolved issue and need an action plan. Thank you for having a video on ACT!! (:
  11. @pageandink: “Diffusion is part of ———- therapy” what did she say? 1:27
  12. @insidethelyrics: It's very similar to mindfulness. Great content! Thank you!
  13. @NickoSGM: I might be wrong, but you sound Venezuelan
  14. @will74lsn: defusion vs. distancing vs. decentering: Same things or not?
  15. @2liter8: YEAH very helpful thx
  16. @blackleviathan: thank you! very helpful! 😊
  17. @sadia2395: What if I choose to suffer? I have problem eating or having a good time or enjoying since I lost my father 2 months back.I feel am being selfish and forgetting him
  18. @ZahraJabeen-c5u: Last one was most funny
  19. @EfrainTrustianDavinanta: skibidi Toilet rizzz ohio
  20. @NarinePSYAbrahamyan-Tovmasyan: Thank you ❤

- The First Step To Present Moment Awareness: Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT Core Process): Kind: captions Language: en it's my belief that one of the reasons why people often fail new year's resolutions or fail making any kind of big habit change besides the fact that they set goals that are way too big and are not able to be integrated into their life whatsoever but they miss the first crucial step and that is to notice the patterns they currently have just see what they're doing how they're experiencing life how they're interacting with it because we can't break patterns that we don't see we can't know to change something that we're not aware is already there we always want to jump ahead to the doing of the work forgetting that simply being present showing up being here now is one of the most crucial components to making changes in our life because we can only make change in this moment right here right now we can think about changes we want to make in the future we can't implement them until we get to that point and so a big part of the work i do with clients at the beginning is helping them learn to notice to touch base with what's happening in the moment what are they feeling what sensations are they experiencing where are they what color are they what density are they where do they fit what thoughts are running through their head how do the thoughts show up what happens after and then and next until they've noticed all of these different pieces and they can put them together into a pattern and then we can ask the question you know is this working is this serving you we have to have something first in order to ask that noticing what shows up inside of us how we interact with it and then how we interact with the greater world is crucial to making changes in our life and being able to adapt when things change if you watched my earlier video about diffusion and if you haven't i'll put it here you know one of the best steps when we're trying to create some space between that kind of thought and reaction or experience reaction is to simply pause pause and notice what's happening create that space and then we can pivot towards something that's important to us oftentimes i recommend clients when they're trying to interrupt those patterns initially just pause and connect with something in the moment that could be our breath though for a lot of people that can be anxiety provoking too it can be looking around and noticing things i guarantee you if you walk around your neighborhood with an eye to like really notice small details colors shapes sounds all of that kind of stuff you're going to pick up on things that you never saw before maybe a little cat peering out of a window or the signs of the seasons changing as the leaves change color flowers bloom or that someone fixed their number on their house sign or planted some new flowers there are so many things we just straight up miss in life because we aren't paying attention and just as we can be present in this moment by turning our attention outward we can do it by turning inward as well if i'm having a feeling or a sensation see if i can map where it is on my body can i wiggle my toes and my shoes can i feel each individual toe can i ground my feet into the earth or the floor or your shoes one of my favorite activities for just dropping into the moment is finger tapping just practicing touching each finger to your thumb and noticing the moment you feel that sensation it's a really simple exercise but what it does is it just helps us tune into one sensation happening right now in this moment that's loud enough that we can hear it and yes you can practice this through traditional meditation or mindfulness exercises i'm a huge fan of the app headspace but there are a billion of them out there at this point and while eyes closed seated intentional exercises are wonderful they're not super practical you can't necessarily draw those out into everyday life and so developing different ways to kind of drop into your experience to describe to notice to observe just sporadically throughout the day can help you be more connected be more present and begin to notice what are the thoughts feelings memories sensations that are showing up we get sucked into those what happens next and is that working for us so that we can begin to create space between those experiences so we get to choose what happens next not our thoughts or feelings because the truth is we can only move towards our values in this moment right here right now and if you want to learn how to be better at perspective taking and building your empathy check out this act core process video in self is context

  Top Comments:
  1. @TaniaQwen [19 likes]: I just discovered ACT and I don't know where it has been my whole life. I really struggled with intrusive thoughts as an OCD sufferer and every other method I tried never gave me so much peace as ACT has. Now I simply observe the intrusive thoughts, the fear, the anxiety, the bodily sensations, and then I allow them to stay or leave if they please. I picture them as actors on a stage in a theatre; and I as the observer just watching them. I allow them to enter and leave the stage throughout the play of the present moment. This has brought me so much calm ever since I started using it. Thanks for the video.
  2. @robertafierro5592 [4 likes]: My new GO-TO Channel..I will be listening ti these videos over and over again, until I have this info ingrained into my psyche...not obsessively, mind you, but focusing on the present..staying in the NOW.
  3. @CYDPSYCHE3 [4 likes]: Hi Jessica! I love the ACT videos that you're sharing on YouTube. I wish there were more opportunities for women in ACBS to connect, but delighted to find your videos. It's wonderful that you make the core processes approachable.
  4. @iansegail [3 likes]: I really enjoy your videos- I hope you’ll start up again
  5. @chriscampbell703 [3 likes]: Thank you Jessica. The thought that my life got ruined after doing Ayahuasca is very strong. Things are much more intense inside now - panic, fear and depression which I did not have before. I feel like it distorted my values. How accept and work with that?
  6. @angeladegomez8134 [1 likes]: Excellent thank you so much . I identify with all your videos ❤
  7. @CDRacing: You look like Harry Potter
  8. @AmirhosseinBadiab: Great video thanks
  9. @Rob0t-xyz: Being aware in the moment can turn into hyper vigilance. Like being in the flow can turn into hyper focus.
  10. @calmitdown: Thank you so much. I really like the way you describe everything. So helpful!
  11. @gamingwithabdulhaadi3698: Amazing. I wonder if possible speak to you and take some session's online
  12. @radji4110: Thank for your words.
Where are you recording from?
  13. @Kikimojobaby: Great message. 👍

- What is Cognitive Defusion in Acceptance and Commitment Therapy?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm Jim Lucas and welcome to act&nbsp; in at the YouTube channel where I answer your&nbsp;&nbsp; questions about acceptance and commitment therapy&nbsp; and contextual behavioral science in this episode&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to talk about cognitive diffusion as&nbsp; you probably know cognitive diffusion is one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the six behavioral processes in psychological&nbsp; flexibility it's part of the openness pillar&nbsp;&nbsp; which means it's closely related to willingness&nbsp; or acceptance but more about that later what so&nbsp;&nbsp; what is cognitive diffusion cognitive diffusion&nbsp; is a process that addresses the struggles that you&nbsp;&nbsp; have with your thoughts many of our thoughts are&nbsp; helpful and many of them are unhelpful unhelpful&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas tend to have too much control over how&nbsp; you operate for example your mind may worry&nbsp;&nbsp; that you aren't a very good practitioner never&nbsp; get caught up or hooked by these thoughts then&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll probably feel more tense frustrated or&nbsp; ashamed when I have these feelings and I get&nbsp;&nbsp; preoccupied with judgments about my skills then I&nbsp; can lose track of where I want to go when you get&nbsp;&nbsp; lost in your thoughts it's called cognitive fusion&nbsp; and when you fuse with your mind it exerts more&nbsp;&nbsp; influence over how you do things in contextual&nbsp; behavioral science we are concerned with how&nbsp;&nbsp; you can predict an influencer behavior change as&nbsp; you can see we can predict that cognitive fusion&nbsp;&nbsp; may increase your distress and interfere with your&nbsp; performance cognitive diffusion works to undermine&nbsp;&nbsp; fusion by altering the context ie the environment&nbsp; where your thinking takes place AK predicts that&nbsp;&nbsp; by practicing cognitive diffusion you can build&nbsp; up cognitive flexibility in other words you can&nbsp;&nbsp; get better at disengaging from unhelpful thoughts&nbsp; so how do you diffuse from your thoughts there are&nbsp;&nbsp; many cognitive diffusion techniques and exercises&nbsp; when you're starting out it's natural to wonder&nbsp;&nbsp; what's the best diffusion exercise someone with&nbsp; obsessive thoughts with panic or depression an act&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent response to this question is well it&nbsp; depends and to understand why it depends it first&nbsp;&nbsp; helps to understand two things what is functional&nbsp; contextualism and what are the sub processes of&nbsp;&nbsp; cognitive diffusion functional contextualism&nbsp; or FC is the scientific philosophy that sits&nbsp;&nbsp; underneath actin CBS the truth of SC is that you&nbsp; can only understand the helpfulness of a behavior&nbsp;&nbsp; once you know the context without knowing the&nbsp; background you need to comprehend why you are&nbsp;&nbsp; doing something or whether it has worked if I was&nbsp; to say to you the best diffusion exercise to use&nbsp;&nbsp; with OCD is leaves on a stream then I may not be&nbsp; correct firstly I know nothing about the person&nbsp;&nbsp; you're helping what they want to accomplish or&nbsp; how their obsessions influence their behavior&nbsp;&nbsp; in the book the heart of act by Robin Walzer she&nbsp; talks about how there are two types of knowledge&nbsp;&nbsp; doing and reflecting one only knows what the&nbsp; best cognitive diffusion technique is by doing&nbsp;&nbsp; it and then tracking what happens I can theorize&nbsp; that this technique works best for that which is&nbsp;&nbsp; informed by my learning history my hypothesis&nbsp; may be correct but being right is overrated&nbsp;&nbsp; the spirit of act is in living from the feet up&nbsp; not from the head down track your experience to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn what works so what are the sub processes of&nbsp; cognitive diffusion Ruth Bayers work on the five&nbsp;&nbsp; facets of mindfulness describes a process called&nbsp; non reactivity and in the book inside this moment&nbsp;&nbsp; Patricia Robinson and Curtis Russell highlight&nbsp; some of the similarities between psychological&nbsp;&nbsp; flexibility and the five facets of mindfulness I&nbsp; found this work useful and it shaped my practice&nbsp;&nbsp; hopefully for the better they suggest that the&nbsp; process of letting thoughts be is comprised first&nbsp;&nbsp; of disengagement and secondly non reactivity to&nbsp; diffuse from your mind it often helps to slow&nbsp;&nbsp; down your attention and by slowing down you can&nbsp; enter an observing mode that allows you to stop&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking and when this happens you start to look&nbsp; at your thoughts rather than from your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; so you have some space between you and your mind&nbsp; you add some distance to the context and we can&nbsp;&nbsp; predict that it will help you choose what to&nbsp; do next when you've added some distance you&nbsp;&nbsp; can continue to practice non reactivity it can be&nbsp; tricky because your mind often pulls you back in&nbsp;&nbsp; many of my clients talk about not being able to&nbsp; do - exercises because they couldn't concentrate&nbsp;&nbsp; their minds wander which is what they do when this&nbsp; happens keep it slow and breathe and now you can&nbsp;&nbsp; add some further ingredients to the context&nbsp; that help you to sit back from your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; you can label them I'm having a thought you can&nbsp; see the words on a computer screen moving up and&nbsp;&nbsp; down and left or right changing size of color&nbsp; or sing the thoughts out - aloud happy melody&nbsp;&nbsp; you may want to welcome your thoughts greet them&nbsp; say hi maybe even Thank You mind for advising you&nbsp;&nbsp; and as you do this slowly breathe in and out to&nbsp; help you stay disengaged and in this observing&nbsp;&nbsp; mode so how is willingness related to cognitive&nbsp; diffusion experiential avoidance is the opposite&nbsp;&nbsp; of willingness or acceptance and fusion is the&nbsp; opposite of diffusion avoidance and fusion have&nbsp;&nbsp; similar functions because they closed the&nbsp; door on discomfort our emotions are useful&nbsp;&nbsp; sources of information and they tell us what we&nbsp; need and help us communicate with each other so&nbsp;&nbsp; that we can work together by routinely closing&nbsp; the door on your feelings you deny yourself the&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunity to learn from them willingness and&nbsp; diffusion are tools that helped me to be more&nbsp;&nbsp; open when practiced you get better at adapting to&nbsp; different situations when you let go of control it&nbsp;&nbsp; helps you to tolerate ambiguity it gives you the&nbsp; capacity to navigate complexity in evolutionary&nbsp;&nbsp; science it is called variability animals are more&nbsp; likely to survive and thrive when they adapt to&nbsp;&nbsp; their environment I've heard Steve Hays described&nbsp; diffusion as a method for increasing cognitive&nbsp;&nbsp; flexibility when you play around with the Kahn&nbsp; texts you take power out of your thoughts you&nbsp;&nbsp; change how you relate to what's happening in your&nbsp; mind and if you practice it regularly you retain&nbsp;&nbsp; it it becomes part of who you are there are many&nbsp; useful textbooks around where you can learn the&nbsp;&nbsp; format of various diffusion exercises that made&nbsp; simple by Russ Harris does it well to get a little&nbsp;&nbsp; deeper into the processes I recommend learning act&nbsp; by Jason Luoma Robin Walzer and Steve Hays if you&nbsp;&nbsp; would like to see a video on a specific technique&nbsp; please let me know by commenting below and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't already done so click subscribe so you can&nbsp; get notified when I publish new videos thanks for&nbsp;&nbsp; stopping by and join me next time for more lessons&nbsp; on how to get apt enact [Music] you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jack-ck2zv [4 likes]: Hi Jim, been following your videos these past few weeks, I think they're excellent, really informative, great for learning and understanding new concepts and consolidating older ones. Thank you, keep it up!
  2. @AlexaScher-c3l [1 likes]: Thanks so much for these videos, they're very useful. I'd love to see further videos of you implementing cognitive defusion exercises as well as other ACT processes.
  3. @MiguelTrujillo1 [1 likes]: Thank you for your perspective. It really helped me. I will follow up on your book recommendations.
  4. @2liter8: very good but if you could speak a little slower.
  5. @letsgofishingene: Very good topic Thank you
  6. @belindasjewelrybox3126: Would like to see more videos
  7. @fatimamarsden7879: Thank you Jim for your videos! They are helping myself as a therapist and my clients. We need more of this.

- Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT): Cognitive Defusion Video: Kind: captions Language: en no one wants me you would you say that say that again just say it again no one wants me okay yeah so there's some punch to it yeah I'm having the feeling that I don't believe that when I say it there are elements of it sure probably having a thought actually belief is probably more like a thought but having a thought that you don't believe it I don't I don't fully believe it okay so good so notice that but clearly it's hit a nerve but I don't I don't fully believe that okay that's let's say it again I'm having the fact that I don't want to okay there something in here that's sticky yeah M they're not making me cry you're not going to make me cry yeah that's been part of what's been going on yeah I'm not going to go there well what's the point okay I mean maybe the point is opening up a space in which it's okay to be you these are not new tears right mhm they're old yeah Sally has a tendency to want to push the thought away and now we're going to focus on the workability of that move at the level of literal truth we can agree with and in fact in this segment I will that if these thoughts were literally true then yes you would have to deal with them in the way that we normally do but since they're just thoughts there is an alternative which is begin to learn to notice them as a process of thinking ining unfolding inlight in the moment that's not an easy discrimination so we're going to spin sometime flushing it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @shiiche [54 likes]: He looks like Count fucking Dracula XD
  2. @MrJimbo1410 [11 likes]: I'm having the thought that it's possible to just say something without the carrier phrase 'I'm having the thought...'
  3. @thisisbob1001 [9 likes]: Thanks for the vid.
  4. @omarsuleiman8454 [1 likes]: Why is talking like that? You know how...
  5. @خفيفظريف-ل3ق [1 likes]: Plz hiw can i get the translation to arabiic ?
  6. @oscarmaynes5667: You are a demon u like her suffering and u know a space is a comfortable space
  7. @oscarmaynes5667: Your as dumb as rocks

- Acceptance and Commitment Therapy | CBT therapist Aid: Kind: captions Language: en hey there everybody and welcome to today's&nbsp; presentation on acceptance and commitment&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy or act i'm your host dr dawn elise snipes&nbsp; in this presentation we're going to go over the&nbsp;&nbsp; goal of act or acceptance and commitment&nbsp; therapy we'll discuss how act differs from&nbsp;&nbsp; other mindfulness-based approaches and then&nbsp; we'll go through the six core principles of act why do we care john cobb zinn in 2004 said you&nbsp; can't stop the waves but you can learn to surf&nbsp;&nbsp; act believes that distracting oneself from&nbsp; distress is like constantly running away from your&nbsp;&nbsp; own shadow in your attempt to control the negative&nbsp; thoughts and feelings you're at a loss for control&nbsp;&nbsp; in other life situations if you're devoting&nbsp; all of your energy to running from that shadow&nbsp;&nbsp; you're exhausting yourself because you're&nbsp; never going to escape it completely but you're&nbsp;&nbsp; also not spending energy on other things that&nbsp; could enhance your life at this point in time the acronym act stands for accept&nbsp; your reactions and be present&nbsp;&nbsp; choose a valued direction or be committed to a&nbsp; valued direction and t stands for take action act is based on contextualism and relational frame&nbsp; theory and i'm going to go through these just kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of hit the highlights of them just so you're kind&nbsp; of aware of the background or the framework of act&nbsp;&nbsp; relational frame theory is a psychological theory&nbsp; of human language developed largely through the&nbsp;&nbsp; efforts of steven c hayes from the university&nbsp; of nevada reno and dermot barnes holmes of the&nbsp;&nbsp; national university of ireland relational frame&nbsp; theory argues that our ability to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; and predict things in life is based on our ability&nbsp; to create links between things so for example&nbsp;&nbsp; when you were little you went to the doctor and&nbsp; the first time you may not have known what to&nbsp;&nbsp; expect so it was really kind of scary&nbsp; but the first time you went your brain&nbsp;&nbsp; formed memories through words and pictures in&nbsp; order to help you predict what it would happen&nbsp;&nbsp; in the future when you went to the doctor's office&nbsp; in other types of therapy we call those schema&nbsp;&nbsp; but that really forms what relational frame&nbsp; theory is referring to and is sometimes called&nbsp;&nbsp; phenomenological reality the way you perceive&nbsp; things in the present is based on memories&nbsp;&nbsp; from similar experiences in the past and your&nbsp; brain says okay i remember something like this so&nbsp;&nbsp; i can help you predict whether this is going to be&nbsp; no big deal or scary or whatever you're expecting&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to happen each person's relational&nbsp; frame each person's schema are different&nbsp;&nbsp; based on their individual experiences so that's&nbsp; really important to recognize what i may view&nbsp;&nbsp; as terrifying somebody else may view as exciting&nbsp; like roller coasters and i'll talk about roller&nbsp;&nbsp; coasters a fair amount today because that's&nbsp; a good example of a difference in perception&nbsp;&nbsp; snakes and spiders are two other ones some&nbsp; people are terrified of snakes and i happen to&nbsp;&nbsp; like them i mean well anyway contextualists&nbsp; understand the complexity of a whole event&nbsp;&nbsp; as a reciprocal or back and forth interaction of&nbsp; the individuals and the variables in context so i&nbsp;&nbsp; can predict how something's going to happen and if&nbsp; i predict it's going to be scary then i am going&nbsp;&nbsp; to act in a particular way when i go into that&nbsp; environment so if i am going to the doctor and i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; walking in there and i'm acting all sheepish and&nbsp; terrified then the doctor is probably hopefully&nbsp;&nbsp; going to respond with a kinder gentler comforting&nbsp; approach to help me feel more comfortable if on&nbsp;&nbsp; the other hand i don't have any big deal walking&nbsp; into a doctor's office i may walk in and plop down&nbsp;&nbsp; and the doctor will interact differently with me&nbsp; um at that point in time they may interact more collegially or friendly with me instead of&nbsp; comforting so we do want to recognize that&nbsp;&nbsp; how we present how we act impacts how others act&nbsp; likewise after that experience if i was scared&nbsp;&nbsp; and i went in and the doctor was comforting then&nbsp; when i go back i'm going to have a different&nbsp;&nbsp; perception i had one doctor uh many many years&nbsp; ago that well when i was a child i went to the&nbsp;&nbsp; hospital to get my tonsils out and they took my&nbsp; blood and they were really rough with me and it&nbsp;&nbsp; hurt a lot they didn't warn me so i was terrified&nbsp; of needles after that and i continued to be&nbsp;&nbsp; terrified of needles for many many years and when&nbsp; i was about 28 i had a doctor that i went to and&nbsp;&nbsp; she had to draw blood and she was going to give me&nbsp; a tetanus shot and i got really tense and really&nbsp;&nbsp; stressed out and she comforted me and said you&nbsp; know it's not going to be a big deal i promise&nbsp;&nbsp; and when she gave me the shot i didn't even&nbsp; feel it and you know i'm not sure what she did&nbsp;&nbsp; differently but ever since then my expectation of&nbsp; getting my blood drawn or getting shots has been&nbsp;&nbsp; different do i expect it always to be pain-free no&nbsp; but i know that there's a possibility a hopefully&nbsp;&nbsp; a good possibility that it will be easy-peasy&nbsp; and it's not going to be a repeat of the past&nbsp;&nbsp; so when we encounter situations in the future&nbsp; that go against what our expectations were&nbsp;&nbsp; we modify our expectations we modify our schema&nbsp; and say okay well maybe every time i go to the&nbsp;&nbsp; doctor it's not going to be this you know painful&nbsp; scary ordeal and we work from there anyhow&nbsp;&nbsp; language is learned through interaction with&nbsp; the environment and contextualists are very&nbsp;&nbsp; aware of schema that guide our expectations&nbsp; guide our beliefs and language forms those schema&nbsp;&nbsp; i've talked in other presentations about&nbsp; attachment and how when children are young they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know what anger is or depression is or fear&nbsp; is they just have a feeling and responsive adults&nbsp;&nbsp; help them develop their language help them put&nbsp; a label on it you're feeling really angry right&nbsp;&nbsp; now so then the child learns okay when i feel&nbsp; this way this is what they call anger when i see&nbsp;&nbsp; this color this is what they call blue children&nbsp; aren't born with that knowledge and we help them develop ways to describe their environment&nbsp; as they grow up think of something that was&nbsp;&nbsp; scary as a child that's no longer scary so when&nbsp; you were a child you formed a schema about it&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's not scary anymore and this could be&nbsp; because you conquered your fears or view it&nbsp;&nbsp; differently you know a lot of children are afraid&nbsp; of the dark and they may not be able to tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; why they're afraid of the dark but&nbsp; it's scary to them however as adults&nbsp;&nbsp; we're generally not afraid of the dark&nbsp; anymore so our schema has changed through&nbsp;&nbsp; night after night after night after night&nbsp; of sleeping in the dark we discover hey this&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't that big of a deal and maybe it's actually&nbsp; even kind of relaxing not to have lights bearing&nbsp;&nbsp; down on us when we're sleeping so we change&nbsp; our schema based on experiences that don't&nbsp;&nbsp; quite fit with what with our expectations and&nbsp; eventually develop a sense of security in the dark&nbsp;&nbsp; or you may have changed your schema because you&nbsp; are a different person strangers when you're a&nbsp;&nbsp; child if you were afraid of strangers because you&nbsp; know you were afraid they were going to hurt you&nbsp;&nbsp; or something and you hid behind your caregivers&nbsp; caregivers back that's not uncommon for young&nbsp;&nbsp; children to do as adults we can go into you&nbsp; know the grocery store or wherever and we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; feel scared because we're surrounded by strangers&nbsp; anymore it's partly because we've interacted with&nbsp;&nbsp; strangers a lot over the years we've with our&nbsp; caregivers and then independently and no bad&nbsp;&nbsp; things have happened but it's also partly because&nbsp; we're different now we are not that you know weak&nbsp;&nbsp; little easily overpowered six-year-old we are a&nbsp; you know strong independent 26 56 year old and&nbsp;&nbsp; that context is really important what&nbsp; was legitimately terrifying as a child&nbsp;&nbsp; may not be terrifying now because we have other&nbsp; response options we're not completely dependent&nbsp;&nbsp; for children seeing their&nbsp; parents fight can be terrifying&nbsp;&nbsp; because you know they depend on those people&nbsp; for their for their existence as adults&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing our parents fight is not pleasant no&nbsp; doubt however as adults we can say you know&nbsp;&nbsp; what not going to be a part of this and leave the&nbsp; situation we are able we have other responses now&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help us feel safe we can remove&nbsp; ourselves from unpleasant or dangerous situations contextualists emphasize the fact that we must&nbsp; focus on changeable variables in the context to&nbsp;&nbsp; help the person better predict and influence their&nbsp; thoughts about the situation is this scary is this&nbsp;&nbsp; is this terrifying is this or is this a&nbsp; good thing and help influence our feelings&nbsp;&nbsp; if we're telling ourselves it's going to&nbsp; be scary then we're going to feel scared&nbsp;&nbsp; if we're telling ourselves it's no big deal&nbsp; then we're going to have a sense of calm&nbsp;&nbsp; and our behaviors you know cognitive behavioral&nbsp; therapy thoughts feelings and behaviors all&nbsp;&nbsp; interact and our behaviors will follow suit&nbsp; if we think it's scary and we feel afraid&nbsp;&nbsp; our behaviors are going to be different&nbsp; than if we think it's no big deal&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're calm it's important to recognize that&nbsp; so contextualists say all right you have a schema&nbsp;&nbsp; you have a memory you have an expectation of this&nbsp; situation based on your prior experiences tell&nbsp;&nbsp; me about that let's let's explore what words and&nbsp; pictures that you're using and then let's compare&nbsp;&nbsp; that to this situation and in other videos i've&nbsp; talked about evaluating the facts of the situation&nbsp;&nbsp; in context the facts for and against your beliefs&nbsp; your thoughts your feelings in this situation&nbsp;&nbsp; in this context yes last year 10 years ago or&nbsp; even now in a completely different situation&nbsp;&nbsp; it may be terrifying but in this situation&nbsp; an example we'll go go with strangers again&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're with strangers at the grocery store&nbsp; it's like no big deal if all of a sudden you're&nbsp;&nbsp; in your living room and a stranger shows up well&nbsp; that's kind of terrifying or snakes if you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know much about snakes and you're out walking&nbsp; through the woods and the snake comes along&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be a little anxiety provoking you're like&nbsp; oh don't know if that's poisonous or not however&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are interacting with your friend's pet&nbsp; snake that's a completely different context you&nbsp;&nbsp; know that animal is safe so there are or at least&nbsp; not non-poisonous so the context is very different&nbsp;&nbsp; you're still talking about a snake but the&nbsp; context is different and that can also help you&nbsp;&nbsp; reframe it so you're not afraid&nbsp; of all snakes everywhere you are cautious of snakes that you don't&nbsp; know whether they're poisonous or not acceptance and commitment therapy can be used&nbsp; with a wide range of clinical populations&nbsp;&nbsp; it is not manualized which allows the therapist&nbsp; to create and individualize their own mindfulness&nbsp;&nbsp; mindfulness techniques or even co-create&nbsp; them with clients so there are a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; different techniques clinicians can&nbsp; use to help people become more aware&nbsp;&nbsp; of their thoughts feelings and behaviors in the&nbsp; present moment more aware of their schema that&nbsp;&nbsp; influence their thoughts feelings and behaviors&nbsp; in the present moment and ways to address them symptom reduction is not a goal of act&nbsp; and you may be sitting there going wait&nbsp;&nbsp; if i'm going to a therapist i want to get rid of&nbsp; my symptoms i don't want to feel this way anymore&nbsp;&nbsp; in act the belief is that attempting to get rid&nbsp; of your symptoms actually creates more distress&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety anger depression pain even those are&nbsp; feelings physical or emotional feelings that&nbsp;&nbsp; we have for a reason our body is trying to tell us&nbsp; something and they're going to happen occasionally&nbsp;&nbsp; so instead of fighting with them and trying to get&nbsp; rid of them and never have them act says all right&nbsp;&nbsp; let's form a relationship let's figure out how&nbsp; to live a happy life and know that these things&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to pop up sometimes i lived in florida&nbsp; for many many years and i can't make hurricanes&nbsp;&nbsp; go away you know i can't control that i can't&nbsp; get rid of hurricanes which i would love to do&nbsp;&nbsp; but i can't so i if i wanted to live in florida&nbsp; i had to learn how to live with the hurricanes&nbsp;&nbsp; you know getting storm shutters for the house&nbsp; and making sure that i had a hurricane supply of&nbsp;&nbsp; water and candles and all that kind of stuff&nbsp; learning to live with it so when the hurricane&nbsp;&nbsp; came which was going to be inevitable i was able&nbsp; to tolerate the situation until it went away&nbsp;&nbsp; the other option was to move somewhere else so&nbsp; you know in tennessee we don't have hurricanes&nbsp;&nbsp; but that doesn't solve all my problems because&nbsp; guess what in tennessee we have tornadoes there's&nbsp;&nbsp; always something that you're going to have&nbsp; to deal with that's out of your control so&nbsp;&nbsp; living learning to live in harmony&nbsp; with your body with your environment is&nbsp;&nbsp; the goal of act so in act they believe that&nbsp; private experience is labeled a symptom so what we&nbsp;&nbsp; feel whether it's physical pain or emotional&nbsp; distress this is labeled a symptom and we&nbsp;&nbsp; struggle with that i don't want to feel&nbsp; this way anymore i want to get rid of it&nbsp;&nbsp; a symptom is by definition something pathological&nbsp; and we want to reframe our concept of symptoms&nbsp;&nbsp; remember i said our feelings are our body's&nbsp; way of telling us something anger and anxiety&nbsp;&nbsp; are our bodies smoke alarm&nbsp; that's our fight-or-flight system&nbsp;&nbsp; saying hey i'm gonna dump a whole bunch of energy&nbsp; for you because based on my prior experiences&nbsp;&nbsp; i think that there might be here are all&nbsp; those hedges there i think that there might be&nbsp;&nbsp; a threat so i'm going to give you a bunch&nbsp; of energy so you can get up off the couch&nbsp;&nbsp; and figure out if there's a problem if there&nbsp; is you'll have plenty of energy to deal with it&nbsp;&nbsp; if there's not then you can pack up the energy&nbsp; and save it for some other time so think about&nbsp;&nbsp; smoke alarms when the smoke alarm goes off does it&nbsp; always mean there's a fire and if you live in my&nbsp;&nbsp; house you know the answer is no it could be that&nbsp; something dropped on the stove and is smoking it's&nbsp;&nbsp; nowhere near combusting it's just causing a lot&nbsp; of of smoke however the smoke alarm will go off&nbsp;&nbsp; the smoke alarm's stupid our brain is kind of&nbsp; stupid sometimes it says just based on what i&nbsp;&nbsp; know there might be a threat so the smoke alarm&nbsp; goes off and gives me energy to get up and go look&nbsp;&nbsp; and say okay where's the smoke coming from and&nbsp; is there a problem what do i need to do about it in act the aim is to transform people's&nbsp; relationships with their unpleasant thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; and feelings learning to perceive them as harmless&nbsp; even if uncomfortable but transient events&nbsp;&nbsp; when you pull a muscle in your back it hurts&nbsp; it's uncomfortable however we know that&nbsp;&nbsp; that will heal over time if we you know take&nbsp; care of it we don't just stop our life right&nbsp;&nbsp; then and go oh i've got a pulled muscle&nbsp; can't do anything can't live can't exist&nbsp;&nbsp; well that's kind of silly you're gonna lose four&nbsp; six eight weeks that you could be experiencing&nbsp;&nbsp; a rich and meaningful life if you just stop&nbsp; everything because you've got a pain in your&nbsp;&nbsp; lower back what do you do you learn to live&nbsp; with it you say okay my back hurts so maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; i can't play tennis and maybe i can't pick up my&nbsp; grandkids or play with the dogs in the same way&nbsp;&nbsp; but i there are other ways i can interact with my&nbsp; grandchildren there are other things i can do for&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise like swimming that are not going to hurt&nbsp; my back so those things that are important in my&nbsp;&nbsp; rich and meaningful life i can still use my energy&nbsp; i can still experience a lot of the things that&nbsp;&nbsp; are important to me even if i've got this pain&nbsp; here i can have happiness i can enjoy life even if&nbsp;&nbsp; i've got this occasional pain we want to&nbsp; help people a step we want to establish a&nbsp;&nbsp; partnership with them to help them regain control&nbsp; of their life not just to control their thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; and feelings remember we're not trying to get&nbsp; rid of them we're not trying to control them&nbsp;&nbsp; we're trying to learn how to live with them&nbsp; how do we live in harmony with these things act states that normal psychological processes are&nbsp; often destructive and create suffering sooner or&nbsp;&nbsp; later unfortunately our brain in its attempt to&nbsp; keep us safe gives more weight or what they call&nbsp;&nbsp; emotional salience to threats to negative events&nbsp; because it says oh you don't want to do that again&nbsp;&nbsp; and the analogy i usually make is if&nbsp; you're walking down a path in the woods&nbsp;&nbsp; and you accidentally step on a water moccasin&nbsp; because you didn't notice it that's a problem&nbsp;&nbsp; if you accidentally run into a bunny i won't&nbsp; say step on it because that makes me sad but&nbsp;&nbsp; if you accidentally run into a bunny that's sad&nbsp; but it won't kill you so your brain when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; walking through the forest is often more attuned&nbsp; looking for the stumps that you're going to trip&nbsp;&nbsp; over looking for the the snakes that could um&nbsp; bite you if you stepped on them or what have you&nbsp;&nbsp; and because it's putting so much energy there they&nbsp; estimate five times more energy to noticing the&nbsp;&nbsp; threats it's not noticing a lot of the good&nbsp; things a lot of the positive things in life&nbsp;&nbsp; so that normal psychological process that&nbsp; normal process of our brain saying hey i&nbsp;&nbsp; want to protect you actually create schema&nbsp; that say ooh be walking through the forest&nbsp;&nbsp; going hiking is kind of stressful and scary&nbsp; instead of being aware of the entire experience memories perceptions and schema&nbsp; are created when we analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; a situation we say okay i'm walking through the&nbsp; woods i'm analyzing this this is similar to when i&nbsp;&nbsp; went camping with my family when i&nbsp; was a child okay so we're analyzing&nbsp;&nbsp; this situation comparing it to past&nbsp; situations that we know have experienced&nbsp;&nbsp; we're remembering what happened what we felt what&nbsp; was dangerous maybe what was good we're evaluating&nbsp;&nbsp; the situation and planning on how to react all of&nbsp; those things rely on language so if we're using&nbsp;&nbsp; images and language that focuses on those natural&nbsp; processes of okay these are all the dangers that&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to be aware of it can cause us a lot of&nbsp; anxiety we also tend to use person personification&nbsp;&nbsp; or personalized language when we describe things&nbsp; and it's much harder to get rid of something&nbsp;&nbsp; we are something that's part of us than it is to&nbsp; get rid of a thought or a feeling in act uh hayes&nbsp;&nbsp; makes a big point of highlighting the difference&nbsp; between saying i am stupid versus ha saying i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; having the thought that i'm stupid when i say i&nbsp; am stupid it feels like it's part of me and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; inextricable i'm having the thought well i can&nbsp; change my thoughts heck i forget what i wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; from the kitchen by the time i get there half&nbsp; the time or i cannot go on versus i'm having the&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling that i cannot go on i cannot go on as&nbsp; is a definite statement it that's what it is&nbsp;&nbsp; i am having the feeling that i can't go&nbsp; on feelings can change thoughts can change&nbsp;&nbsp; act asserts that human language naturally&nbsp; creates psychological suffering by setting&nbsp;&nbsp; us up for struggle with our thoughts feelings&nbsp; through experiential avoidance so we have a&nbsp;&nbsp; problem there's something we don't want to&nbsp; feel depression to feel pain whatever it is&nbsp;&nbsp; our solution is to figure out how to get rid of it&nbsp; or avoid it completely now we see this sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; in relationships when people who have been hurt&nbsp; before just don't want to get in relationships or&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to commit to relationships or be&nbsp; vulnerable in relationships because their&nbsp;&nbsp; thought is well i can avoid the pain by just not&nbsp; going there however you know how does that impact&nbsp;&nbsp; their rich and meaningful life how does that&nbsp; impact their quality of life if they're afraid&nbsp;&nbsp; and avoiding connecting with anybody the more time&nbsp; and energy we spend trying to avoid or get rid of&nbsp;&nbsp; unwanted experiences the more we are likely to&nbsp; suffer what hayes refers to is emotional quicksand&nbsp;&nbsp; and in quicksand when you step in it the more you&nbsp; struggle the deeper you sink and you just spend&nbsp;&nbsp; and the deeper you sink the more energy you've got&nbsp; to spend to struggle because you're more of you&nbsp;&nbsp; is encased in the quicksand and it's important to&nbsp; recognize this when we feel depressed for example&nbsp;&nbsp; okay you feel depressed now you can be curious&nbsp; about that acknowledge it and we'll talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; ways to work with it in a minute or you can get&nbsp; angry about the fact that oh crap i feel depressed&nbsp;&nbsp; again you can feel guilty i'm depressed i'm not&nbsp; gonna have the energy to do the things that i&nbsp;&nbsp; really want to do with my kids you can be anxious&nbsp; i wonder how long this depression is going to last&nbsp;&nbsp; and if people are going to abandon&nbsp; me because i can't do the things that&nbsp;&nbsp; it can oh my gosh it's exhausting&nbsp; even thinking about all of the&nbsp;&nbsp; additional emotions that people can ramp up to&nbsp; when when they have an unpleasant experience&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it's physical pain or emotional pain the&nbsp; act interventions focus around two main processes&nbsp;&nbsp; developing acceptance of the unwanted&nbsp; experience which is out of personal control&nbsp;&nbsp; so i'm accepting the fact that okay i'm depressed&nbsp; or i'm accepting the fact that all right&nbsp;&nbsp; i pulled a muscle there's nothing i can do about&nbsp; that now the muscle already done been pulled&nbsp;&nbsp; i can try not to do it in the future but right&nbsp; now it is what it is once we accept that unwanted&nbsp;&nbsp; experience and recognize that yeah it's unpleasant&nbsp; it sucks however it's not going to last forever&nbsp;&nbsp; we can also make committed action to using&nbsp; the rest of our energy instead of getting&nbsp;&nbsp; all upset about being in pain we make a&nbsp; decision to use the rest of our energy&nbsp;&nbsp; to enhance or to nurture all of the other&nbsp; things in our life that are important to us the goal of act is to create what i often refer to&nbsp; as a rich and meaningful life while accepting that&nbsp;&nbsp; pain inevitably goes with it what is a rich and&nbsp; meaningful life well that depends on every person&nbsp;&nbsp; each person needs to say okay thinking about&nbsp; having a rich and meaningful life if i had&nbsp;&nbsp; one right now who's important in it you know&nbsp; which friends which mentors which family members&nbsp;&nbsp; and yourself obviously what is important to me&nbsp; what things and experiences are important to me&nbsp;&nbsp; and it could be your pets it could be your house&nbsp; it could be your car whatever it is you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a list of all those things that are&nbsp; important to you and the experiences maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; traveling is really important to you having a&nbsp; rich and meaningful life that's something that&nbsp;&nbsp; is really um important okay put it on the list&nbsp; so those are things that are important to you&nbsp;&nbsp; and those are things that you're going to&nbsp; use energy to work toward or to nurture&nbsp;&nbsp; values is the final thing identifying what&nbsp; values are important to you and i often ask&nbsp;&nbsp; people if you want somebody to describe you using&nbsp; three words what three words do you want people&nbsp;&nbsp; to think of when they describe you and&nbsp; that helps people narrow down their&nbsp;&nbsp; values a little bit so it can be like&nbsp; compassionate intelligent dedicated loyal whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; some people have five values but no more than&nbsp; five because it's too hard to remember all of them act as a therapy that involves being fully present&nbsp; and engaged or mindful and then choosing to act&nbsp;&nbsp; purposefully based on your values and&nbsp; desires for a rich and meaningful life six core principles of act help clients develop&nbsp; psychological flexibility and those six core&nbsp;&nbsp; principles are contact with the present moment or&nbsp; being mindful what are my thoughts feelings and&nbsp;&nbsp; behaviors in this context at this time diffusion&nbsp; which means not being fused with your thoughts and&nbsp;&nbsp; feelings being able to say i'm having the thought&nbsp; i'm having the feeling i'm having the experience&nbsp;&nbsp; acceptance of those thoughts feelings and&nbsp; experiences it is what it is the observing&nbsp;&nbsp; self and this is one we haven't talked about much&nbsp; yet and we will but the observing self is kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like the fly on the wall or if you want to think&nbsp; of it as a scientist or an artificial intelligent&nbsp;&nbsp; artificially intelligent being that&nbsp; takes data in the mindfulness data&nbsp;&nbsp; it takes in the information about your rich and&nbsp; meaningful life it takes in and then it identifies&nbsp;&nbsp; the options you know how can we respond what's&nbsp; the in this situation and which one will help&nbsp;&nbsp; us get closer use our energy most efficiently&nbsp; to get towards our rich and meaningful life and then we make a committed action so what&nbsp; is mindfulness and i have a lot of videos on&nbsp;&nbsp; the youtube channel about mindfulness so i'm not&nbsp; going to spend a whole lot of time going into it&nbsp;&nbsp; but basically mindfulness is consciously&nbsp; bringing awareness to your present experience&nbsp;&nbsp; with openness interest and receptiveness&nbsp; sometimes referred to as being non-judgmental&nbsp;&nbsp; it is what it is and a lot of you coil at that&nbsp; statement partly my experience has been partly&nbsp;&nbsp; when people hear that it triggers a feeling of&nbsp; powerlessness in them and they don't like that&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why they recoil at it and they're like oh&nbsp; i don't like that feeling that makes me angry okay&nbsp;&nbsp; well you feel angry when i say it is what it is so&nbsp; let's notice that non-judgmentally and explore why&nbsp;&nbsp; facets to mindfulness is an awareness of the&nbsp; present moment what's going on with you right now&nbsp;&nbsp; engaging fully in what you're doing&nbsp; rather than getting lost in your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; if you drove to work today or even once you woke&nbsp; up did you mindfully think okay i'm gonna get up&nbsp;&nbsp; and then think about every step you took or as&nbsp; soon as your alarm went off this morning did&nbsp;&nbsp; you kind of kick into autopilot and you did the&nbsp; same thing that you do every morning and really&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't think twice about it i think most of us&nbsp; go into autopilot mode and act encourages us&nbsp;&nbsp; to not do that to stop when we get up in the&nbsp; morning be mindful you know do a survey say what&nbsp;&nbsp; am i thinking feeling needing right now all right&nbsp; what can i do to meet those needs right now okay&nbsp;&nbsp; but being consciously aware of what we're doing&nbsp; instead of just doing it because it is important&nbsp;&nbsp; and allowing your feelings to be as they are&nbsp; rather than trying to control them in mindfulness&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't try to make our depression or our anxiety&nbsp; or our anger go away we just notice that that's&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're feeling right now and that's fine&nbsp; it's what we're feeling in dialectical behavior&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy which is another kind of cognitive&nbsp; behavioral therapy linehan often talks about radical acceptance of what's going on and it's&nbsp; really important to recognize how we're feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; and instead of trying to control our feelings&nbsp; being curious about what's going on what's causing&nbsp;&nbsp; them because change is constant what we feel&nbsp; right now we don't have to feel in the next moment&nbsp;&nbsp; every moment is an opportunity to do start&nbsp; over again if we're feeling angry right now&nbsp;&nbsp; okay what can i do in the next moment to improve&nbsp; how i'm feeling how can i improve the next moment&nbsp;&nbsp; now it is important for people to recognize that&nbsp; mindfulness does not require meditation meditation&nbsp;&nbsp; often involves mindfulness but mindfulness you&nbsp; can do on the fly you can do when you're driving&nbsp;&nbsp; you can notice the cars around you hopefully&nbsp; you can notice the birds on the power line&nbsp;&nbsp; and the color of the trees as the flowers come&nbsp; out in spring or the leaves change in the fall&nbsp;&nbsp; that's being mindful instead of being&nbsp; lost in your thoughts as you drive to work mindfulness skills are divided into four subsets&nbsp; contact with the present moment being aware of&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going on what do i what are five&nbsp; things that i see four things that i hear&nbsp;&nbsp; three things that i smell two things that i feel&nbsp; for example you know being aware of what's going&nbsp;&nbsp; on right now acceptance of that experience&nbsp; you know what i may notice that it's raining&nbsp;&nbsp; that's one thing i see well i just washed my car&nbsp; gosh darn it i really don't want it to rain well&nbsp;&nbsp; getting angry about it ain't going to do me&nbsp; any good so acceptance i notice it's raining&nbsp;&nbsp; all right it's raining what do i do now cognitive&nbsp; diffusion i'm angry that it's raining because&nbsp;&nbsp; i just washed my car okay i'm having the&nbsp; feeling that i'm angry that it's raining&nbsp;&nbsp; because i just washed my car is this a feeling&nbsp; that i want to hold on to is this a feeling i need&nbsp;&nbsp; to do something with or is this one i can just&nbsp; let go into the universe and the observing self&nbsp;&nbsp; which kind of coordinates this stuff and helps&nbsp; us decide uh notice what's going on right now and&nbsp;&nbsp; based on our definition of a rich and meaningful&nbsp; life helps us decide on a course of action contact with the present moment can involve a lot&nbsp; of different things and remember i said in act&nbsp;&nbsp; hayes is is not manu manualized so hayes is&nbsp; allowing therapists and individuals to develop&nbsp;&nbsp; their own mindfulness activities what we're doing&nbsp; is just basically encouraging people to check in&nbsp;&nbsp; with themselves how do i feel what am i thinking&nbsp; what physical sensations am i experiencing&nbsp;&nbsp; or describe the environment you know what&nbsp; do i smell what are the temperature colors&nbsp;&nbsp; objects what have you or even just a simple&nbsp; statement i see hear and smell these three&nbsp;&nbsp; things and it reminds me of you know i can&nbsp; walk into a house and i smell pine salt and&nbsp;&nbsp; it reminds me of my grandmother contact with&nbsp; the present moment i'm noticing something&nbsp;&nbsp; and i'm noticing that hey it triggers a feeling&nbsp; in me kind of a warm fuzzy feeling curious i&nbsp;&nbsp; wonder what that's about oh it's reminding&nbsp; me of when i would go to my grandma's house&nbsp;&nbsp; those simple little things can help us be&nbsp; more mindful and aware not only of things&nbsp;&nbsp; that trigger our distress but also things that&nbsp; can trigger our happiness and we want to add&nbsp;&nbsp; those things in i know when i see a chickadee or&nbsp; a carolina wren it makes me happy it reminds me&nbsp;&nbsp; of when my children were young and it reminds&nbsp; me of bird watching with my mother so those&nbsp;&nbsp; things i try to incorporate more into my life&nbsp; because i know that they increased my happiness now uniquely to act the person's agenda of&nbsp; emotional control initially in the early sessions&nbsp;&nbsp; is respectfully undermined we ask people to&nbsp; identify how they've tried to get rid of or&nbsp;&nbsp; avoid their unwanted experience and hayes calls&nbsp; this creative hopelessness what they were doing&nbsp;&nbsp; they were using their creativity to try to survive&nbsp; you know they were doing the best they could with&nbsp;&nbsp; the tools they had but it didn't work and that's&nbsp; the hopelessness part so then we say all right&nbsp;&nbsp; you've tried a bunch of things and they&nbsp; haven't worked so are you willing to consider&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe an alternate approach and a lot of times&nbsp; by the time people are in counseling they are&nbsp;&nbsp; when people are asked to assess&nbsp; how they've tried to get rid of&nbsp;&nbsp; their distress we asked them did this&nbsp; reduce your symptoms in the long term&nbsp;&nbsp; drinking alcohol for example for&nbsp; some people makes their distress&nbsp;&nbsp; go away in the short term but in the long term no&nbsp; as soon as they sober up the problem's still there&nbsp;&nbsp; moving like i mentioned before living in florida&nbsp; you know we had the hurricanes well you know&nbsp;&nbsp; hurricanes are stressful moved to tennessee&nbsp; that's not why we moved but moved to tennessee&nbsp;&nbsp; and you know if i expected not to be&nbsp; to have that same problem i would be&nbsp;&nbsp; very disappointed because in tennessee&nbsp; we have tornadoes so in the long term&nbsp;&nbsp; moving away from florida to get away from&nbsp; natural disaster really didn't help me&nbsp;&nbsp; it is better to learn how to live with it work&nbsp; in harmony with it we also want to ask people&nbsp;&nbsp; what did this strategy cost you in terms of&nbsp; time energy health vitality and relationships when we confront their agenda we want&nbsp; to help them recognize that control&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to control these things many of which&nbsp; are out of your control control is the problem&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not the solution trying to control&nbsp; your depression or control the the weather clean discomfort is when emotions and reactions&nbsp; are accepted and it leads to a natural level of&nbsp;&nbsp; physical and emotional discomfort so instead&nbsp; of trying to control it and make it go away&nbsp;&nbsp; we notice it and we say all right this&nbsp; is how i'm feeling right now this is&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going on dirty discomfort is when you&nbsp; start struggling with it your struggle switch&nbsp;&nbsp; is turned on and discomfort increases rapidly it's&nbsp; kind of like an emotional amplifier and if you've&nbsp;&nbsp; had anxiety or depression before you know how it&nbsp; very quickly can spiral because you start feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; frustrated and angry and overwhelmed at because&nbsp; of the fact that you feel anxious right now once we help people recognize that&nbsp; trying to avoid it never experience it&nbsp;&nbsp; or get rid of it immediately once it's there&nbsp; you know i just want i want to make it go away&nbsp;&nbsp; that doesn't work so we need to learn what are&nbsp; some steps that might be helpful to improve the&nbsp;&nbsp; next moment learning to perceive thoughts images&nbsp; and memories as bits of language and pictures&nbsp;&nbsp; as opposed to what they can appear to be which is&nbsp; threatening events or objective truths this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; way it is and will always be not necessarily&nbsp; cognitive diffusion means stepping back&nbsp;&nbsp; and recognizing that thoughts and feelings are&nbsp; just transient or passing subjective events&nbsp;&nbsp; it's how we interpret the situation but it doesn't&nbsp; have to stay that way we don't have to stay angry&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just a transient event because of something&nbsp; and that's where we need to get curious one exercise that hayes uses&nbsp; in teaching cognitive diffusion&nbsp;&nbsp; is to think of a negative self-judgment&nbsp; that takes the form of i am x such as i&nbsp;&nbsp; am stupid think about it believe it as much as&nbsp; you can and notice how it affects you i mean if&nbsp;&nbsp; you continue to tell yourself i am stupid&nbsp; that eventually wears on your self-esteem&nbsp;&nbsp; now insert the phrase i'm having the thought that&nbsp; i'm having the thought that i'm stupid and you may&nbsp;&nbsp; say well that's a stupid thought but a thought&nbsp; is something out here and i encourage people to&nbsp;&nbsp; envision thoughts and feelings as something&nbsp; they can hold it's not part of who you are&nbsp;&nbsp; it's something you have now do you choose&nbsp; to keep it give it away or let it go most people when they start inserting the&nbsp; phrase i'm having the thought that i am x&nbsp;&nbsp; that it relieves a lot of their discomfort it's&nbsp; like okay it's not something i have to do having a&nbsp;&nbsp; thought does not have to lead to an action another&nbsp; example is for people who are smokers for example&nbsp;&nbsp; having the thought that i have to have a cigarette&nbsp; okay well that seems to be a pretty definitive&nbsp;&nbsp; truth but is it what happens if you insert the&nbsp; phrase i'm having the thought that i have to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a cigarette are you beholden are you controlled&nbsp; by your thoughts or can you change your thoughts there are a variety of diffusion&nbsp; techniques you can treat the mind&nbsp;&nbsp; treat those thoughts and feelings as&nbsp; external events or separate entities&nbsp;&nbsp; like i said i usually envision like a word&nbsp; cloud or a bubble that people can hold&nbsp;&nbsp; you can have people remember that thoughts are&nbsp; not causes is it possible to think a thought&nbsp;&nbsp; and do something different&nbsp; i have to have a cigarette&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm having the thought that i have to have a&nbsp; cigarette well do you have to obey that thought&nbsp;&nbsp; does do your thoughts control you or&nbsp; you know are you able to make choices&nbsp;&nbsp; who's in charge here treating thoughts as bullies&nbsp; and this is really helpful for people who have&nbsp;&nbsp; a really loud negative inner critic that is&nbsp; saying you suck you you're the worst person&nbsp;&nbsp; you're never going to succeed who's in charge&nbsp; here you know stop being a bully i get to make&nbsp;&nbsp; the decision about what's right for me i get&nbsp; to make the comments about who or what i am&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts are not causes thoughts are&nbsp; not truths thoughts are just words sometimes you're gonna have an experience&nbsp; like anxiety or depression and you're gonna&nbsp;&nbsp; notice that hey you know it is right on you know&nbsp; you're getting ready to go into surgery and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling anxious and you say well i'm having the&nbsp; thought that i'm or i'm having the feeling that&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm anxious about going into surgery all right&nbsp; well that's a legit reason to have some anxiety so&nbsp;&nbsp; now what now what do i do with that anxiety&nbsp; because just sitting there stewing in anxiety&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't change the situation if anything&nbsp; it amplifies your anxiety because you start&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about all of the different things that&nbsp; you could be anxious about or that could go wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; so what do you do with that anxiety how&nbsp; do you deal with that feeling in order to&nbsp;&nbsp; accept that hey it's natural to feel&nbsp; anxious before going into surgery acceptance means making room for unpleasant&nbsp; feelings sensations urges and other experiences&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing them to come and go without struggling&nbsp; with them running from them or giving them undue&nbsp;&nbsp; attention when i feel angry for example okay i&nbsp; notice it i'm not going to immediately evict it&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's there for a reason it's there&nbsp; because my brain is telling me hey just fyi&nbsp;&nbsp; there might be a threat out there that you need&nbsp; to check so i notice it i get curious about i&nbsp;&nbsp; wonder why i'm angry about this and then i&nbsp; can decide so for example on social media&nbsp;&nbsp; if somebody starts you know being a bully&nbsp; on social media it can make people angry&nbsp;&nbsp; and you know they're being trolls i guess&nbsp; is the term that they use now and part of&nbsp;&nbsp; you may get angry and want to respond you know&nbsp; and really feed the troll as they say because&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel threatened because they took your&nbsp; personal power you couldn't respond to them&nbsp;&nbsp; right away and they made you feel vulnerable and&nbsp; you get angry about that okay noticing your anger&nbsp;&nbsp; being curious okay why is it that when this person&nbsp; was being a troll it made me angry okay i can see&nbsp;&nbsp; why that would happen and then that observing self&nbsp; says okay based on your values and all the things&nbsp;&nbsp; that are important in life is using your energy&nbsp; to feed this troll and get into a back and forth&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're probably never going to win is that&nbsp; a good use of your energy and the answer is no&nbsp;&nbsp; and and my husband and my son repeatedly remind me&nbsp; don't feed the trolls because you're never going&nbsp;&nbsp; to win that fight so acceptance means accepting&nbsp; that i'm angry i don't like what that person did&nbsp;&nbsp; however what are my options to deal with this&nbsp; situation now and you can block them you can&nbsp;&nbsp; delete the comment there are a lot of alternate&nbsp; responses besides trying to engage that person&nbsp;&nbsp; and and win the argument so to speak remember&nbsp; that thoughts and feelings don't have to lead&nbsp;&nbsp; to action just because i'm angry and i want&nbsp; that person to apologize or something doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; mean that i have to try to do it because again&nbsp; ultimately that's going to be a losing battle identify the problem instead of getting&nbsp; distracted by battling with the inner experience&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of battling with well i shouldn't get&nbsp; angry over this it's kind of silly identify the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem well this happened it made me feel out of&nbsp; control or vulnerable i don't like that how can&nbsp;&nbsp; i deal with this problem so it doesn't happen as&nbsp; much in the future instead of focusing on trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to tell myself well i need to just let it go and&nbsp; quit being angry explore the effects of avoidance&nbsp;&nbsp; if you try to avoid getting in situations&nbsp; when you're that will trigger distress&nbsp;&nbsp; how does that keep you isolated and hemmed&nbsp; in you know life can be risky living a rich&nbsp;&nbsp; and meaningful life means occasionally being&nbsp; vulnerable so if you avoid any potential for&nbsp;&nbsp; distress how is that going to affect you identify&nbsp; the barriers toward heading in the direction&nbsp;&nbsp; of your goals what's keeping you from nurturing&nbsp; this relationship with your child a lot of us get&nbsp;&nbsp; over focused if you will on work for example and&nbsp; we put a lot of our energy into work because it's&nbsp;&nbsp; something that's important to us it's something&nbsp; that we love but we fail to step back and notice&nbsp;&nbsp; and devote attention to the other things that&nbsp; are important in our rich and meaningful life&nbsp;&nbsp; so maybe one of the things that's preventing you&nbsp; from having the relationship with somebody that&nbsp;&nbsp; you want is the fact that you don't devote&nbsp; any time to them you're devoting all of your&nbsp;&nbsp; time and energy to work okay well that's&nbsp; a barrier so how are you going to fix that&nbsp;&nbsp; the serenity prayer encourages people to have the&nbsp; serenity to accept the things they cannot change&nbsp;&nbsp; the courage to change the things they can and&nbsp; the wisdom to know the difference and that flows&nbsp;&nbsp; right in with acceptance and commitment therapy&nbsp; hayes encourages people to recognize you can't&nbsp;&nbsp; keep yourself from feeling a feeling however you&nbsp; can change the way you respond to that feeling we want to help people clarify their values and i&nbsp; talked about this earlier in terms of defining a&nbsp;&nbsp; rich and meaningful life what is most important&nbsp; deep in your heart what sort of person do you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to be what is significant and meaningful&nbsp; to you or what do you want to stand for in this&nbsp;&nbsp; life oftentimes a lack of values or confusion of&nbsp; of goals and values can underlie psychological&nbsp;&nbsp; inflexibility so maybe my value um&nbsp; you know i really value independence&nbsp;&nbsp; and being able to make choices and feel safe and&nbsp; empowered and that's a value of mine i can confuse&nbsp;&nbsp; that with the goal of um objective success and so&nbsp; i can focus all my energy on succeeding at work&nbsp;&nbsp; and the other resources in my life that may have&nbsp; helped me be independent um you know that can&nbsp;&nbsp; help me have that rich and meaningful life&nbsp; may drop away so we want to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; people are acting in concert with their values&nbsp; what is it what is the choice that you can make&nbsp;&nbsp; that most embodies the three or five&nbsp; characteristics that you want to be known for&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go back to the trolls for example you know&nbsp; um if you want to be known for being compassionate&nbsp;&nbsp; and intelligent and loyal okay great does&nbsp; fighting with the troll do anything to&nbsp;&nbsp; embody those values and the answer is no you&nbsp; know it doesn't trying to reason with them&nbsp;&nbsp; probably doesn't either because that's not why&nbsp; they're there so instead how can you take that&nbsp;&nbsp; energy and redirect it towards something that's&nbsp; important to you how can you show compassion&nbsp;&nbsp; um and loyalty to something that's important&nbsp; to you and use that energy proactively the fly on the wall is the consciousness that&nbsp; is changing ever-present and impervious to harm&nbsp;&nbsp; this consciousness or artificially intelligent&nbsp; being if you will observes what has been&nbsp;&nbsp; made known through mindfulness and with the&nbsp; awareness of the person's values gets curious&nbsp;&nbsp; and says okay this is what's going on this is&nbsp; what our experiences have told us until now&nbsp;&nbsp; this is what's important to the person or me&nbsp; so what is the best choice given all this data&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the best choice for&nbsp; how to use our energy right now the next step in the act process is committed&nbsp; action or choosing a direction and establishing&nbsp;&nbsp; a willingness you can choose and say okay i'm&nbsp; going to do this and then never do it so you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to choose and act purposefully take&nbsp; that energy and say okay this is what i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; doing right now and actually do it that can&nbsp; be assisted by identifying motivating values&nbsp;&nbsp; of those values of those things that you want&nbsp; to be known for how is this course of action&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've chosen embodying those values&nbsp; using your energy to help you embody those&nbsp;&nbsp; it's important to set goals guided by values&nbsp; and desires for a rich and meaningful life&nbsp;&nbsp; and regularly take effective action to achieve&nbsp; them some people like pie charts i tend to like&nbsp;&nbsp; things that are more linear but if you have&nbsp; a pie chart you only have so much time and&nbsp;&nbsp; energy in any given day week year to identify at&nbsp; least the top 10 things that are important to you&nbsp;&nbsp; and figure out how am i going to spend my&nbsp; energy so i'm nurturing all these things&nbsp;&nbsp; just like in a garden you can't just water the&nbsp; tomatoes and expect everything else to grow&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to water everything if you want&nbsp; it to grow and not wither away and die creating the action plan means identifying&nbsp;&nbsp; current behaviors feelings and&nbsp; thoughts that you engage in that may&nbsp;&nbsp; waste your energy drain your energy like sitting&nbsp; in your car stuck in the mud and just revving your&nbsp;&nbsp; engine all you're doing is burning your gas and&nbsp; digging deeper into the hole so what behaviors it&nbsp;&nbsp; can be avoiding through sleeping or drinking or&nbsp; it can be yelling and throwing a temper tantrum&nbsp;&nbsp; there are lots of behaviors that we often use in&nbsp; response to distress to try to make it go away&nbsp;&nbsp; what feelings and thoughts do you have that&nbsp; draw you away and that's where this dirty&nbsp;&nbsp; discomfort comes in feeling guilty about having&nbsp; a depressive episode well that is a feeling that&nbsp;&nbsp; is not helping you struggling with the depressive&nbsp; episode is not a purposeful use of your energy&nbsp;&nbsp; and then what toward behaviors can you engage in&nbsp; how can you use your energy on a day-to-day basis&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep moving towards those things that are&nbsp; important in your rich and meaningful life&nbsp;&nbsp; and when you're having an episode when you're in&nbsp; distress when you're feeling angry for example&nbsp;&nbsp; all right this is how i'm feeling&nbsp; right now what behaviors can i do&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help me improve the next&nbsp; moment to deal with this situation&nbsp;&nbsp; what feelings can i nurture like empowerment&nbsp; and confidence or and what thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; can i tell myself those distress tolerant thoughts&nbsp; that will help me get through this unpleasant&nbsp;&nbsp; but transient experience the goal of act is&nbsp; to create a rich and meaningful life accepting&nbsp;&nbsp; the pain that inevitably goes with it being&nbsp; aware and present in the moment is crucial&nbsp;&nbsp; destructive normality refers to the psychological&nbsp; processes that are often destructive and create&nbsp;&nbsp; suffering and actions that we use to avoid&nbsp; distress in the present moment so we want to&nbsp;&nbsp; help people recognize that the way we normally&nbsp; behave often digs us deeper into the ditch&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutic interventions include&nbsp; focusing on developing mindful awareness&nbsp;&nbsp; and acceptance of unwanted experiences&nbsp; which are out of personal control&nbsp;&nbsp; developing a vision of a rich and meaningful life&nbsp;&nbsp; and choosing committed and purposeful action to&nbsp; help us move toward that rich and meaningful life&nbsp;&nbsp; confronting the agenda is something that act&nbsp; therapists help people engage in in order to&nbsp;&nbsp; address or identify their sources of distress&nbsp; we explore their sources of distress prior&nbsp;&nbsp; attempts at removing the distress and the&nbsp; effect of those attempts in the long term and finally the six core principles of&nbsp; act remember our mindful contact with&nbsp;&nbsp; the present moment diffusion or separating&nbsp; ourself from feelings experiences and things&nbsp;&nbsp; acceptance of what is in the moment&nbsp; identification and living by our values&nbsp;&nbsp; using the observing uh fly-on-the-wall sort of&nbsp; perspective in order to objectively evaluate&nbsp;&nbsp; the situation and then choosing&nbsp; and engaging in purposeful action

  Top Comments:
  1. @lindahebb4832 [15 likes]: I listen to your videos a night for thirty minutes and in the morning. Sometimes I journal when I’m listening. I work as a shuttle driver at a homeless shelter. Sometimes my job is very rewarding and fuflling. Other times I feel overwhelmed. But I know these videos are helping me create coping skills and work towards my own rich and meaningful life. I appreciate your presence on YouTube. Thank you 🤗
  2. @ambrosehunter5164 [7 likes]: EA ; God grant me the serenity to accept the people I cannot change. 
The courage to change the one I can. 
And the wisdom to know that one is me. 
TATA FOR NOW Doc Snipes
  3. @PuntedKitten [4 likes]: Wow, this might be helpful to teach clients.  I'm 4 minutes in and this makes so much sense with how perception and relationships to people and reality can go wrong.  Trauma can create a schema that provokes intense fear, helplessness, abandonment, opposition, etc that become the template for strategies that solve short term problems, but if they go unchecked become long term issues.
  4. @GrandmothersGarden [3 likes]: Thank you for focusing on ACT! I combine it with ERP for OCD and anxiety. It was great to see it come up on your channel today.😊
  5. @georgelee6972 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for this! It would be really helpful if the slides were larger, and using a smaller video in the corner, this would make it easier to take pictures of the slides for notes / later use
  6. @GiraffesEatStuff [2 likes]: I feel so intensely uncomfortable and alone everytime I hear rich and meaningful life, especially in relation to most concepts mentioned. I won't really imagine anything in those terms for the next few years, but it's nice to try to remember it's a concept
  7. @kimberley9410 [1 likes]: I'm currently learning ACT and this video was invaluable. Thank you.
  8. @FREE_PALESTIINEE [1 likes]: Thank you for this wonderful explanation about ACT, I really benefited from it❤️❤️❤️
  9. @karaswanson5905 [1 likes]: These videos are seriously so helpful for me. Thank you for explaining so clearly and practically and your examples are perfect for me to understand!
  10. @lashanta3242 [1 likes]: Thanks Doc
  11. @JafhetFranco: Thanks so much, I just started my practice as a psychoterapist down here in mexico, and I really find these videos full of knowledge and well explained. Thank you, Doc  snipes!❤🇲🇽🫡
  12. @GIGI-lh2sr: very good explaining of ACT thank you!!!
  13. @cakesinthecity: I want to be you when I grow up!
  14. @ajmarr5671: Novel ACT Protocol from affective neuroscience

Procedure: Consistent and periodic alternation between a resting protocol (e.g. mindfulness) and the pursuit of meaningful behavior will increase motivation and positive affect (arousal and pleasure), and by making meaningful ideation more emotionally salient, will crowd out thoughts leading to anxiety and depression. This can also be denoted semantically by the conjunction of an indifference to but not avoidance of negative ideation (through the inhibition of discursive thought or ‘mind wandering’) in mindfulness with an awareness or ‘commitment’ to meaningful behavior and the values it represents, thus corresponding to ‘acceptance and commitment’ in psychotherapeutic procedure.

Explanation: Resting elicits opioid activity, or feels pleasurable, and meaningful behavior, as defined as behavior that has branching novel and positive outcomes (writing that great novel or just making the bed) elicits dopamine activity which causes arousal.  The awareness of subsequent meaningful behavior while engaging in relaxation protocols such as mindfulness elicits a ‘priming’ response, namely dopamine release that increases opioid activity, and vice versa, making meaningful behavior seem self-reinforcing or ‘autotelic’. with cognition less likely to transition to perseverative thought (worry, regret, distraction). Although mindfulness reduces discursive thought or mind wandering that can lead to negative ideation; it does not inhibit concurrent non-conscious awareness or anticipation of behavior or events subsequent to meditation that can in turn shape or ‘prime’ affective responses during a meditative session. 

A priming response, like the salivary response that precedes food or the sexual arousal that precedes intimacy, is a preparatory response that often occurs non-consciously, and changes the affective value or ‘feeling’ in the moment.  Similarly, relaxing due to ‘being in the moment’ is pleasurable, but if we were told to expect ‘bad’ news or ‘good’ news in the near future, just the awareness of future events is enough to depress or elevate our feelings, but not altering in the slightest our ‘mindful’ or relaxed state. It follows that if mindfulness is paired with the awareness of subsequent positive or meaningful behavior, then rest in mindfulness will have a greater affective tone or ‘feel better’ than if such a prospect was absent.  This is perhaps why ‘savoring’, ‘loving kindness’ meditation, and ‘flow’ experiences represent highly pleasurable and arousing experiences, as they make future positive ideation contingent to obvious or subtle pleasures (from relaxation, eating, drinking) and contrast with a lower level of pleasure during typical states of rest that generally precede a return to meaningless discursive thinking. It also explains the efficacy of popular psychotherapeutic interventions such as acceptance and commitment therapy, or ACT, that conjoins the awareness and pursuit of meaningful behavior with mindful or meditative states.
 
From ‘Galileo’s Lament and the Collapse of the Social Sciences’ a contrary and ornery take on psychology free and on the web
  15. @gregoryegan: This is a great video and very helpful in helping my clients, I email this to alot of clients as a extra resource.
  16. @ItsMeULuckee: Your mannerisms are so cute
  17. @im19ice3: the emotional quicksand was a very helpful concept for me, thank you for sharing it
  18. @g.ashwinshiva786: Thank you, love from India
  19. @UnderstandLyfe: Maybe it's just me but I stg it seems like you have all the answers to what I been searching to find. Definitely my She-Ro
  20. @sada-goddess7731: I appreciate you to the max for these tools and your practical solutions

- Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) for Trauma | Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Tools: Kind: captions Language: en this episode was pre-recorded as part of a live continuing education webinar on demand CEUs are still available for this presentation through all CEUs register at allceus.com/counselortoolbox you I'd like to welcome everybody to today's presentation on a CT or acceptance commitment therapy for trauma so if you have a foundation of acceptance and commitment therapy this class will be easy-peasy if you don't you don't want to jump in and just assume that by looking at this presentation you have the tools to actually implement acceptance and commitment therapy for trauma what I'm really hoping is to provide a couple of tools that give you some creative ways to think about trauma if you have the a CT background then provide a framework that you can start thinking about using a CT for trauma this is one of those classes that was requested and I in creating the presentation realize I clearly did not give it enough time this probably should be like a three-part series but it's not so we're gonna hit the highlights today at the beginning before class started I showed you a couple of different manuals and protocols that will expand on this if you want to learn more so we're gonna briefly define the components of a CT or act and I'm going to call it act from here on out explore how act differs from other approaches to trauma treatment and I found this really informative to really put it into perspective and we'll learn some techniques that can help people live a rich and meaningful life now many of these techniques can be used in addition to other protocols they can be used to standalone techniques that doesn't mean that you're employing the Act philosophy it just means you happen to be using an act technique just like if you're using distress tolerant skills that's more associated with a DBT technique it doesn't necessarily mean II mean you're doing DBT so why acceptance and commitment therapy one of the primary activities of this protocol is to begin to Phil facilitate in vivo exposure to avoided activities to increase psychological flexibility in the presence of painful and anxious internal experiences so that engagement is in engagement in valued activities can be re-established so people are living in the and and we're going to talk about living in the end a lot so what does that mean that's that's kind of the quote that we're going to be going from is to help people start being able to go out there and expose themselves to those situations that may be a little bit anxiety provoking so that they can have a rich and meaningful life so they're not imprison by their fears so they're not constricted in what they do and where they go by their fears so they're living in the and and we're gonna talk about this more but it basically means they're saying I'm instead of saying I'm scared but I can't do this or I'm scared so I can't do this they're starting to say I'm scared and I can still do this from an act perspective the goal of exposure is not to experience necessarily anxiety reduction its to be with that emotion ago okay this is here however and I can live a rich and meaningful life anyway think about somebody who has a chronic pain issue they may not be able to get that chronic pain to go away does that mean they can't have a rich and meaningful life no it means that they've got that chronic pain and they're going to figure out how to live in their mind a rich and meaningful life with that new reality of having that pain with them all approaches offer the opportunity for people to develop a more helpful relationship with thoughts feelings sensations and behaviors related to trauma so we're not knocking any approach different approaches will work for different clients will work for different therapists so that's cool but let's talk about some of the main differences that we're looking at cognitive behavioral therapy the one we're usually most familiar with helps us help clients challenge thoughts to impact their feelings and behaviors so we talked about evidence for and against their thought we talked about whether they're using factual or emotional reasoning we talk about whether they're confusing high probability with low probability there's a lot of other things that we talk about to help them address those unhelpful or irrational thoughts exposure therapy desensitization stress inoculation I'm just kind of going to glump it together helps people decondition stimuli so when they're exposed to it it doesn't bring out that fear reaction as much the classic exposure when you think of spiders you know people who are afraid of spiders now you can have full exposure therapy where they just go in and they're surrounded by spiders crawling on the wall but most people use more of a systematic desensitization approach where they learn to think about a spider and develop coping skills to calm their physiological reactions and then they move on to being in a room with a spider in a terrarium that's perfectly closed and develop the skills so they can be in the presence of that spider in a closed terrariums and not have an anxiety reaction you see how this works same thing with PTSD when we're talking about symptoms of anxiety maybe somebody has anxiety about going into a crowded place for somebody who has PTSD for example going to the fair going to the fair can be stressful for a lot of people because there's lots of noises and screaming and you know happy screaming hopefully but screaming and flashing lights and it's dark a lot of times so it can be really terrifying to somebody with a trauma history if that is something that is important to them and they want to experience that with their kids they want to be able to go to the fair with their kids one technique would be desensitization you could also use cognitive behavioral you know you can use any of these techniques it they just have a different method of helping people cope with their reactions psychodynamic approaches make the unconscious material from trauma conscious so it can be dealt with it gets people thinking about okay this stresses me out why is it stressing where is this reaction coming from that whenever I hear a car backfire I jump three feet out of my chair and a CT finally it doesn't try to change thoughts like cognitive behavioral it doesn't try to change feelings or physiological reactions like exposure therapy it just encourages people to alter the function of those things so instead of those feelings quote making them go do something run away escape avoid their relationship with those feelings is one of okay that's gonna make me be a little bit more conscious of what's going on more mindful of how I'm feeling and I'm gonna continue to do what I wanted to do which is where the life-affirming choices comes in so I know there's a lot of text here and I'm sorry but I thought all of this was important I worked really hard to try to pare it down believe it or not so goals of act for trauma the first one is recognizing that trying to escape from emotional pain will never work in act we call this creative hopelessness because when we tell somebody well that's never gonna work you're not going to escape from it guess what they feel a little hopeless and helpless so but we call this creative hopelessness because we say all right now what do you do with that if you can't escape from it what do you do with that how can you make room for this experience that you have or you have had acknowledge your negative internal feelings you know the anxiety or whatever and pursue a meaningful life despite its presence you know how can you do this have some fear have some whatever and continue to move forward towards what's important to you and this is very meta concept II if you will for a lot of clients so I don't usually when I approach them if I'm using an a CT approach I don't go too much into the details of the meta concepts we talk about the practical which we'll get to in a minute but this is more for you understanding that problems come not from the emotional pain itself but from attempts to control and avoid it we all have pain you stub your toe it hurts now what you do about it afterwards is what could cause suffering or allow you to to move on you know I know I've stubbed my toe before and just continue to go on when I'm out running and I get a blister you know I'm too stubborn to stop running so I keep running despite the blister and it usually makes it a lot worse but that's my choice how to deal with that pain I'm not trying to necessarily control it I'm just being with it and going well I guess I got a blister besides potentially making the pain worse by trying to control it people may spend so much time and energy trying to avoid it that they have no energy left for pursuing positive things in life and think about our clients that we work with with trauma whether it's combat trauma or sexual trauma or any kind of trauma that they've experienced we can go to the adverse childhood experiences if they are running and trying to escape from the fear and the trauma of abandonment issues then that is often their focus in life they're trying to run from this boogeyman if you will so they're constantly looking over their shoulder instead of looking forward toward what they could be doing for a rich and meaningful life we want to help clients view themselves as separate from their thoughts and feelings although the thoughts may be true their only thoughts and not a reflection of what is really actually true at that point in time so you may feel scared you know when thoughts feel true we need to check them and say is this actually what's going on right now if you have a client who's struggling with history of abandonment issues abandonment trauma and they continue to recapitulate that trauma in their relationships we want to help them start looking at those patterns so when they start feeling like they're going to be abandoned they start thinking that they're going to be abandoned those thoughts feel very real at that point in time and this is kind of a psycho Nate psychodynamic thing but we want to help them see that in this moment if they recognize what's going on that that's not necessarily the truth about what's happening in this situation right now so we help them learn to take a step back from their thoughts and not buy into them as truth they can step back we're going to talk about the observing self later stepping back and acting like a fly on the wall or a completely objective scientific observer they're gonna step back like they're watching it on a television screen so instead of being immersed in it if you were watching it on TV what would you see is going on right now in this moment not you know six months ago in that last relationship but what is going on right now in this moment when people start viewing themselves as feelings they can also start differentiating or breaking away from emotional reasoning where they say I feel therefore it must be I feel terrified that if I go to sleep I am going to be vulnerable therefore I must be in a dangerous place I must be vulnerable so we can help them start moving towards that more fact based reasoning sometimes stopping the struggle with thoughts and feelings we want to help them quit playing in that quicksand if you will and practice being open and willing to experience thoughts and feelings for what they are emotions are like quicksand you step into it and if you start to struggle you're going to continue to sink deeper and deeper and be more immersed and more paralyzed by that quicksand which is you know kind of one of the problems one of the best ways to get out of quicksand is evidently to relax and try to float to the top and then roll out who knew so we want to help people stop the struggle and we want to encourage them and this is my favorite part encourage them to commit to action towards a rich and meaningful life whatever that means for them recognizing that avoiding emotional pain requires a huge amount of energy for people with PTSD because it's there so avoiding it it's like trying to walk through a crowded room and you're a celebrity and trying not to talk to anybody or get seen you're just like running through and pushing people away it's exhausting it can consume people's lives keeping them from spending much time or energy on living a meaningful and rewarding life so the six core processes of act and we're getting ready to get into the techniques pretty soon the more fun stuff less theoretical values it's important that clients clarify what is important to them in order for them to have a rich and meaningful life what is important to them that's one of the first things that I do when I work with people mindfulness encourage them to bring their awareness to the here and now with openness and if they feel scared acknowledged I feel scared it doesn't have to control me really cool activity to deal with that in a minute willingness people need to be willing to make room for feeling sensations and urges and this is not in any particular order here because willingness usually is comes before anything else because people have to be willing to do make room for these feelings be willing to experience these feelings in order to deal with them so even coming into counseling shows a level of willingness diffusion and yes I realized this is not the traditional American spelling of diffusion but diffusion means recognizing that thoughts images and memories are what they are they're not necessarily the actual truth they may be a representative of something from the past but recognizing that we are separate from them committed action taking action and making goals that are in line with your values no matter how many times you might get off track or struggle to succeed so committed action it doesn't mean perfection it means progress some days people are going to have more difficulty dealing with their PTSD symptoms and they'll feel like they're going backwards and that's okay if that's where they are that's where they are and resting with that instead of judging that feeling resting with that feeling and saying okay you know let me take a deep breath and figure out what I need to do to start moving forward and the observing self remembering that there is a you across time there's a you that experienced that trauma in the past there's a you that experienced whatever you experienced yes today and there's a you that it's experiencing this moment right now so the first thing we want to do is help people describe what they value and that what they want in a rich and meaningful life and we'll get to diffusion in a few minutes when people come in you can say something like I hear you saying that in your attempts to get rid of all this pain you've started to feel numb and distant from your family is your family something that's important to you obviously if they haven't already said that because that would be redundant so we want to help people identify however you do it now I don't typically do it this way I typically talk with people about what's important to them and then we start making a list of you know the things that they've identified it's very common for people to be overwhelmed with their PT PTSD symptoms and some of the things that matter most to them because of this being entangled with PTSD symptoms some of the things that matter most start drifting away you start forgetting about them or not having time for them or you just can't do them and you start feeling more and more distant and detached helping people live out their values is a big part of what acceptance and commitment therapy is about and it can be used in conjunction with other approaches but acceptance and commitment therapy is about living in the and recognizing that I just because I'm scared about this just because I have some anxiety doesn't mean I can't do it I can feel the anxiety and do it anyway goals the difference between values and goals can be a little confusing and this can get even more confusing if you're used to writing treatment plans so don't confuse the two but here we're talking about goals as things that can be achieved in specific timeframes whereas values are ongoing ideals and shape what goals you set for yourself for example if I value my health then I may set the goal of quitting smoking running a 5k or eating a certain number of fruits and vegetables so I value my health that's that over our chain not smart specific measurable achievable realistic and time limited thing it's just an overarching direction I want to go but what's my goal so we start talking about that going on vacation you know maybe I want to go on vacation for the holidays well that's great if that's something I value but that's not a goal my goal would be to identify a place that I'm going so I have a destination values can change over time for instance someone who valued achievement above all else and had a very successful career may begin to value service and philanthropy in retirement I've seen this happen so many times so encouraging people to recognize that they are not stuck with their values that they had 20 years ago it's OK for values to change cuz they generally do as we get older so card sort and eliminate this is one of those things to help people because they start thinking about all these values that they have and it can get overwhelming then because then they're like well I have so many goals and I've gotten so far behind yada yada yada ok well let's take a break and let's pare it down a little bit so people thinks and experiences is what we're going to talk about so everybody gets a stack of index cards or post-it notes or something you can also do this on a check sheet but I like the card method myself the overall goal is to begin creating a greater emotional connection to the values that people select so have them list all the things that are important to them and then have them pare it down to the top 10 and you know that'll take a while and they're looking at the top 10 and you can even have them talk about why they chose those 10 you'll be in group for a while if you do that then you have them pare it down again to 5 and I usually stop at 5 because 5 is a manageable number once you have them pare it down from however many to 10 to 5 then have them talk about why did you select this value why is that killer thing important to you whether it's good relationships with their family or what have you what would it be like if there were no barriers to living out this value so if you were able to just have this awesome relationship with your family what would that be like and I want them to sit in that for a minute I want them to experience that in their mind to go oh my gosh that would be so amazing and we would do whatever we would do this is what it would look like this helps them start getting motivation they start getting that emotional connection the next step once we've identified their values and things they want these are the overarching concepts you know we haven't broken them down into goals so maybe good health a secure place to live good relationships with their family and well we'll stop with those three those are the three values they have so they can start seeing this out in the distance they see this aura of a rich and meaningful life it's not clearly defined yet what that means to them but they see this aura out there and they're like that's where I want to go okay that's great so that's what we're working towards and I want you to remember what that would feel like principles of pain everybody suffers everybody has pain so we want to help people recognize that this is going to give them new tools to relate to their PTSD pain so it doesn't control their lives and they're able to fully engage with what matters in their life the goal isn't to get rid of the pain completely but to help people relate to it in a new way to recognize it and go okay this is a painful day or recognize that it's feeling a little bit better that day two types of pain the pain of presence also called clean pain or inevitable pain this is the pain that happens in response to losses anxiety traumatic memories and just different specific problems this is your brain's initial response like we've talked about that HP access and the fight-or-flight response this is your brains initial response to there is a threat or there is a problem here and it's sending off those warning bells that is clean pain and you can just like a smoke alarm you know that would be kind of your bodies clean pain if or your body's smoke alarm saying there might be a problem or maybe even there is a problem and then you decide what you do about it dirty pain is defined as the happiness people miss out on because they're focused on and struggling with the pain of presence so they're struggling with this memory that they're having telling themself they shouldn't have it or it shouldn't hurt anymore they're trying to make it go away and it keeps coming back damn it and it's just so frustrating because they want to be able to sleep so they're struggling with it and they're fighting with it this can lead to experiencial avoidance they're like okay well if I'm not reminded of it then maybe I won't have that feeling anymore well then you start avoiding more and more things and people become more and more constricted and imprisoned one example I used to explain the difference between clean pain and dirty pain is when my kids clean their room they don't want to clean their room that causes them a little tiny bit of distress so a lot of times at least when they were younger they would not do it well and they would just try to shove stuff under the under the bed and shove stuff in the closet and hope that mom wouldn't notice they were trying to make it disappear make them mess disappear without doing what they needed to do and I'd come in and I'd be like yeah and I'd check under the bed and in the closet and there's all the stuff and I'd pull it back out again put it in a pile in the middle of the room so instead of being able to go out at 2 o'clock and play with their friends they didn't get to go out until 3 o'clock or 3:30 to play with their friends because not only did they quote clean their room once but then you know since they didn't do it right they lost a lot of time do stuff they wanted to because they had to do it again so they were struggling with it and that mess just kept coming back experiential avoidance is what a lot of people do and we just talked about that a little bit and is a normal human tendency because we don't want to put ourselves in pain we don't go oh yeah let's see how much we can make this hurt we don't want to however experiential avoidance can be problematic because it doesn't get rid of the unwanted thought or experience so you know if I say well if I watch shows where I see you know sexual assault you know like Law & Order SVU or something it triggers anxious memories for me so I'm not going to watch that okay well I'm not watching that now but then I have this other show that comes on here or this other commercial that comes on here or whatever that also depicts something that's related to sexual trauma that triggers me so I'm starting to have to shut more and more stuff off so it's not getting rid of the unwanted thought it's just preventing that one trigger and that doesn't really solve the problem failed attempts to avoid painful internal experiences can result in an increased sense of failure and perceived brokenness if it feels like everywhere you look you're being triggered then people can feel helpless and hopeless and powerless efforts to remove pain take tremendous amounts of energy that interfere with pursuing valued activities and relationships if you're constantly having to check and go okay well I can go to this event as long as these six conditions are met well that makes it hard to live that rich and meaningful life if you're constantly checking for those triggers and making sure that you won't be exposed as valued activities decrease people's daily life and sense of identity become increasingly defined by their trauma so this is why we don't want people to necessarily avoid their trauma when we talk about PTSD pain we're referring not to the specific situation not to that clean pain you know that happened and that's the body's response to it but experiences of having a memory or image of a past painful experience and sensations or urges to do something that has caused problems in the past so everything that happens after the trauma that we're struggling with or we're fighting with so PTSD pain can come from avoiding places angry outbursts you know there's a lot of things that can happen when we are trying to avoid pain but those you know that pain can be memories that people have it can be images that they see in on TV you know TV is a big one it can be something they see on the internet it can be something they hear on the news you know I know sometimes I'll watch the news in the morning and it's really depressing around here because there's almost always a shooting somewhere like that's really not a happy place for me to be mentally first thing in the morning so there are a lot of different things can that can trigger and it we're not just talking about visual we're talking about sounds we're talking about smells we're talking about times of day different places there are so many different things that can trigger memories and those feelings and that's that pain every time people have a unpleasant reaction to something as a result of the PTSD experience we can call that PTSD pain so when you have people list the sources of their PTSD pain you know this can be pretty lengthy list so you want to limit them to five ten minutes take five minutes and jot down the top sources of your PTSD pain at first because I don't want them getting overwhelmed I want but I do want them to see how the pain is influencing or the pain is present in their lives and then have people list the ways they've tried to deal with their pain and this is one of those that is you can do on a checklist if you've got a group that's a little shyer so they can check off for themselves which of the top 30 ways of dealing with PTSD pain they do and that's fine or you can do it on a whiteboard if you've got a more engaged group a more willing group to participate and it can be anything distraction you know distractions a big one one of those meta concepts but what do you do to distract yourself do you stay busy do you go shopping do you drink do you watch TV do you you know view porn what is it that you do do you withdraw or give up some people will just turn off their phone they'll disconnect and withdraw into I have some friends that withdraw into videogame world they just that is where they're going to be and they are in their bubble thinking about it ruminating dwelling on fantasizing blaming trying to replay it any of those things and that usually doesn't get rid of the pain but sometimes people think if they ruminate on it they can come up with a different outcome or something about it will make them feel better and avoidance of these situations not going to particular places now hyper-vigilant behaviors are actually can actually be considered partly avoidance because if you're hyper vigilant then guess what you're more aware of all of these things so you can avoid on the whole lot easier if you're not hyper vigilant that something can trigger your PTSD pain because you weren't paying attention so hyper vigilance is a way that people try to deal with their PTSD pain by avoiding having it trigger what's the main goal of these behaviors after you go through this and and check in with people as you're doing it if they start getting overwhelmed talk about the main goal of these behaviors it's to avoid the pain and anxiety well cool I mean we don't not normally want to hurt so that makes perfect sense if people want to survive if people want to thrive they try to do things with whatever tools they have to survive the moment so they're doing the best they can with the tools they have at that point in time and they may not know any other way to approach this PTSD pain most people don't so they're doing the they can but that tells me they want to live that tells me they want to have a rich and meaningful life they just need some help figuring out how to deal with this roadblock have people list and this one can get kind of heavy have people list what they miss out on or ways their strategies for coping with their PTSD pain have kept them from what's meaningful in their lives so for example avoidance maybe they don't like being in crowds so they just can't bring himself to go to their kids soccer game or their kids basketball game or I had one friend who was traumatized after a particularly bad car wreck he responded to and he had a lot of difficulty immediately after driving just even getting in the car especially being on the interstate so he would take circuitous routes from point A to point B to avoid the interstate in order to try to avoid that pain which caused him problems he wasn't able to go back to work until he he was a cop he wasn't able to go back to work until he could you know get from one place to the other or at least not get back on the road so starting to look it which one's caused problems and then go back to that list of values that we already created those top five values and go which of these strategies strategies that have used that you have used have kept you from moving towards or being involved with those things that are important in your life so if your relationships with your family are important and your pts strategies keep you withdrawn and isolated yeah that's probably keeping you from having a rich and meaningful life in that area looking at strategies that they've used which ones are ineffective and we all have ineffective strategies we use it just you know sometimes you don't know what else to do at the moment we want to validate difficult emotions that arise when looking at the pain of absence and reinforce willingness to have them so when they start looking at all the things they've missed out on all the things that they regret because they've been dealing with their PTSD pain that's painful and that can make them angry at themselves that can make them angry at their world that lots of feelings can come up so we do want to validate these emotions and actually ask people before the groups over what is it like for you to look at these things to realize the stuff that you've missed out on or however you want to put it because you've been struggling so much to survive with this pain so people can start seeing that is increases motivation because it helps them see how their strategies aren't working and it's keeping them from living the life they want and if we've done a good job of an inspiring hope at this point then it can also help them say okay I really want to stay in this program because I want to break the cycle I don't want to have that pain of absence anymore I'd rather have that momentary momentary memory that momentary jog of pain and be able to push through it or work with it as opposed to be being held captive by it so you can have people write down ways PTSD has impacted their life and you can do this on you know a beach ball or a chart if you do it on a beach ball you can write down on different places on the ball the world the goodness of people your children your spouse your higher power the importance of money what makes you happy your effectiveness your goodness your usefulness your love ability and what it means when someone does something and you can write that you want to get one of those big beach balls because there's obviously a lot to write and pass it around we've talked about this one before whenever people get it they look at it and they go okay so I've got to answer the question how is my PTSD impacted how I think about the world or how I think about the goodness of people so it since the ball is just being tossed around people you know kind of get involved you don't necessarily have to call on them and make them feel like they're being singled out but it helps them start recognizing the impact that it's had on them and again so they can start realizing where they don't want to be anymore I love this metaphor and it did come from that first protocol that I showed you joy Joe the annoying uncle imagine that you've decided to have a party and invite all the neighbors over the sign says everybody's welcome and this includes your annoying Uncle Joe he's smelly dirty loud rude and just generally obnoxious you could decide that even though you said everybody was welcome in reality Joe's really not but as soon as you do that your focus changes you have to be at the front door guarding the house and keeping Joe out in the mean time at the party life goes on and you're spending all your time guarding the house trying to make sure that Joe doesn't get in or you could welcome Joe to the party you don't have to like him you don't even have to like the way he makes you feel but the result of not being willing to have him there will mean that you cannot be with your friends and family doing the things that you enjoy the more unwilling you are for Joe to be there the more time you spend trying to keep him out the problem is that Joe like you're distressing thoughts and feelings is really good at finding a way back in he knows about the back door and he knows how to get in through the cellar so you're guarding the front door but he could surprise you very quickly this party can become less and less about doing what matters to you spending time with your friends and family and more and more about fighting a losing battle and keeping Joe away so encourage people after talking about that encourage them to try hard to imagine what it would be like to think I want I don't want Joe here but in the interest of making this party about what's important to me I'm going to give up the fight against him and live my life in a way that matters to me with Joe in plain sight so I'm going to let him come over and I'm gonna have fun anyway the goal of this activity is to help people see that by choosing the stance of willingness they can have a more meaningful life they don't have to get rid of the pain to have a rich and meaningful life they can have an Uncle Joe in the room have people talk about how PTSD is like Uncle Joe and this situation and then you can have a discussion about can people have pain and have what they want in life and sometimes it's helpful to start out talking about physical pain you know can you have physical pain can you have a migraine and still have what you want in life can you have momentary pain if you will and still have what you want in life when you have not a traumatic event but something that makes you unhappy for the moment what would that look like and then move on to the PTSD pain can you have this PTSD pain can you have Uncle Joe in your life and still do the things that are really meaningful we keep with the willingness thought right here and move on to talk about how willingness isn't just experiencing pain to experience it it's being willing to have whatever pain or anxiety is present so that you can pursue what matters to you like going to your kids soccer game or driving to the park or for some people going hunting there are a lot of different activities that people may have cherished before their traumatic event that they're now not able to do and you know in Tennessee hunting is a big one but guns are often involved in a lot of PTSD events that we we talk with people about so if that's important to them you know how could they experience how could they pursue hunting again if that's something they wanted willingness is not about making life easier or avoidant paying it's about choosing how that pain impacts your life and I usually say that and I let people sit with that for a few minutes it's about choosing how that pain impacts your life does it take over and pull you away from what matters or do you live a full life even in its presence encourage people and this is where we start talking about living in the end to start focusing on the end and stop being stuck in the buds and you can obviously made very funny little images if your group is not too sensitive to demonstrate the ends and the buts instead of saying I want to stay at my kids event but I'm scared say I want to stay at my kids event and I'm scared the fear doesn't go away but the fear doesn't limit your behavior the fear doesn't say okay well I can't because when we when we use the word but it usually invalidate whatever came before it so if I say I want to stay at my kids event but I'm scared that means you know there's a part of me that may want to stay but I'm not going to do it because I'm scared encourage people to remember times that they've been in situations where they felt scared for their life where they felt terrified and still move forward because it was important to them they didn't say I need to do this but I'm too scared help them see how they've shown the ability to live in the end whether it's bungee jumping or a deployment for a military person or going out for their first solo tour of duty as a cop or whatever it is that they did they're living in the in the end they've shown the ability to say okay this is scarier than anything and I can do it ask group members for ways or other examples of when they were scared but move forward anyway encourage them to think about when they did that what was it like how were they able to move forward anyway how are they able to not just be paralyzed and how did they feel about themselves when they were able to do that now remember part of the stress reaction is fight flee freeze or forget but fight flee or freeze so some people do freeze and that may need to be processed when we're going through this some people may flee as well but generally almost everybody I've never encountered anybody yet who doesn't have at least one example of when they've been scared of something or terrified to do something but they or and they did it anyway they get off your butts activity and yes there's only one T in it have people take a note card and write down on that note card something that they value something that's important to them that they are going to start working on in the upcoming week maybe it's going to their kids ball game yeah that's just an easy one to keep using okay that's what they want to do that's their valued activity have them flip it over and on the back right but and then all the things that they might say after that sentence want to go to my kids ball game but the noise causes me too much stress I want to go to my kids ball game but there will be huge crowds there you know you can see where we're going with this and then when they're finished they go through and they cross out that but every single but that they wrote and replace that but with and so it becomes I want to go to my kids ball game and it's gonna be really noisy I want to go to my kids ball game and there are gonna be a lot of people there so they start seeing how they can work towards the end now we move on to mindfulness when people try to get rid of PTSD pain and anxiety they aren't acknowledging and experiencing the present moment they're having their focus pulled to what might happen you know if it's this big crowd then something bad might happen or is pulling their thoughts back to the past there's gonna be a big crowd and the last time I was in a big crowd this bad thing happened so PTSD typically keeps us from being in the moment the goal of mindfulness is to become aware of your present environment thoughts feelings and emotions and physical sensations rather than thinking about what happened in the past or worrying about the future this will help people get better at noticing positive experiences they'll start noticing you know what I feel pretty okay with this they'll be aware of what's going on with them sort of a systems check if you will because if they're not aware of what's going on their thoughts they're having their feelings they're having then they can't get distanced from it or do something healthy with it they're just they're either gonna suppress it or try to run from it or it's there but they may not know it's there so mindfulness helps people become aware of what's going on and make a directed choice about what to do with it it also can help people learn to be non-judgmental of their thoughts leading to shooting or emotional reasoning so I shouldn't be scared because of the crowd well that's how you feel right now that's how you are so let's accept how you're feeling in the moment 5-minute awareness I love this activity pre awareness I have people come in you know they're sitting down they're getting ready for group or whatever the pre Awareness activity I walk in I go okay everybody disperse so everybody's supposed to go throughout their places in the office that they can go where they can't see each other and they're not in the group room when they disperse they write down as much as they can remember so this is one of those things to help them see how mindful they were being after five minutes I have everybody come back in and we talk about awareness everybody goes into the room and starts looking around again five minutes so this can be a long activity but it's worthwhile in my opinion they go back in the room and start looking around and going you know what when I was writing stuff down I didn't even notice that there was a new light or whatever a lot of times I'll put up unique things that day just to see if people even notice hosts awareness so after they've had five minutes to really know that they're supposed to be paying attention and being aware of what's going on I have them identify what they noticed and I've spent two or three minutes writing down and then I have them group it by the five senses I say okay now that you've had a chance to really look around the room and be present in the moment what did everybody smell what are the things people are smelling what are the people things people are seeing hearing what have you and we discussed people's experiences with that if people start saying they felt like they didn't do it right then we observed that that's a label they're judging themselves for what they think they did or didn't do we validate that some people may not want to do this because it's really hard to sit still and just be mindful and aware of what's going on because that's when other thoughts start coming in that monkey mine really jumps up and we can validate any comments about awkwardness or trouble staying focused on what was going on survivors of trauma often cope in two different ways both of which are countered to mindfulness dissociation are numbing and hyper vigilance now I do want to point out that hyper vigilance is not the same as mindfulness hyper vigilance is being over aware of what's going on and having that stress response having that HPA axis activated waiting for something bad to happen mindfulness is just being aware and there's a significant difference but asking people when they do these things because most everybody in your room will have done one or both of them when you are dissociating or being hyper vigilant how does it affect your ability to engage in the important parts of your life so if you go to your kids ball game and it's really stressful it's really noisy and you start to dissociate or become hyper vigilant how does that affect your ability to pay attention to what your kids doing on the court as hyper vigilance ever prevented you from enjoying good moments and what do you think life might be like if you didn't do these things and most people will talk about a great sense of relief and the ability to really enjoy life again which they haven't done in months or years the mindfulness scan there are a lot of different mindfulness tools not every tool will work for every person so presenting a lot of different mindfulness tools is really helpful so in a mindfulness scan people take a moment and scan themselves for their physical feelings and sensations their emotions and emotional feelings and their thoughts so what am I feeling feeling what am i emotionally feeling and what am I thinking right now that helps people get more in touch with what's going on in them and that's that system check because then they can start saying you know what my heart's kind of beating a little fast I must be stressed about something some of us don't even recognize when we're starting to have our blood pressure go up so this increases a lot of self-awareness biofeedback straight to and this can be very difficult at first but it's important for people to try different activities love this activity mindfulness is you stroll down the road or through a garden and I will tell you I guess really briefly I'm a gardener and I said when I see weeds my husband jokes cuz he says they mock me and I cannot sometimes I can choose to walk past them but it really just it catches my attention and I have to refocus myself even when we're walking around the office complex if there are weeds that the landscapers haven't gotten I have to fight myself a little bit not to start pulling the weeds as we're walking around because they're just mocking me so I can understand the pull that people have sometimes when their attention gets caught by something a stroll down the road so I walk people through this imagine you're walking down the road you're in Chicago or wherever you're just cruising you notice there's a $20 bill on the ground what do you do most people's I haven't won't pick it up okay you notice there's a flower what do you do how does it make you feel they may pick it they may not a lot of people says say it makes them happy okay cool you're continued to walk down the road you see a puppy what do you do how does it make you feel and then you can say a pile of trash empty beer bottles whatever it is but you come to something that's unpleasant that they see what do you do and how does it make you feel the point is that some of the things that we see and experience and feel and think trigger happiness and some trigger anger disgust pain other things we can choose which things we pick up and carry with us just like those weeds when I'm out walking I can choose to just notice that there's a weed there and go oh well somebody missed something or I can let it bug me I can choose what I do with that emotion I can choose to experience the momentary distress or repulsion or whatever you want to call it and let it go or I can get stuck in it so you can choose what things you carry with you think of your painful thoughts memories are experiences like those empty beer bottles or that pile of trash you don't have to pick them up and carry them with you you can observe them note your feeling about it and move on so encouraging people to really think about this and have them think of a painful trauma related thought emotion or memory what does it look like how big is it what color is it how powerful is it do you have to pick it up so a memory that they had and you know or something that triggers a memory do they have to do something about it if you're talking with a survivor of sexual trauma and I'll stick with law and order SVU if they are walking through the living room and somebody's got Law & Order SVU on or Criminal Minds or something and there's a particularly graphic scene it's probably going to trigger a feeling that's okay they can recognize it they can note it and then they can move on they don't have to start struggling with it they can choose to leave that on the side of the road and not take it with them so decision points when people are experiencing distress they can eat they often when they first start this process they feel the distress they judge themselves they say this sucks I shouldn't have this I hate having this they start having unwillingness to feel that emotion they want to make it go away so then they try to do things to avoid it so they don't have to feel that anymore they either leave where it where they're at they start refusing to go to places that might trigger it the consequences are they become become more and more imprisoned in their own PTSD pain or they can't notice what they're feeling the anxiety the stress whatever they're feeling they can be willing to sit with that feeling for a moment and go you know what this is unpleasant and I'm going to continue doing what I had planned to do in the first place so they make a committed choice towards that valued action which theoretically leads to an enhanced happiness and quality of life so encourage people in in group when we start talking about these decision points imagine an exposure goal for the week so they're thinking about something that they're going to do that can trigger anxiety or PTSD pain in them so imagine this what physical sensations come up can you observe and make the choice to have them and keep moving forward are you noticing any emotions can you make the choice to have them they're not good they're not bad they just are can you make the choice to have them and keep moving forward are you noticing any urges can you make the choice to have the urge and still move forward our difficult thoughts coming up such as I can't handle this or something bad is going to happen can you diffuse from those thoughts and keep moving forward by saying I'm noticing that I'm having the thought that and this is where we start talking about diffusion and I will warn you before we get into this diffusion exercise it's really pretty gross so if you've got a weak stomach or you're eating lunch you might want to put it down for a second but it is very poignant imagine that I've given you the strange homework assignment of saving up your saliva in a bottle for the next week you bring it in and I tell you to drink it you will notice the warm thick saliva as it enters your mouth and slides down the back of your throat and you know that's I actually cleaned that up a bit it was much more graphic before but most of us are going that's just so nasty none of us actually had to drink the saliva but we were able to produce that disgust and terrible physical sensation because even though all we did was use words and images our mind gave them an element of realness the fact that we were able to envision it without seeing it is fusion when we become one with our thoughts when we experience it physiologically not just as you know thoughts imagine what happens when fusion occurs with a less simple or more painful thought such as I'm a failure just the description of the saliva those can conjure up intense emotions and reactions even though in reality they're just words if we take them seriously they can have a huge impact on us one of my friends is going in for a job interview right now and he's feeling pretty defeated at the moment and you know when we start feeling defeated when we start feeling like we're a failure then we can sort of create a self-fulfilling prophecy we can become one with those words so we can feel like we've become a failure and then we start to project that if we start projecting or becoming one with things we'll never get better then what are we going to notice in our environment we're going to notice the confirming evidence that things are never going to get better and we're probably not going to notice anything that this confirms that notion encourage people to use well get some cheap glasses at the dollar store or something use permanent marker to draw lines on those inexpensive glasses and obviously you keep these from multiple groups so it's a little expensive but it's worth it but people are looking through these glasses that are all marked up discuss how much it limits them when they have those glasses on how much would they miss out on if they had to walk around with those glasses on all day long how does it reduce their ability to respond to the world around them the glasses are like people's PTSD pain and and it limits them if they are holding on to these thoughts and becoming one with these thoughts then they're trying to see through the gaps in those thoughts and it keeps them from being aware of so much more so with diffusion encourage people when they're start having these thoughts to say I'm having the thought that nothing will get better instead of saying nothing will get better there's a difference because thoughts come and go we all have walked into the kitchen before intending to do something and forgotten by the time we got from the living room to kitchen thoughts come and go thoughts don't have to stick with us we can have a thought we can have an unpleasant thought we can have a stressful thought but it doesn't mean it's true and it doesn't have to stick with us so that's one way to step back and not be consumed or not have to become that thought doesn't mean the thought is wrong doesn't mean the thought is right it just means it's a thought you can use silly voices if people are having unpleasant or unhelpful thoughts and I have Porky Pig here and I can not do Porky Pig but use a Porky Pig voice to say things are never going to get better hard to take Porky Pig seriously you can name your story when you're having unpleasant thoughts when you're having self-defeating thoughts when you're having PTSD pain thoughts whatever it is you can name it and it you can be like up here we go here comes the screw up anthology again or whatever you name your story so you're taking it with a grain of salt because a book a story you can move away you can even give it back to the library or you can imagine and I have Cronk here because I couldn't find the one with Bugs Bunny and angel and a devil on your shoulders to represent the voices that you're telling are the things that you're telling yourself and those unpleasant thoughts are going to be the devil voices and the more balanced Pleasant thoughts maybe the angel voices but you want to try to hear both and recognize that they're outside of your body you know you can SWAT one off your shoulder the observing self is that like we talked about that fly-on-the-wall and helps people see things more objectively so when people are defusing they're actually stepping out into that observing self and going what's going on here so I am not part of that thought I'm looking at that thought going is that working for me so common barriers to recovery Fusion becoming one with the thought exiting the present moment running from it instead of figuring out how to deal with it or how to live with it and avoidance of discomfort and remoteness from values the ant and remoteness from values means because people are so caught up dealing with their dirty discomfort that they can't experience life they can't experience the things that are important to them they may not even even remember remember what they are anymore they're just so caught up trying to be safe right now the antidote to barriers diffusion getting some space between those thoughts and not giving them as much power acceptance of discomfort because it's a reality reuniting with the present through mindfulness being aware of what's going on in the here-and-now not being pulled to the past with your PTSD thoughts or to the future worrying that it'll happen again and embracing those values really working towards them so this has been a really really quick overview of different ways that you can use acceptance and commitment therapy towards trauma like I said in the beginning this doesn't wasn't intended to prepare you to be able to walk out and say okay let's go do an a CT trauma group it was intended to give you some insight into what can be used if you are wanting to explore the use of a CT in therapy and some resources to start moving from there what questions do you have and to respond to what Rebecca said yes we often don't give enough credence to how much energy we spend trying to avoid pain and trying to not deal with it or trying to make it go away instead of just sitting with it and going this is unpleasant but I can get through it I can I can tolerate it all right everybody have an amazing weekend and I will see you next Tuesday if this podcast helps you help your clients or yourself please support us by purchasing your CEUs at all CEUs calm or getting your agency to sponsor an episode a direct link to the on demand CEUs for this podcast is it all CEUs dot-com / podcast CEUs that's all CEUs dot-com / podcasts CEUs to sponsor an episode of counselor toolbox and reach over 50,000 clinicians per week go to all CEUs dot-com / sponsor thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @kimambor5495 [8 likes]: Good content. The only thing that really annoys me is that she keeps referring to ACT as the individual letters - i.e. A C T - and not using the correct term of ACT as per the originators of the methodology. IF people are learning from the start, let them begin with the proper naming convention - e.g. the verb of ACT
  2. @DrDebi [4 likes]: Thank you for being so very informative.
  3. @Walklikeaduck111 [4 likes]: Wonderful content. Much gratitude
  4. @nahidkaramali3823 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for this informative video. This is what I was looking for-to give a clear background about ACT.
  5. @DocSnipes [1 likes]: 👌More videos can be found on this topic at: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcB3trehXswg6FS0YzaQLwvX7jj1avd_F&si=T0Xm154Gm21Rrv-P
❤️Self help activities and worksheets and concierge coaching with Dr. Snipes can be accessed at https://DocSnipes.com 
👍Online Courses for Continuing Education  (CEU, OPD, CPD) and Substance Abuse Counselor Certification
  6. @sanivana [1 likes]: Thank you so much for you words. I love the clarity you bring in your messages 💝
  7. @randygriffin4539 [1 likes]: Yes RDG
  8. @lifelovegivehug [1 likes]: "Unconditional Life" an excellent book I read in mid '90's...
  9. @colbyolsen6519 [1 likes]: Thank you doc, I started listening to yo8r Playlist In My sleep. Gotta try something new
  10. @tanyalewellenray [1 likes]: Absolutely love the Uncle Joe metaphor!
  11. @tonyburton419 [1 likes]: Excellent information.
  12. @RLifestyle453 [1 likes]: Amazing very concise video 🙏
  13. @kahlodiego5299 [1 likes]: Don't think I could ever trust a therapist again (not one I can afford anyway)
  14. @scottcoston7832 [1 likes]: Please provide a few thoughts on how to deal with problems that have been viewed as a scientist. I’ve been diagnosed with two disease that are objectively awful. I am working with 5 specialists.  It turns out I was born with both of these diseases.  One of the disease is one of the leaders in death. 

Hopefully there is an approach in ACT that addresses information is not distorted. It is often essential to live Now as much as possible because projecting into the future even a few hours suck... it turns out that lungs send messages to hypothalamus/ amygdala.  Thousands a second... By the time the frontal cortex is able to process reality more messages are flooding in... it’s like a network storm during denial of service attacks. 

Reality is not great... but it’s imperative I accept the my situation... and figure out how to move on. It’s possible that life is workable... and it would be stupid to have a negative approach.  THANKS
  15. @lindsaymiller2145 [1 likes]: "Defusion" not Diffusion
  16. @sws2552: I know you said this could be split into a 3 part series - would really love to have more like these.
  17. @rodrigoleite3037: Excelente aula. Muito útil para meus estudos na psicologia. Abraços do Brasil!
  18. @huffysheraton: Thanks so much. Pretty much everything here also applies to us folks who deal with ordinary depression and anxiety as well.
  19. @abdelghanidahdahi9140: Thank you for these video
  20. @Rorshacked: Thank you for uploading this to the YouTube-esphere!

- Experiential Avoidance: The Most Important Idea in All of Psychology: Kind: captions Language: en This is a video on experiential avoidance, what I refer to as the most important idea in all of psychology. My name is Dr. Greg Mueller and I'm a licensed psychologist and an assistant professor living in Austin, Texas. Now, before you watch this video, please take a minute to review this disclaimer. It applies both to the content in this presentation and in future videos that I'll make. So, we're talking about experiential avoidance. And when I have this conversation with people, I very commonly show them Wikipedia because I know that this that this is something that they can review on their own. So let's take a minute and look at this. So experiential avoidance has been broadly defined as attempts to avoid thoughts, feelings, memories, physical sensations, and other internal experiences even when doing so creates harm in the long run. So the idea behind this is that as humans, we avoid as a way of coping. And very often that form of avoidance-based coping gets us into serious trouble. Now, another reason that this is so important is that a lot of what we think of as behavioral health or mental health disorders, we can think about it in terms of how avoidance plays out in the pathology of the disorder. So, let's look at several examples. So, major depressive disorder. So, people feel intense sadness, guilt, low selfworth, and they avoid through isolation or through suicide. Suicide is very often an avoidance strategy. When you talk to people that are seriously depressed, they and you ask them like, "Do you actually want to die?" Very commonly, they they say, "No, I don't want to die. I just don't want to be alive anymore." The avoidance is present in how they're experiencing the symptoms. Post-traumatic stress disorder. People have traumatic experiences. Their body becomes sensitized to threat and they have intrusive memories, anxiety, concern for their safety, and they avoid any reminders of that trauma. Their body's on alert. social anxiety, panic disorder, agorophobia, OCD, substance use disorder. Particularly, we see experiential avoidance in substance use disorder. The substance is the form of avoidance that manages the symptoms. And then there's a cycle that people get caught up in using that substance. So, several things to remember. Very often when I'm having this conversation with people about experiential avoidance, they start, you know, feeling bad like, oh, I'm doing this avoidance thing. It's it's a not so good. But it's important to recognize, you know, we're all human. We all avoid sometimes. So, examples that I commonly reference are people wear shoes so that they avoid, you know, getting their feet injured when walking around. You probably wear a coat if it's a cold day out. You have the AC on at your house to avoid the heat. And so avoidance isn't bad in and of itself, but avoidance may be a problem if it's our first solution that we jump to. If it's our only option that we go with, if we're using it inappropriately or too rigidly. So I use the example of the weather. Like if you're at your house and it's oh my god, the temperature in my house has to be 68.5 degrees and I won't be able to tolerate it if it's not that. And oh my god, it's so hot outside. I'm going to cancel all my plans with my friends. So that's an example of when experiential avoidance will get in the way of you living your life and cause functional impairment. And so it can be really tricky to try and figure out am I engaging in approach or avoidance? And so the question that I commonly pose is am I moving towards what I want or am I moving away from what it is that I'm afraid of? And so in terms of how I think about outpatient therapy, I really like questions because it moves people from a place of fear and distress into a place of curiosity. And so as it relates to experiential avoidance, the question that I offer commonly is, how do we help you develop a healthy relationship with avoidance? Avoidance isn't going to isn't going away and avoidance isn't necessarily a bad thing. How do you develop a healthy relationship with avoidance? And so the answer to that very often is through what we refer to as approach-based coping strategies. Things and approach-based coping strategies are present in cognitive behavioral therapy, acceptance and commitment therapy and exposure therapy. And so one of the goals that we're also trying to punch towards is understanding what is the pattern of avoidance that we engage in so that with that knowledge we can challenge that form of avoidance when it's appropriate to do so. And so I plan to talk more about the idea of approachbased coping strategies when I do some content on acceptance and commitment therapy. And so thank you very much for taking the time to watch this video. Again, my name is Dr. Greg Mueller. If you're interested in this work, please uh consider looking at my website or um subscribing to my YouTube channel. Thank you so much for your time and attention and have a great rest of your day.

- ESCAPISM ADDICTION - how to stop avoiding and escaping from life / stopping emotional avoidance: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone welcome or welcome back if you're new here my name is nina i'm a life transformation coach and here at this channel we talk all about mental health personal development and understanding our own psychology so if you're not already a subscriber please go ahead and become one we definitely want you to stay connected so a while back i released a video that was all about escapism i talked about what it really was how it can sometimes be a helpful coping mechanism and other times be something that's actually very destructive in our life and really how to tell the difference so once i released that video i got a ton of responses asking what to do if you've really come to the determination that escapism really is a problem in your life so i'm going to go ahead and link down the original video in the description box below just in case you want an overview or if you really want to make that determination for yourself but today we are going to be talking all about solutions now i don't want to do a lot of backtracking in this video but i do want to just remind you of the definition of escapism just so we're on the same page and that is the tendency to seek distraction or relief from unpleasant realities especially by seeking entertainment or engaging in fantasy so really it's a technique that we might use consciously or subconsciously to give our brain a break or to delay or sometimes outright avoid unpleasant emotional or psychological experiences and as we talked about in the last video there's actually a lot of healthy forms of escapism and oftentimes what makes it poisonous in our life is the intention behind the activity it could be traveling it could be something that we think of as very positive like working out all the time or watching a lot of news anything that successfully allows us to avoid important aspects of our life or that becomes excessive in our life or takes up an excessive amount of time or focus could be escapism and if you're still kind of on the fence on whether or not this is an issue for you i would go ahead and watch that other video where i really walk you through how to know for sure if it is problematic in your own life and with that being said let's go ahead and look at some steps that we can take to start to break this habit the first part of the process is to acknowledge the consequences when we keep running from our problems which is essentially what we're trying to do when we engage in escapism we can only avoid our pain for so long eventually we are going to have to face it doesn't matter if we keep pushing it away and pushing it away at some point it does have to be dealt with and at that point usually the problem has grown along with our suffering and our anxiety about it and in addition to this there is usually a huge list of negative consequences that are also coming because of this avoidance so we have the problem of you know not addressing the actual issue but what other problems is it causing in our life so we really need to get real about this because a lot of times we try to push this away and not think about it because it causes a lot of guilt but this is a very important part of the process what other areas of my life is this escapism affecting is it causing harm to my relationships or to my professional career is it keeping me from my goals or keeping me from spending time with my family or becoming the best version of myself what is the harm here what are the consequences these are the things that we really want to take time and make a solid list of so that we can see that it is truly affecting all aspects of our life is unrealistic to think it's just affecting that one issue the second part of the process is determining the motivation for the escapism we really need to ask ourselves what am i avoiding by doing this activity and why do i want to avoid it what is the perceived benefit from really engaging in this escapism am i trying not to think about a specific person or a specific situation or is a specific feeling so unpleasant that i'm trying to push it away is that depression is that anxiety is it sadness is it anger what is it what am i feeling that is the motivation for me not to experience this right now and although it sometimes can feel painful to really focus on the motivation for the escapism that really can help us to have self-compassion and self-understanding about why this behavior is there to begin with the third part of the process is to brainstorm solutions and strategies so when we were figuring out what the motivation for our escapism was what we were really doing is pinpointing areas of our life where changes need to happen where we need healing where we need closure maybe where we need solutions and what we need to do at this point is to try to figure out what would make us feel better how could we start to address these problems what steps could we take so at this point we want to make another list and this list is going to be any possible solutions as crazy as they may seem we want to be careful not to just include things that are really in our comfort zones we want to really think about what could potentially solve this problem and from there we can really revise this list so we can make actionable steps we're comfortable taking the fourth part of the process is to start taking that action and i know a lot of times that seems so frightening that we give up before we even get started but believe me we are always stronger than we think we are and also any step forward is progress it doesn't have to be huge it doesn't have to be you know frightening or fast we can move at our own pace progress is progress but what i've seen over and over and over again is that the second that we do take action again even if it's a really small action there is an enormous weight that drops off our shoulders because we are starting to address the problem there is so much anxiety and so much stress that is associated with avoiding problems and when we take that little step forward we start to feel relief even when we are scared to do it even when we have been avoiding problems so long that we feel overwhelmed at even the thought of starting to address the issue when we actually do we experience relief and believe it or not i have seen it happen very often that once we've just made the decision to make this change in our life we can do so very very easily it's like we've had that reality check that the escapism is causing so many negative consequences that we are more than ready to attack the problem head on now that is definitely not the case for everyone so please know if for you you need to go a lot slower and you just need to take it step by step that's also fine moving forward is moving forward the fifth thing that we can do is to take control of other aspects of our life and this is really for two reasons the first is that we need to remind ourselves that we are the boss of our own life that we are in control that we call the shots that we can make the decisions when we are escaping from our life all the time we start to feel that we have no control that we are simply a victim and that is truly not the case and the other thing is because we want to start to design a life that we really want to lead that we don't feel that we want to escape from in the first place and we can do this by taking really simple steps like eating well and getting enough sleep getting enough exercise doing things that we enjoy visiting friends learning new skills anything that can help improve our life and help us feel that we are truly in control of our life is going to start to make this process a lot easier and in general we just want to start to be more present in our life we want to learn to practice mindfulness to really acknowledge all aspects of our life we're not really choosing what we are escaping from we're escaping from everything which means that oftentimes we don't see all the good and happy positive things in our life that we really do enjoy so when we are mindful and we are in the moment we can start to see all these good aspects of our life and realize wow maybe i do have problems maybe there are issues i want to work on but i don't need to escape from everything i can simply make improvements and changes in the life that i have and remember that escapism isn't all bad we just have to learn to use it in a way that is constructive and not destructive in our life like a little treat a little reward when we need to just step away from our life for a few moments but we don't want to make it a habit that takes over everything so with that being said i really hope that you enjoyed today's video and you found it helpful if you did please like it share it with someone else who may need to hear the same message today also do become a subscriber if you aren't one already we definitely want you to stay connected and i want to thank you so much for spending time with me today i hope the rest of your day is extraordinary you

  Top Comments:
  1. @yourownrisk1 [53 likes]: Escapism can go back as far as your childhood. When you are ignored or abused and don't feel as if you are even wanted , you start to sacrifice and dismantle your true self. You become a people pleaser you, try to make the adults in your life feel comfortable at any cost,  you'll start to  apologize far too often and for  no real reason other the mindset of "I hope my mom and dad notice how well behaved i am and they  tell me they love me or even notice me."
  2. @A_Wood_Hunt [22 likes]: 1.  Ackowledge the consequences - actual and added from the procrastination.  Make a list.
2. Why am I am avoiding this?  What am i feeling?
3.  Brainstorm solutions and strategies.  Really think outside the box of anything that will help you act 
4.  Take action.  Even small steps help.  
5.  Take control of other areas of your life.  Design a life you want and take steps to improve. 
6.  Be more present in your life.  See the good as well as the bad and keep moving forward
  3. @NenaLavonne [14 likes]: Hello Friends! I hope you find this video healing and helpful! <3 Please take a moment to say hello in the comments, and definitely become a subscriber if you aren't already! This video was by request, so please don't hesitate to continue to requests any topics you might have questions about! Have an incredible day!
Much Love,
Nena xo
  4. @kruimell83 [2 likes]: But how to fight the feelings op anxiety and stress. Those are connected to being to hard on myself. It becomes a cycle of the being to hard and then wanting to escape even more untill eventually (like yesterday) I collaps. I loose all hope that my life will turn better some day and that I'm able to do it.
  5. @A_Wood_Hunt [2 likes]: Ive swallowed my pain and emotions for 60 years and now find myself with a huge tummy ache with two major stresses come at once.  Time to heal
  6. @DevireddyHarshitha [1 likes]: Thankyou for this video Neva, it really helped me on how to start accepting the reality 💙
I read books to escape reality. I'm 16 and I'm supposed to be preparing for the toughest entrance exam in our country. It needs a lot of hardwork and discipline to crack that exam. But ever since the start of the prep, I've been getting really less marks. I used to get really good marks when I was in school. But then I got the hobby of reading books. Fantasy ,thriller anything . Slowly that hobby of mine turned into an addiction. Every time I get really low marks or someone scolds me, all I want to do is go and read something so that I can forget about this.
Me getting less marks,  my insecurities, the disappointment of me to my parents....all of that led me to want another life where I was perfect at all these things , where I was able to solve my problems like a pro.

Recently, I realized that this want to escape is actually a serious problem. Cuz my actual life is going to chaos due to my neglect. I have 8 months more to prep for the exam which will be able to change my life. I realized that I can't escape this anymore. This is the actual Life I have and I have to deal with it. No other option.
I just hope that it's not too late and that my life is still in my hands.
  7. @skeeter793 [1 likes]: Escapism is a survival strategy for some of us.
  8. @orangejuicesimpson7233 [1 likes]: I wish there was a video on how to make it work
  9. @leon_xeditz [1 likes]: First of all thank you for the content you shared it’s a great video. I am 100% escapist and avoiding all the important task in my life and I know that I should do it but I don’t the feeling of guilt developed in my mind tears me from inside and stops me from improving but now I know how to deal with it. I will improve my self and become a better version of myself ❤
  10. @BlackMoonNight89012: i really appreciate this video.  You are compassionate while still saying, "I believe you're strong enough to face your fears."  And the concrete steps are perfect.  i took a really honest inventory of my life, using your steps 1-3.  I'm hoping this will lead to positive behavioral changes.  Thank you for sharing your knowledge in a kind way.
  11. @oddhumor373: I saved it to watch later
  12. @ΣτυλιανήΜουλά: ❤❤
  13. @johnchester7476: The modern world is like a mine field
  14. @joanmejer3126: Astrologically called having pluto in your 11 th house, right?
  15. @RounakLearns: a perfect guide! thanks <3
  16. @Tony-yw4ns: Thanks for being strong and trying to help.😊
  17. @kodidane5824: Did anyone else deploy their escapism during this video?
  18. @djwhisper3246: You're awesome!
  19. @sakshidahiya935: I am also suffering from escapism for a quite a few time now. I kind of know that I am escaping from many a things in life but not properly, an article this video helps a lot. 
But the problem with me is that I can't continue on things which I have to do in my life, at this point I feels like any solution only works for few days then I am again doing those things. Please let me know what I have to do to remain  consistent and solve my problem effectively.
  20. @wompwompwompwomp12345: Woah thank you. I took time to really write down/think about these things and just had so many epiphanies! Escapism has been effecting so many aspects of my life for as long as I can remember. It’s been building up and is unbearable recently, but I feel like I know what I’m working with a little better now. I hope we can all start to put in the work and get through this together. It’ll be scary at first but you got this everyone :)🫶

- Experiential Avoidance 2021: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone my name is jessica alcarez-bigelow and i am a clinical psychology phd student at the california school of professional psychology at alliant international university san diego today we will be reviewing experiential avoidance through the lens of dialectical behavioral therapy or also known as dbt and acceptance and commitment therapy also known as act this is a phenomenon that clients experience when they are trying to avoid their private experiences this concept is generalizable to various situations however through dbt and other therapies like act it can help you create awareness of some of the distressful situations that you are going through and the behaviors that you may be engaging to avoid these behaviors breaking the pattern of experiential avoidance can be difficult because experimental avoidance is a learned behavior that develops over time so what exactly is experiential avoidance experiential avoidance is our desire to avoid or get rid of unwanted private experiences things like bodily sensations emotions thoughts memories and behavioral dispositions and anything we do to try and make this happen we all experience emotions such as anxiety happiness excitement sadness uncertainty [Music] relief so much more like pain fear pride relief despair anger shame joy and guilt as you can see emotions are adaptive they can help us survive and we have them for a reason however sometimes we have emotions that are uncomfortable and overwhelming and this can be difficult to think about with emotions such as anxiety uncertainty worry shame or pain we often do our best to avoid these emotions because well they're unpleasant these emotions are seen as negative and we don't like the way they make us feel we also do the opposite when we experience things pleasant feelings like happiness excitement and we are drawn to these emotions because they're not painful or cause us any discomfort so then we engage in this ping pong match where we go towards pleasant emotions such as happiness excitement and relief and we avoid the things that make us feel uncomfortable like anxiety uncertainty worry and shame now this makes sense right why would we want to engage in emotions that make us feel bad and why not always go towards the emotions that make us feel good wrong unfortunately experiential avoidance creates only short-term relief but not long-term relief research shows that higher experiential avoidance is associated with anxiety disorders excessive worrying depression poorer work performance higher levels of substance abuse lower quality of life high risk sexual behavior borderline personality disorder greater severity of post-traumatic stress disorder also known as ptsd long-term disability and higher degrees of overall psychopathology okay so how does experiential avoidance exactly work think about an event or moment that was difficult for you that caused you a negative or distressing feelings this is called a trigger something in the environment triggered a response this could be an argument with a family member seeing an image on tv or hearing a song on the radio when we experience this trigger this can cause us negative thoughts feelings or emotions to pop up we as humans don't like to experience these negative feelings or thoughts i mean think about it who would as mentioned earlier we want to do our best to make these feelings go away this desire to get rid of our thoughts our negative thoughts feelings and are called urges when we get this urge we often engage in some sort of behavior such as avoidance self-harm or using substance this connection between trigger and these behaviors is learned triggers are originally developed through classical conditioning classical conditioning is a process that involves creating an association between a naturally existing stimulus and a previously neutral stimulus for instance if your ex partner breaks up with you while a certain song is playing on the radio now every time you hear this song it can make you feel sad or depressed and when your partner broke up with you you get those strong feelings every time you hear that song on the radio this is learned now when we experience the trigger we get the urge to make ourselves feel better we engage in some behavior that will make us feel better some of these behaviors may be lashing out engaging in sexually risky behaviors isolating engaging in reckless behaviors substance use or self-harm when someone engages in these behaviors they get in that moment someone may get relief from whatever feelings emotions or thoughts they are experiencing this is from what's called operant conditioning every time we feel a strong emotion and we engage in a behavior to avoid or get rid of the emotion it provides relief this is called negative reinforcement the more likely you feel these negative thoughts feelings and you will engage in a behavior to make that go away and provide yourself temporary relief unfortunately this behavior only provides the temporary relief and not long-term relief and we get caught in the cycle that goes round and round and round for instance we may get into an argument with a friend and then after the argument we feel a sense of worthlessness this is that negative feeling and distressful thought we then create a thought that no one cares about us this person may then start to feel sad so they engage in a behavior they get the urge and then they engage in the behavior to isolate themselves in their room going to their room then creates meanwhile while they're isolating in their room they're removing themselves from social interactions that they enjoy thus making themselves feel alone and more depressed this cycle will continue and continue because the relief is only temporary and these behaviors are maladaptive additionally some components that can make the situation worse are vulnerabilities some things like fatigue hunger use loneliness and being in a negative environment can make the situation worse let's take the original example of getting into a fight with your friend now let's say you're struggling with substance abuse such as drinking alcohol if you were under the influence when you got into the argument with your friend can you see how the situation may have been worse how quickly this may reinforce our behavior to isolate or even drink more can we see that if we were hungry or tired when you got into the argument with your friend how that can escalate the situation and make us feel sad after the argument these vulnerabilities are something we need to do to manage to help lessen the impact of these interactions vulnerabilities can make it more difficult for you to cope with these painful situations and emotions which can increase your likelihood of exp of engaging in experiential avoidance so what do we do now we know that experiential avoidance doesn't work we try working on managing and working on these negative thoughts feelings and behavior when we're experiencing them as humans we get the urge to want to make ourselves build feel better where dbt comes in or act is in helping us manage our distressing thoughts feelings and emotions when we are experiencing and when we get the urge to avoid those painful thoughts feelings and emotions and behaviors wanting to make ourselves feel better by engaging in experiential avoidance is natural but dbt and act can help us feel better by helping us create better adaptive behaviors that create more of a long-term relief instead of engaging in experiential but how how can dbt or act actually help us engage in better maladaptive behaviors instead of experiential avoidance well with dbt or act we can use skills to increase awareness of our avoidant urges and decide not to act on it experiential avoidance only creates that short term relief as mentioned before and is not helpful in the long term experiential avoidance helps us feel better in the moment but it does not help with values and life long living goals it can also increase stressors and increased distressing thoughts feelings and emotions through dbt or act they can help us manage and improve emotions emotion regulation the stress tolerance interpersonal effectiveness mindfulness acceptance being committed with their actions cognitive diffusion viewing yourself as context and working towards your values all of these skills that you can see here through therapy can help provide relief and long term that's all folks

  Top Comments:
  1. @psychology-professionallys3315 [1 likes]: Very good

- Here’s how experiential avoidance is keeping you stuck: Kind: captions Language: en do you have the sense that you're just kind of going through the motions and not living with the sense of purpose and vitality that you've always wanted well if this is the case for you the reason why could be experiential avoidance and I'm going to explain what that is experiential avoidance is a term that we use in acceptance and commitment therapy to explain the human tendency to move away from internal experiences that we don't like and humans have a tendency to either move toward the things that they want or away from the things that they don't want and back in the day this made a lot of sense I mean you know you would move away from a bear because you don't want to get eaten and you would move toward your fellow triag mate because you're going to feel like you're connected to that person now what has happened is that humans then created language and so we started coming up with all of these different words to describe things and part of the things that we started describing were our own internal experiences we started placing judgment or values on these experiences so we would say that anxiety and sadness are bad emotions and happy and relief are good emotions and so we started building our life where we're starting to attempt to move toward the good emotions like the happiness and the relief and away from the bad emotions the thing is if you look into the research about what really makes people feel happy it's a sense of purpose it's building a meaningful life anything that you've really really really wanted you've probably experienced some discomfort in the process of getting there for example say you really really really wanted this promotion at work but in order to get it you were going to have to put in some extra hours put in a couple late nights and have to have a conversation with your boss where you were advocating for yourself and you realize if you get the position you're going to have to deal with the discomfort of doing something new rather than the comfort you feel in your current role where things feel smooth and easy in other words we probably have to feel some discomfort in life in order to build a meaningful vital life what's the solution one of the solutions to experiential avoidance is identifying what kind of person we want to be what kind of life we want to live and practicing willingness to sit with the discomfort that comes from doing things in our day-to-day that move us toward the person that we want to be every day we make lots of choices and some of the choices move us toward the person we want to be in the life we want to live and some of the choices move us away from the person we want to be and the life that we want to live and when life is going smoothly and things are easy we're more likely to keep making these choices that move us toward the life we want to live when things get stressful and we have lots of uncomfortable feelings and thoughts and memories come up it's harder for us to make choices that move us toward the life we want to live because often times we're making choices to just try to reduce some of that discomfort that we're feeling and so the goal is to ask ourselves when we're in a position where we have a choice to make is this choice that I'm about to make moving me toward the life that I want to live or away from the life that I want to live when we choose actions that are meaningful and life-enhancing even if they are accompanied by some discomfort we tend to feel more of a sense of Vitality and purpose to answer this question of what is the antidote to engaging in avoidance behavior the answer is engaging in valued action and I'm going to have a video about values so stay tuned for [Music] that

  Top Comments:
  1. @KaminiWood-itsauthenticme: Experiential avoidance is so subtle but powerful—avoiding discomfort really does keep us stuck. This is a great reminder that growth starts when we face what we’ve been trying to escape.

- (Full explanation) Understanding Experiential Avoidance.: Kind: captions Language: en one of the things with um with acceptance is not so much kind of like diffusion it's not a difficult concept the hard thing is often helping clients and inviting them to the process of actually um being willing to see this as something viable and useful for them um one of the biggest challenges is that a lot of clients come in with an experiential avoidance a gender you know they come in saying I want to feel better or I want to um feel less bad and that's you know this is going to be what we start talking about when we talk about experiential avoidance so so so let's define this concept of experiential avoidance to start with what is experiential avoidance I want to just look at this picture I think it captures it pretty well um you know this this kind of what is this thing you know as a concept to kind of explain experiential avoidance let's go back to the ACT Matrix for a second and you'll remember that there's two basic ways that we live two basic behavioral of orientations to use some technical terminology we are either moving towards or away you might remember that and we tend to move towards what we see is good just going to shrink myself down so I'm not in the way here we tend to move towards what is good and we tend to move away from we could say what we see is bad so we move towards something good like a food and we move away from something bad like something threatening so this is kind of going back to that act Matrix on one of our early weeks now also in the ACT Matrix you'll remember that there are two ways of experiencing life this is our vertical line we can experience life and experience reality in an external way or we can experience it internally we can have an internal experience of life or an external experience of life now I want to bring these this part into the horizontal line here to show something so what we see is that the two orientations of behavior the two ways that we are basically acting right we either moving towards what we want away from what we don't want that that concept of towards what we want could be seen two ways it could be towards what we want which is you know the good things right and and and good could be kind of you know in the external World it could be a five senses thing right for the the the top of the if you remember the vertical line that we just looked at good could be represented in that sense like what we just had you know a piece of cake or something that will be you know sensorily good and in that way but what we can also see is because we've got that internal orientation or that internal way of experiencing reality good can also exist there and what does that look like well we tend to want to move towards what feels good what helps us feel things that we like like happiness or excitement or you know Joy um you know all these things are kind of you know feelings that we want to move towards and on the away side if we're moving towards good what do you think we're trying to move away from well we could probably say we're moving away from what we see as bad and what we see is bad can exist in the world in their five senses experience like you know things that are literally going to be threatening to us um like a you know a crocodile um a snake a bus but we also tend to then want to move away from what is bad in our internal experience difficult emotions sadness anxiety you know the list can go on anger frustration doubt hopelessness despair confusion uncertainty you know the list goes on and so we want to move away not only from what is bad that we see in the external world but what is bad that we see in the internal world and when we look at this part right here this running away or trying to escape or solve or resolve or or or get rid of painful emotions is what experiential avoidance is I hope this definition makes sense I could have just said it in one sentence but I wanted to take you on this journey through the ACT Matrix to kind of highlight how experiential avoidance just makes sense based on our natural orientations towards and away from what is good and what is bad so in a way what we can see is that experiential avoidance is trying to move away from from the feelings that we don't like experiential avoidance a behavioral orientation where one's actions are targeted towards moving away or targeted at moving away from in other words relieving escaping or otherwise reducing our difficult or painful internal experiences [Applause] [Music]

- What Is Behavioral Activation For Overcoming Avoidance? - Cognitive Therapy Hub: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What is behavioral activation for overcoming avoidance? Imagine feeling stuck in a cycle where you avoid doing things because they seem overwhelming or uncomfortable. That's what avoidance behaviors are. They are actions people take to dodge unpleasant feelings, thoughts, or situations. While avoiding might give temporary relief, it often makes problems worse over time. For example, skipping social events because of fear can lead to loneliness and deepen feelings of depression. In cognitive therapy or cognitive behavioral therapy, the idea is that our thoughts, feelings, and behaviors are all connected. When someone avoids activities they once enjoyed, they miss out on positive experiences that could lift their mood. This creates a pattern where negative feelings grow stronger and avoidance becomes more ingrained. Behavioral activation is a way to break this cycle. It focuses on helping people start doing activities that are meaningful or enjoyable. The goal is to increase positive experiences and reduce avoidance. It begins with activity monitoring where you keep track of what you do each day. This helps identify patterns of avoidance and areas where you tend to withdraw. Next, you plan small, manageable activities to do each day. These can be simple things like taking a short walk, calling a friend, or doing a hobby. The key is to start with easy steps so you don't feel overwhelmed. As you get more comfortable, you gradually add more activities. This process helps rebuild your confidence and shows you that engaging in life can be rewarding. Behavioral activation is based on the idea that changing what you do can change how you feel. When you participate in positive activities, your mood often improves naturally. For example, going for a walk might reduce feelings of sadness or anxiety. It also helps challenge negative beliefs like thinking you're not capable of socializing. In practice, behavioral activation involves creating a schedule of activities that align with your interests and values. It also includes problem solving to overcome barriers, like finding ways to make activities easier or more appealing. Support from friends or family can boost motivation and help you stay on track. By consistently engaging in these activities, you start to regain a sense of control over your life. You notice that avoidance no longer dominates your days. Instead, you build a pattern of positive experiences that can lift your mood and reduce feelings of depression or anxiety. This approach is effective because it directly targets the behaviors that keep emotional difficulties going, helping you feel better step by step.

- How To Identify Your Core Values: Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT): Kind: captions Language: en so why do we even care about values you got goals and new year's resolutions and other things you're just not going to stay with and that's exactly the point you might be very good at goal setting coming up with the perfect plan knowing what you want to eat and how you want to exercise and what your morning routine looks like in your evening routine and everything in between but if understanding the plan was enough to do it your life would look very different you probably wouldn't be watching this video right now now goals are great i have lots of goals that i'm moving towards every single day but the cool thing about values is values are more like a journey or a north star there's something to continuously aspire to continuously correct to goals you check off go to the gym three times per day oh that's a lot go to the gym three times per week check but you wouldn't say move towards being strong did it done crossed it off never have to do it again you might say call one friend every day check but if your value is to connect with loved ones to listen and be present for them you wouldn't just be like did it now i can ignore their phone calls if we think of values as our true north as the who and the what that we want to move towards as the qualities or characteristics that we possess the cool thing is is if life throws us some curveballs which it always does and the goals that we once had maybe aren't accessible or aren't accessible in the same way if we have a clear idea of what our overarching values are then you can always get back on track think about it like a road trip you know maybe you're headed up to yellowstone because you've been watching that tv show a lot and you know where you want to be going and there's like this one highway that takes you there and you're like zipping along on it going 80 because apparently they let you go that fast here but then there's construction you see all those little yellow cones the traffic starts creeping up you're wondering like what is this la what's happening here and i don't know there's a bunch of bears on the highway you don't just go like oh i guess i can't go to montana no you might pull over you might pause you might stop for a moment get more information maybe there's a side road that you can take the scenic drive and the road's a little bit bumpier and it takes a little bit longer but if you have in mind what you want to be moving towards what you want to see at the end of the day who you want to be at the end of your life you can correct that like i said values are the who and the what that matter to us there are why why we're doing life why we're getting up every morning they're the qualities or characteristics that we want to identify with that we want to be known for now values can change over your lifetime we move through different phases when you are maybe in college and you're single and you don't have any children the things that are important to you the things that you want to be focused on might be different than when you're married with kids or when you're trying to build a business or start a creative career and the things that are important to you might be different later in life so we don't just set our values once and say that's it we do want to be checking in with them maybe once a year every couple months just make sure we're still on the right track on the true north that we want to be headed towards so how do we go about identifying our values we can draw from a lot of different inspirations our cultures our faith our traditions our family practices all of these things can give us an understanding of what is important to us either because we really resonate with it or because of maybe some bad or unpleasant experiences we've had that have made us realize like i really want to be this not that or i've really been craving this this has been missing in my life and i want to move towards that a good place to start can be identifying who and what are important to you the people in your life the types of relationships that are in your life so for example if uh being in a romantic relationship is really important to you but you're not in a relationship right now that can still be a value still be something that you're moving towards and what you know hobbies things that you're doing in your spare time your career if that's something that's important to you and then from there we want to understand what the characteristics of this are if we name family members or a partner or friends the next question might be to ask yourself what type of person do i want to be in this type of relationship how do i want to show up to the moment now remember it's not like i want them to be respectful to me towards me i want them to be someone i can trust we can't control other people so it's really thinking about like how do i want to show up to a moment or to a relationship similarly if you look at something like a career or a hobby that might give you an indication of like what about this is important to me for some people a career might be an opportunity for creativity or innovation or being challenged for another person it might be a source of financial stability another it might be a way to help others and there's no right or wrong answer here and we can come up with an idea and then ask ourselves that question a couple of times why does this matter what is important to me about this how do i want to show up to this moment in terms of qualities or characteristics you might ask yourself if i were to ask my loved ones my co-workers my employees to describe me what would i want them to say about who i am how they see me not what they would say but what would you hope that they say about who you are it might give you an understanding of where your values lie and then you can put this into practice different moments throughout your day just kind of pause and ask yourself if i could take one small step towards something that's important to me what would that be maybe it's sending a text message to your best friend taking your dog for a walk going to the grocery store it doesn't have to be profound and life-changing living a meaningful life is a series of small steps and now this doesn't mean that if you live a life according to your values that life is always wonderful and beautiful and joyful quite the opposite in fact when we come in contact with the things that are important to us the type of person we want to be the type of life that we want to have more pain is there more fear more stress more anxiety because we could lose this we could be disappointed with it we could be heartbroken we could be hurt by it so i can't guarantee you a happy life as fleeting as that emotion may be but i can say that if you work to identify what's important to you and start practicing taking steps towards it you can show up as yourself and the person that you want to be and i think that's pretty special now it's not as easy as just flipping a switch and deciding i'm going to move towards my values because there's a lot of painful thoughts and memories and sensations and feelings that show up and make it difficult to move towards the things that matter to us so check out my next video in diffusion a totally made-up word that can have a big impact on your life

  Top Comments:
  1. @simmov9489 [4 likes]: You've definitely helped me to identify something in myself. I have no values or goals and I haven't for Years! There's nothing I care about enough. Full disclosure, I've been diagnosed with ADHD, OCPD, GAD & MDD and have actively sought treatment for almost 2 decades now with multiple psychiatrists and clinical psychologists and having tried all treatment options available to me without success, it's hard to feel anything other than defeat. The only thing that I do that could be considered a goal is the one thing I tell myself every morning when I wake up... "just get through today". To me that means doing the bare minimum required to function as a human being and nothing more. Sometimes I succeed, sometimes I don't. I guess if I had values I'd have something more substantial to live by. Thank you for this video, you've given me a direction to go in 🙏
  2. @Anonym-yr4qn [3 likes]: So the bottom Line is:


That 'Values' really just refer to our own expectations towards ourself, the convictions they are based on and the fact that we are putting up with both of them on a daily basis.


Whether we're aware of them or not.
  3. @Mohammedght24 [1 likes]: Amazing explanation doctor thanks a lot ❤❤
  4. @DoctorCarrieHall [1 likes]: Listening and applying
  5. @CtGodsHo-me [1 likes]: COMPETITION IS WHAT KILLED HUMANITY LONG AGO SINCE THE DAYS OF THE GARDEN AND AFTERWARDS! POINT OF FAMILY IS CALLED CIRCULATIONS, learn it live it n Love it!
  6. @v_lavender7452 [1 likes]: Subscribed! Im so excited to watch more of your videos!! I need this kind of content in my life!! I have on my day planner 1. Find videos on discovering core values and 2. Find videos to be more present and I see you have videos on both!!
  7. @FrequencyFreedom [1 likes]: Thank you for a very grounded message. 
I appreciate that you mentioned how unpleasant things still exist. 
I spend most of my time alone or in nature. 
I still don't really feel that I know what I am meant to be doing in this lifetime. 
One day at a time, and videos like this help. ❤
  8. @LeadersHQ-1: This actually is helpful... I am finally learning that our values are the WHY and are what is driving us.. I am recently retired, and all of a sudden I'm faced with a new WHY... the environment has changed and my core values are the same..
  9. @jazz_xi: This video was so good and comforting. Thank you. 🩷
  10. @Richard_Saunders: Your video is so much meaningful and unique.. loved it..
  11. @persko_draws: Your videos are just so inspiring and helpful 🫶🏻 thank you so much
  12. @lisagonzales2016: Of course, I live in New Mexico.... how can I find the right therapist in my location?
  13. @TheRowman2222: If that plant is real, you should really have it in a bigger pot. And also, this isn’t a judgment, It’s just an observation, I’ve never seen anybody pull their hair behind their ears, and yet still have it drape in front of their shoulders. You may have Come up with a look that might be unprecedented.
  14. @LifeValuesMethod: Great overview of values and how they shape goals, not the other way around! Bringing personal responsibility into the picture adds another useful layer too.  it can reveal where people are getting stuck, and where their actions aren’t lining up with what they truly want.
  15. @TheBierman19: Great video.....
  16. @paulam5864: I know the why but I can’t seem to get myself to do it. What then? There are fears or objections. These are good values, making amends etc. Not trusting myself that I will get hurt or fail keep me from doing what I value.
  17. @aliciabodington: Can values change due to pain in pursuit of the value? At what point do you decide the value is making you suffer and worth it?
  18. @etherealjay: Got personally attacked a couple seconds into the video... you have my undivided attention.
  19. @maryshearer663: I keep try to assess and list my values. But continue to struggle. Where can I find a hold my hand kind of process to go through? I understand the concept and the differences between values and goals. And totally understand they can and will change. But I am a bit behind. I am working through childhood abandonment, trauma and dysfunction that has defined my personality, choices and habits. I am trying to reparent and learn who I am and what I want. Also disoriented by perimenopause and late diagnosis of ADHD. Kind of struggling in a sea of sand right now. With no due north compass and not much insight into myself. Definitely not the ability to I'm identify what I want most days.
  20. @hyper_Jaykay: Starting this video with “we got goals and new year resolutions” gave me the ah-ha feeling 😊. It’s exactly the reason this video found me. Thank you x

- My Favourite Values Exercise ACT - Flavour and Savour (Russ Harris): Kind: captions Language: en here is a really good exercise which encourages you to take action based on your values every day and this is an exercise I use all the time and I get all of my clients to do it's called flavor and saor and it comes from atmat simple by Russ Harris once we have spent some time thinking about and identifying our values then sometimes it can be quite tricky to incorporate them into our daily lives effectively especially if we've been living so so long without doing that and as we know doing things that are valued and meaningful in life has a massive impact on our mental health and the quality of our lives so what I want you to do is this tonight or maybe tomorrow morning pick two values that you want to focus on during the day if you are new to the channel and this is the first video you're watching and you're not sure what I mean by values then please watch one of the values videos that I will leave in the description below so as an example I might pick the values caring and intimacy those are two things that I really do value so by caring I mean caring towards myself or other people and by intimacy I mean being able to open up and share myself emotionally with those close to me then during the day purposely look for opportunities to act on those values so values give us a bit of a direction we want to head in a bit like a compass point point it's not in itself an action that I can complete it's not a goal for example I can't complete caring I can't ask my wife how her day was and then tick caring off my list of goals completed caring as a value should be something that directs my behavior so we translate values into actions that we can do and throughout the day there will be opportunities that come up for me to do this such as when my kids come home from school I can sit and spend some time with them and listen to them about their day and and what's going on for them another opportunity might be when my wife asks me about my day which she probably will do through experience and instead of me just saying yeah it was fine it was okay I could show some intimacy and open up a bit and say yeah it was a good day unfortunately this thing happened which made me feel a bit upset or frustrated or angry and then we can maybe have a short discussion about that and I open myself up a bit more to her than perhaps I would normally do so that's the flavor part of the exercise as we are flavoring our actions our Behavior with the flavor of a value like sprinkling those conversations I'm having with my kids and wife with a a flavor of caring and intimacy now here comes the saver part as you flavor your actions then notice what that is like for you notice any difference notice how it makes you feel notice what happens to your attention and your focus notice if anything happens in your body notice the impact it has on those around you and how they respond to you and how it affects your relationships and then continue to do this for the rest of the week you might choose to use the same values each day or you could choose different values you might just pick one value instead of two that's absolutely fine so to recap we're going to pick two values flavor some parts of your day with them so find Opportunities to embody that value and Savor the experience that comes with that then if you have a therapist you can discuss your experience with them or if you're doing this alone then perhaps you can drop down your experience in a notebook something that's really important in any type of therapy is this idea of tracking when you try a new behavior when you try something different we need to try and understand what impact that has on us and what the outcomes are from that new behavior from that new experience and we call that tracking quite often so by savior we're trying to track did it make me feel did it make me feel any different did it make me feel calm or relaxed did it make me actually feel a little bit more anxious as a feeling but the response I got from my partner was more in line with how I want that relationship to be so just because something feels more uncomfortable it doesn't mean it's a bad behavior or a wrong Behavior or a bad experience if it's moving you in line with your values then that's absolutely fine because that discomfort your feeling we've got a whole load of other things we can do to make you feel better at experiencing that to maybe turn the power of that down a little bit there's loads of things we can do the important side is you've moved in line with your values and you've perhaps opened up more in your relationship with with someone which is what your value was if you're struggling to identify your values I have a whole values playlist on the channel the channel is building up nicely now I've got a few core videos about acceptance and commitment therapy uh processes or concepts and we are now building a little exercise toolkit for people to use if you are finding this content helpful then please leave a like and consider subscribing that gives these videos is a little push in the YouTube algorithm and if you have found this helpful then it's likely that somebody else will so by giving it a like by subscribing it means that more people are likely to find my content thank you very much for watching everyone take care and goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaymcconnell3840 [5 likes]: I’ve been studying ACT for years, and this exercise is one of the most helpful I’ve seen. Thank you for your work!
  2. @invisiblegirl3915 [3 likes]: Well, you had to go and cut off my easy "checked that off the list" out.  🤣 Another good video.  Really appreciate it.  No shortcuts.
  3. @Lou_Mansfield [2 likes]: I want Industry to be my value, to be hard working and dedicated. I am unclear how to take action in ways that meet this value, because I currently am not industrious nor think my youthful productivity in the past would work for my current age.
  4. @bethstratton3391 [2 likes]: Stuart this is a lovely simple exercise and you explained it so well.  Thank you.  I especially love trying to track my behaviour with an open and non judgmental attitude towards the technique.  This often works for me. 🙏
  5. @anjav.6502 [1 likes]: Really helpful. Thank you!
  6. @jaymcconnell3840 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  7. @jaymcconnell3840 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  8. @SneakySteevy [1 likes]: Why ehen people talk about value they only focus on what they think they are as a person and almost never on what value they would benefit from even if right now they don’t have that in their life. 

Most people seem to select values to protect their ego, what they think of themselves. 

For examples, patience, courage, choosing, giving sense are almost always ignored.
  9. @Bimbsi59 [1 likes]: Very helpful
  10. @karriechung77 [1 likes]: I love this exercise and the explanation..so easy to understand and apply. Thank you!
  11. @ruthjenkins3912 [1 likes]: Thank you that was really useful and clear.
  12. @jenniferspring8741: Thank you for this! Your presentations are very positive, broken down clearly, and not visually distracting. You share your enthusiasm and knowledge generously, and it's a big help! Maybe someday you will host group Zoom coaching sessions🙏

- ACT in Daily Life: Kind: captions Language: en News Channel 8 presents new skills for living with your host Tom Lavin a healthy plan for Healthy Living hello and welcome to New skills for living a show dedicated to healing and wholeness in our community have you or your loved ones felt frustrated in your search for happiness if you have felt frustrated you're you're not alone if have you felt sad have you felt unhappy have you felt angry if so you're not alone although you might feel like you're alone and you're the only ones we're going to be exploring this this theme of health and happiness with Dr Stephen Hayes today Dr Hayes is the foundation professor in the psychology department at the University of NADA Rino he is the author of this really great book get out of your mind and into your life which I highly recommend to you and so as we're talking about this idea of health and happiness we also later we want to be talking about Chinese handcuffs and what do Chinese handcuffs what can they teach us about being healthy and happy so Dr Hayes thank you so much for being here with us today thanks for having me it's a pleasure to have you back on the show and so Steve the first thing that I want to ask you is so many people even if it it seems like they have everything they have Financial Security they have a house they have a car but there's still striving to be happy can you tell us about that striving to be happy please it's a natural process but it's so easy to get into your own way with that because I think we often define happiness by the emotional uh results of a process and we try to get to that end point as opposed to actually walking through that process and we Short Circuit the possibility for uh for real happiness so are you kind of saying like that that Vaudeville comedian who said don't try to make yourself happy you're only going to make yourself miserable yeah I think that there's a lot of evidence that that's true because there's too many shortcuts that people can use that actually set up a process of internal struggle and uh the culture is encouraging it massively and it's not leading to real happiness really the um evidence seems to be that all of the material success that we've achieved over the last 100 years has not significant contributed to our happiness here in the developed world and would you say then that one of the things that makes us unhappy is that we're overly focused on I have to be happy and I need this to be happy I need this and everything's got to be a certain way and then I'll be happy and we think it's like a static State we're going to be happy for the rest of our lives once everything gets in place I think that's right and you put sort of put life on hold and you try to hold on to that you kind of fix it in place it's interesting that uh uh you know uh I I work with people who are addicted to drugs and they they call a hit of drugs a fix yes and it's it's both a connotation of repair but also to hold it in place yes and happiness is isn't isn't like that at the emotional level I think the Greeks had a pretty good term emonia which is happiness toin as living your values and that's something we can teach people how to do and it leads to an expansion of life not this kind of self- focus and focus on getting rid of U part of the natural process of living which is going to include pain and difficulty and You' got to find a healthy place to put that rather than have that be defined as your enemy yeah so when I hear you mention value Steve I'm thinking well sometimes maybe we're looking for love in all the wrong places we we get focused on something that we think is really is important but maybe when we step back it's really not that important I think Happ we kind of mixed up huh well if you look around you and you see what are the things that people fight about at your work or at home home and so forth very often it's over who's up Who's down who's right who's in and not really about what are the contributions that we're making to the lives of others uh are we connecting with those who are around us they really not about love intimacy participation and contribution uh they're about these more superficial things and you're not going to find much happiness inside them so when you're working as a psychologist with someone who's in pain and their suffering and and you can see that they're kind of mixed up in terms of what's important and maybe that's what's creating their suffering for them how do you kind of talk with them about that so the light comes on for them well one thing I ask people to really look at their own experience because we're so encouraged in our culture to Define pain as something that has to go away and yet uh loss and uh the natural process of Aging creating limits for us there's lots of things that are painful in just a normal human life if you define that as your enemy and then you start fighting with it well then suffering is right behind that and experience will teach you that but the logical mind will want to continually try to Define your life as a problem to be solved that's exactly part of the process that makes it impossible for us to let go show up and start living which is a Formula that I think is more likely to lead to a more expansive life and a happier way of living well I kind of hear you saying that having pain is is from time to time just part of the human experience and the things that we do to try to make the pain go away actually create suffering can you tell us more about that well true and one of the things in the modern world that we have to look at is we're being exposed to more and more pain just as a result of Science and Technology we probably see on our internet screens newspapers and television screens more in a week than your great-grandfather would have seen in a decade and we haven't yet evolved as a culture enough to teach people how to sit with that amount of a constant flow of pain and horror that's being shared with us from all around the world and so we tend to do things that are pretty unhealthy I think to turn to turn away from that to self soothe in ways that are that are not healthy uh and so pain is part of life finding a way to deal with that in a healthy way is sort of the pivot point between entanglement and and happiness I believe yeah well that's that's a really good start with Dr Hayes um after this brief break we're going to go ahead and explore a little bit further this whole idea of how can we find true health and true happiness hello and welcome back we're talking with Dr Stephen Hayes from the University of Nevada who who is the author of this really good book get out of your mind and into your life which really encapsulates and guides people through the processes that Dr Hayes is talking about with us today so Steve I was wondering we kind of touched on what is the culture telling us about who we are about pain and suffering and happiness and health could you expand on that a little bit more please the two most toxic things that the culture gives us I believe is other in addition to this challenge of a constant flow of pain and also a constant flow of judgment and criticism of others in our shoutcasts that look called the newscasts and sort of the you can see it in our politics you can see it just just watching our cable news and St forth is that I think we're being taught that a Feelgood life is a live good life that it and and there's too many ways that uh Science and Technology are developing ways to quote feel good that are not necessarily good in the form of you know uh distractions medications we may not need in the form of uh commercial images of if you have the right beer the right car the right uh uh partner the right the amount of money and so forth uh and I what has happened at the same time is the traditions in the culture that used to teach us to sit with distress in small amounts for a larger purpose to have compassion for others to see the world through the eyes of others and to focus on our values those institutions have weakened so we have greater challenges weaker institutions and we're kind of living the results I think you can see it in our young you can see it in our culture this is this is harming people I wonder when you when you talk Steve about how maybe at an earlier time in our culture we were taught to sit and be with some pain and yes is this a character issue does this have to do with the character of American culture or the character of individual people or the character of families it I don't know if character is the right word but it's a challenge of the modern culture we've created for example let take the the exposure to pain and horror comes in part from this wonderful Communications technology we've invented but now our you're you're three-year-old is being exposed to images then you can't turn off the television set or the computer screen fast enough completely eliminated and when they get older they're going to see these things even if you tried to you threw all the you know television sets out out of the window and so part of it there's been a hardening of the culture I believe not because of character but because of the challenges that we've created oddly through our great technological and scientific advances and then the culture hasn't evolved quickly enough enough to catch up with it and I think Pro some of the other things that used to provide a weight against it for example uh social clubs or spiritual religious Traditions I think are changing the amount of Reliance that people have on methods that produce compassion some small amounts of distress can I give you an example yes please when I when I was raised most religious Traditions had small amounts of things you did for a larger purpose that were difficult you gave up things on certain days couldn't eat meat on Fridays for a Catholic for example you went through periods of time when you were fasting you were on your knees regularly when you're a little kid you couldn't understand kind of what that was but part of what I gave you was is my mother used to say offer it up offer it up and she was she said you should use this to connect with the suffering of others and so it was put into a meaningful context so much of that has now been stripped out and we have a commercial culture that is pushing feel good feel good feel good all the time and it's no wonder I think that our our uh our kids e you know sort of push away from it with the you know X Games just do it you know they try to go in the other direction because they see that this is nothing but trial to drink and and and we know that's not really an answer either so neither suppression nor Indulgence is an answer how do we find a middle path and I think we're we're trying to find a way as a culture as to how to do that so are you saying too so on one hand there are these religious institutions or these psychological systems that encourage people to give themselves to something greater than themselves but are you are you saying though that sometimes the problem that creates more suffering Steve is is this idea of me first exactly exactly that I'm really not living for anything greater than myself it just how can I feel good right now so why you have to look at you know why are are things like purpose-driven life and so forth so popular right now some of these things is that because people are yearning for a way to look at what is my purpose why I'm a here and uh you know spiritual and religious Traditions are part of it but the whole culture has that responsibility you know are we here for the for just for ourselves or for the good of others do we have compassion for others and can we sit with some small amount of pain and difficulty as part of living a values Driven Life and those are the the things that we know just from the science of it help people stand up to the challenges of uh this flow of of pain and of judgment that the modern world has put into our lives and I think in this last minute of this segment Steve what are your thoughts on this it seems like the more we focus on our pain and how much we want it to go away the worse it gets exactly but on the other hand when we are engaged in life we're engaged in making a positive difference the aches and pains whether they're physical or psychological just don't seem to be that great is could you comment on that in this last half minute well isn't that AES if you have this idea that when the pain goes away I can start living you're never going to get to the second phase yes conversely if you can find a way to focus on living a valued life including for for others these pains that have that come as part of a natural process of living assume a more normal uh proportion of your life and they they actually seem less important yes you don't put life on hold waiting for your sadness to go away your anger to go away your depression to go away great excellent information after this brief break we're going to talk with Dr Hayes about what do Chinese handcuffs have to do with all of this we'll see you right after the break hello and welcome back to New skills for living we're talking with Dr Stephen Hayes the author of this really wonderful book get out of your mind and into your life and one of the things we wanted to talk with Dr Hayes about was this idea of Chinese handcuffs um and what does that have to do with being healthy and being happy so Dr Hayes can you guide us through that please well uh if you've never played with one of those toys before I I just gave one to my four-year-old and he put his fingers and started to pull it out and then almost with a panic realized he couldn't get them out and of course everything in his mind told him to get out you had to pull it out so he pulled harder and harder and harder he's a little guy and even those fairly flimsy straw things prevented him from doing that it's a metaphor but a metaphor for something that I think is pretty profound and is supported by what we know from the evidence which is you know sometimes if if you lean into things you have more room to move and you you have the room to actually move ahead and uh have issues uh drop away conversely if you're fighting with them in an unhealthy way they become the central focus of your life can I ask you to grow and grow from your perspective when we're fighting it that we're either trying to avoid something or we're trying to control it is that correct exactly when you say lean into it you're saying just be with it just be with it although one of the things I want to caution and the reason a book like this is important but not this there's several books that you within this tradition that walk through this is these are skills you have to learn because your logical mind will hear well I need to lean into it how do I do that part of what we need to do is be more mindful even of that get a little bit of distance between all this chatter box between our ears which is full of those television images and all of those painful things we were just talking about and to to learn to be more mindful to sit with what's going on in your body what kind of emotions are rising and falling to watch your thoughts thoughts come and go and then amid all of that to focus on what you can do with your feet that would move you towards the kind of life that you want to live and so there's skills that have to be learned not just Concepts that have to be heard and applied and that's what the book will do is it walk you through these kinds of exercises and skills that will allow you to let go not just as a concept but as an actual process in the moment when things arise that are difficult of course you've worked with thousands of patients and I was wondering can you give us an example of how you've used this concept with the patient of yours who was suffering well I'm thinking right now of a person who a young person who was so afraid socially would get so anxious around others uh that she tended to say no to any kind of invitation to be part of things and was uh became more and more and more withdrawn and was both anxious and depressed as a result part of the irony there is the reason why she was so concerned is she wanted to be with people yes that was part of why she was afraid because she wanted that and the solution that her mind gave her was it was safer to be away from people so this is a very common thing and this is something that any uh listener knows about yeah if you were ever betrayed in a love relationship for example when you were young those early moments those early relationships almost all of us have had that thought of I'll never be so vulnerable again meaning I will keep people away I'll put a wall around me but the reason it hurt is because I wanted to be with people I wanted to be loved I wanted to have intimacy yeah so it's the natural uh response of the human mind is to try to control pain it's part of what it evolved to do but it'll do it even when it harms your life and prevents you from moving towards what you most value so with the the young person I'm thinking of we taught these kinds of acceptance and mindfulness skills and she learned to sort of be gentler with herself to carry that anxiety into social interactions and to see them actually as a sign that she cared about others and wanted to be with others rather than a sign that she had to withdraw from others that's an excellent example and again Dr Hayes mentioned his book and I want to point this out to you again it's available at the major bookstores you can get it online through Amazon and we'll talk more with Dr Hayes about these really important Concepts right after this brief skills for living we're talking with the author of get out of your mind and into your life and Steve we were talking during the break that there was that song that said teach your children well what would you share with us for for the parents out there and for the grandparents right now watching what can you share with them about how some of these Concepts can be taught or how they can be used with the younger generation well you know there there's some evidence on uh what age gives you in terms of wisdom and people will say things like don't swep the small things and so forth you begin to put things in perspective and I think ironically with our children sometimes we hide the fact that life is difficult and there are pains and difficulties and present a more coping model I think in order to avoid uh scaring our children and maybe thinking that it would be too hard for them but in fact I would go in the other direction I think part of what we need to teach our children and what they know full well because you look at how often Children Cry they are are right up against the fact that just the normal process of a day includes things that are painful is that it's it is all right to feel pain and that uh life does present these things but we can find a place to put it that is compassionate with ourselves compassion compassionate towards others and then values based and I think we've we've uh been almost irresponsible sometimes in how we've presented models to our children that won't uh hold up when they have difficulties later on yeah so we could actually be teaching them to try to avoid pain at any cost and try to be like stoic or buck up or or go get go get loaded or something exactly I think we do it all the time just because children learn more from by watching us and what we actually do than by what just comes out of our mouth and uh important place there is for a person who is struggling with anxiety depression or substances thinking that this is going to harm their children no it isn't what's going to harm the children is watching you uh walk through those processes in a way that's unhealthy and so part of your job is is to really look seriously at what your experience tells you to reach out to find uh better ways and to allow your children in to see that and to then use that to sort of help them through some of these smaller challenges they'll face as a young person uh but the single biggest thing is what we what we model yeah so if for example we're dealing with a a sadness of lost if there's a loved one who you know walking through that in a in a way that's that's respectful of the pain involved in that and brings the children in so that you can see that that's a path you need to walk but yet is connected to the the values part of it like the the celebration that we do when people uh have passed away of of of the good things that they stood for you know children need to to see that too and see that it is possible to walk this path between Indulgence and suppression and to live a human life with its difficulties and still walk a valued path so in terms of like being models for our children I hear you saying please correct me if I'm wrong kind of like being emotionally available and and knowing that being emotional is not a weakness in fact it's a strong man or a strong woman who's able when we're able to access our emotions in an authentic way and share that with our children absolutely and to walk through them in a healthy way so this process of uh acceptance which I think was really kind of self-compassion linked to also compassion towards others teaching children to see there is suffering in the world and that's part of their job to step up to that and then also to find in there uh the values that they will represent in the moments they'll spend on this planet and how they spend their lives in one one Behavior or another and what you actually do in life uh and and focus on that carrying the rest with them towards a you know these these painful experiences I like to use the metaphor even some of the things our biggest struggles are sort of like a dried flower and we're being asked to sort of carry it with care uh instead of trying to throw away our own history which is so anti-life and so uh has a lack of self-compassion we can't throw away our histories and push away the things that have happened to us we have to carry that forward towards a life worth living that that's a great image that's a great image Stephen well it's been really great to have Dr Stephen Hayes with us we want to ask you to join us again where we explore another another topic uh looking at acceptance and commitment therapy and of course these shows are available online that website is up on your screen

- How to put Values into YOUR Life - Bullseye Exercise (Russ Harris Acceptance and Commitment Therapy): Kind: captions Language: en so in my what values video I briefly touched upon this idea of valued domains and these are areas of your life that are important to you where you can act out on your values and these domains probably make up the majority of your life or at least how you spend the majority of your time and one way to start thinking about these domains is this idea of a bullseye as you can see the bullseye is split into four areas or four domains these are work education Leisure personal growth health and relationships so work or education can be related to your workplace or to your school or to your college or maybe you volunteer somewhere it can be a bit broader than that and be about your career in general and what direction you want that to go in or what direction you want your education to go in or it can be about developing skills that can be used in the workplace or within within your education setting and think about what sort of person you want to be what sort of person do you want to be to your fellow workers to your colleagues to your teachers or to your classmates what qualities do you want to bring into that place and that environment how do you want to be seen and relationships can mean relationships with your partner or your children or your parents or your wider family or friends or colleagues or people in your community that you don't know particularly well but anyone in your life really and what's sort of relationships Do you want to build with them what sort of person do you want to be in those relationships what personal qualities do you think you could develop here and personal growth and health this is how you generally develop as a person this could include your spirituality or your faith it could include looking after yourself physically um or emotionally it could include cooking and eating and nutrition it could include learning new things to help you grow such as reading books or watching videos like this one keep watching these videos again what sort of values are important to you here and Leisure so this is things you do for fun this refers to things you do to play and relax and enjoy yourself so any hobbies you might have anything you might do for fun and whilst doing these things what sort of person do you want to be and and with what personal qualities so I've personally not given any examples here as I want you to try and come up with your own values and not be tempted to use ones that I come up with so any examples that I might give however saying that I appreciate this can be quite tricky so if you do want to see an example worked through probably using myself then let me know in the comments a good way to start with this is to write down some values associated with these four areas of your life please remember value values aren't goals values are ongoing actions for example uh let's take the domain of relationships you might say I want to help my daughter pass her upcoming mass mass exam that would be a goal as the exam can be passed at some point and then that goal is completed a value might be uh being supportive and the action associated with it might be sitting down with my daughter for 30 minutes tonight and working on some Mass problems and if you haven't thought about your values before this stage or before watching this video then check out my what are values video first and that includes a list of values in the description and then check out some of these short values exercises in my values playlist to guide you working out your own values and there's several videos in there and I'm hoping there's something that everyone can relate to and now we turn to the bullseye the star of the video so have a look at the values you've come up with and Mark a cross in each area of the bullseye to represent how much you think you are currently living by those values and be honest here the nearer you place the cross to the bullseye that's the bit in the middle for those people who don't play darts or archery the more you are living those values at the moment the further away from the bull ey and the nearer to the outside edge means means you are not currently living by that value and again be honest you'll probably end up with something that looks a bit like this so what does this tell you it may show you that there's domains that you're currently neglecting or missing out on it may highlight areas that you can start working on right now and if you notice that some difficult thoughts and feelings showed up when you were doing this then that's completely normal most people people that I do this with find that there are areas where they aren't focusing a lot or any values guided action on and as you realize this your mind might start judging you or blaming you or making you feel guilty and you might notice that some anxiety starts to show and let's just notice that in our minds let's just acknowledge that maybe thank your mind for doing its job and bringing this to your attention know there's there's a message there and then focus on making a small Improvement in some way and you can make a small Improvement by picking one of the four domains so just one for now and focus on that one for a week set yourself a goal that you can achieve in that week so something you can either do straight after this video or later today or over the next few days and try to make this goal as specific as possible so for example if you're if you're in the the health domain and you want to do some more exercise instead of just saying tomorrow I'll do some exercise commit to something more specific commit to something like I will go for a walk for 30 minutes tomorrow morning and write it down research tells us that writing something down or telling someone else you're going to do it means you are more likely to do it and I've included a link to a document to help you with this it's in the description below along with a copy to the Bull's Eye goodbye and take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @poorbob1122 [2 likes]: Great summary! I was struggling with values and this helped me. 

One thing however: telling someone else you're going to do something actually makes you LESS likely to follow through because you become partially satisfied from the social gain itself. I don't have a citation on hand, but it's been commonly cited by Andrew Huberman among others.
  2. @murkymurph8355 [1 likes]: Really appreciate your work. Been struggling lately, grateful to find your exercises. Thank you sir.
  3. @JeffDavidsonUnRefined [1 likes]: Thank you! I’m seeing I missed a bunch of your videos. Whoops!
  4. @OokamiKaii [1 likes]: I would love to see an example with your values ❤
  5. @invisiblegirl3915 [1 likes]: Hmm....another tough, yet good one.  Me, as a person (wants, needs) usually doesn't even enter the equation in my daily life, it's just survival.  I had to actually research "self care" when I heard the phrase.
  6. @mat-tilde: Is the 'What are values?' video you mentioned in the beginning still live? I'm having trouble finding it on your channel / via search
  7. @MandyWoodArtist: Thank you for this explaination it is clear and simple. I think telling people who care about you and who will encourage you on your journey is an advantage; for instance, a counsellor. Discussing values and goals, and writing them down, helps work out a plan of attack and gives you space to come up with alternatives or problems that might arise, as well asthe desired and other possible positive outcomes.
  8. @mikamycat603: ❤👍 thank you

- ACT in Action: Using Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for Real-Life Change: Kind: captions Language: es-419 - Hola, y bienvenidos. Mi nombre es Jeff Bell, y en nombre de todo nuestro equipo de Deconstructing Stigma, me gustaría agradecerles por acompañarnos hoy. Estamos llamando a esta sesión "ACT en acción", y nuestro objetivo es compartir lo que deberían saber sobre la terapia de aceptación y compromiso, y también cómo puede ser utilizada por clínicos, cuidadores e individuos que buscan fomentar un cambio significativo. Vamos a explorar cómo ACT puede mejorar la resiliencia y la flexibilidad, y compartiremos algunas estrategias prácticas para aplicarla a todo tipo de desafíos. Nuestra invitada tiene muchísima experiencia en este tema. La Dra. Fairlee Fabrett es directora de formación y desarrollo del personal de la División de Niños y Adolescentes de McLean. Además de su amplia experiencia en ACT, también tiene formación en terapia cognitivo-conductual y terapia dialéctico-conductual. Fairlee, siempre es un placer conversar contigo. Gracias por dedicarnos tu tiempo hoy. - Oh, gracias, Jeff. Es muy agradable estar aquí. - Bueno, quiero empezar pidiéndote que expliques, en unas pocas palabras, si es posible, qué significa el término terapia de aceptación y compromiso. - Es exactamente eso. Es una terapia donde el objetivo es lograr que nuestros pacientes acepten lo que está pasando y se comprometan con una acción. Y puedo entrar en detalle ahora, pero, básicamente, es una acción que está guiada por las cosas que más te importan. - Excelente, eso nos lo resume muy bien. ACT ha evolucionado mucho desde su introducción. ¿De qué maneras ha cambiado con el tiempo? - Bueno, sabes, inicialmente, obviamente, comenzó con adultos. Se empezó a usar con adultos, y hubo mucha investigación que demostraba que era muy efectiva en reducir síntomas de ansiedad y depresión. Hubo mucha investigación en dolor crónico para adultos también. Y, sabes, todo el metaanálisis que hemos visto muestra una efectividad moderada en comparación con la TCC, por ejemplo, pero últimamente la investigación ha estado integrando adolescentes y también niños. Y aunque todavía necesitamos hacer mucho más ahí, los resultados son favorables. Así que, para niños y adolescentes, está mostrando ser realmente efectiva cuando se trata del manejo del estrés, el comportamiento en los salones de clase. Se ha usado mucho en clínicas de dolor pediátrico, y ha mostrado mucho respaldo cuando se trata de dolores de cabeza y fibromialgia. Así que, hay mucho ahí. Siento que el trabajo ha estado más en usarla con una población más amplia, y los clínicos sintiéndose confiados, como diciendo: "Bien, ya entendí esto, puedo usarlo con mis pacientes", pero el marco ha sido bastante estable, ha sido casi el mismo desde sus inicios. - Hablemos de ese marco. Hay seis principios centrales de ACT. ¿Puedes guiarnos a través de esos y cómo se relacionan entre sí? - Sí, y si no te molesta, Jeff, debería decir esto, me formé en terapia cognitivo-conductual, ¿de acuerdo? Y en todos mis primeros años como clínica, estuve haciendo TCC con mis pacientes. Y cuando aprendí sobre ACT, simplemente tuvo muchísimo sentido para mí. Y espero que cuando terminemos, tú y la audiencia queden encantados con esta terapia porque tiene sentido y siento que realmente nos permite hacer mucho más como terapeutas y también como personas, creo también. Muy bien, así que, esta terapia nació en los años 80. Y esto sucedió cuando había mucha gente a la que no necesariamente le disgustaba la TCC, pero había mucho énfasis en ese entonces, en desafiar pensamientos incómodos o distorsionados o pensamientos que no ayudan. Y la gente estaba mejorando al hacer eso, pero aún estaban haciendo las cosas que les estaban causando problemas, y no se veía un cambio a largo plazo. Entonces, Steve Hayes interviene y dice: "Muy bien, descubramos una manera diferente de hacer las cosas". Así que pensó: "Muy bien, ¿y si creamos una terapia en la que podamos conseguir que nuestros pacientes hagan cosas que valgan la pena, dejen una vida que valga la pena dejar, en presencia de cosas incómodas?" Así que, desarrolló este marco donde hay seis procesos que se abordan en cualquier momento dado. Eso es lo otro que me encanta de ACT, que puedes entrar y salir de cualquiera de estos diferentes procesos en cualquier momento. Uno de ellos, uno de estos procesos, es la aceptación. Y por aceptación, básicamente queremos decir simplemente estar abiertos a la experiencia. Como humanos, pasamos mucho tiempo evitando cosas que son difíciles, ¿cierto? Cuando aparece la ansiedad, no quiero sentir ansiedad, voy a evitar esta reunión. No voy a ir a esta fiesta, no voy a levantar la mano en clase, no quiero hacer esta presentación. Somos muy buenos en mantenernos seguros, de cierta manera, y terminamos evitando mucho porque no queremos sentir esas sensaciones incómodas. La aceptación nos desafía a hacer lo contrario, solo tolerando, de acuerdo, estás ansioso. Estas sensaciones que estás sintiendo en tu cuerpo, esas sensaciones son, digamos, ansiedad, y eso es lo que es. Eso es lo que se presenta en ese momento. Uno de los procesos es la aceptación. Otro proceso es la conciencia del momento presente o la atención plena, que hemos escuchado y es parte de muchas terapias diferentes. Y lo que esto significa es que tenemos que ayudar a nuestros pacientes a estar en el momento, porque si lo piensas, si no estás aquí ahora mismo, va a ser muy difícil elegir qué hacer, ¿cierto? Tu acción, si no estás en el momento presente, va a basarse en un miedo sobre el futuro o en alguna tristeza sobre el pasado, pero no va a basarse en lo que está ocurriendo ahora. Hay un gran énfasis en la atención plena, estar en el momento presente, lo cual sería un segundo proceso. El tercero sería la difusión cognitiva. Y lo que abordamos aquí es simplemente permitirnos entender que los pensamientos son pensamientos, y que los pensamientos no necesitan definirnos. En la vida, si lo piensas, mientras más piensas en las cosas, mientras más permitimos que las palabras tengan significado, terminamos creando reglas para nosotros mismos. Por ejemplo, no voy a levantar la mano en clase porque soy tímida. Así que inventas esta regla. Y luego tu comportamiento va a seguir esta regla que creaste, pero en ACT, cuando abordas este proceso, por así decirlo, la difusión cognitiva, enseñas a tu paciente a reconocer que un pensamiento es solo un pensamiento y que no tiene que dictar lo que haces. Así que puedes pensar "soy muy tímido" y aun así levantar la mano. Obviamente hay mucho trabajo que implica eso, pero ese es un proceso muy importante también y un proceso central de ACT. El otro es el yo como contexto. es reconocer o permitir, no permitir, ayudar a nuestros pacientes a reconocer que no somos el producto de las situaciones y malas experiencias que hemos tenido en el pasado, ¿bien? Este es un poco difícil de explicar. Básicamente ayudamos a nuestros pacientes a verse a sí mismos como un tablero de ajedrez. Así que cosas han pasado en tu vida en diferentes momentos, y obviamente te ocurrieron, y no tienes que estar definido por ellas. Por ejemplo, en lugar de verte a ti mismo como: "Estoy destrozado, me pasó esto y estoy destrozado", ayudas al paciente a verse como: "Estoy bien, soy estudiante, soy amigo, soy hijo, soy hija. Me pasó esto, fue una experiencia. Me siento bastante mal por ello, y aun así soy todas estas otras cosas". Estamos tratando de ayudar a no sobreaferrarse a un solo evento. Eres más que la suma de tus recuerdos y la suma de los eventos que han ocurrido en tu vida. Otro proceso muy importante son los valores. Y ACT es, en cierto sentido, una terapia guiada por valores. Así que, ayudas a tus pacientes a descubrir qué es lo que les importa. ¿Qué les ayuda a despertarse en la mañana? Y escucha, a veces perdemos el rumbo, ¿cierto?, de aquello que nos importa, especialmente si has estado sintiéndote deprimido por un par de años. Tenemos pacientes que no sienten realmente interés por las cosas en este momento. Pueden decirte directamente que no hay nada que les emocione en su vida. No hay nada que les importe. Solo quieren rendirse. Hay mucho trabajo involucrado en eso, y tenemos que ayudar a nuestros pacientes a descubrir, de acuerdo, cuando estás haciendo algo que encuentras significativo o que disfrutas, ¿qué es lo que estás haciendo? Tenemos que ser ingeniosos con nuestras preguntas para llegar a los valores para ellos, para ayudarlos a reconocer qué es lo que encuentran significativo en la vida. Y el último, el sexto, sería la acción comprometida, que es exactamente lo que parece. Ayudamos a nuestros pacientes a encontrar acciones pequeñas, sostenibles y alcanzables en las que puedan involucrarse. Y se trata de pensar en la dirección de su valor. Todo va junto, si eso tiene sentido. Estos seis procesos diferentes van juntos en este marco que es ACT. - Excelente resumen. Y vamos a profundizar en algunos de esos principios específicos también. Quiero preguntarte sobre la flexibilidad psicológica. Escuchamos ese término a menudo asociado con ACT. ¿Qué significa y cómo encaja en el modelo ACT? - Sí, sí, esa es una gran pregunta. Muy bien, voy a retroceder un poco. ACT se fundamentó cuando Steve Hayes lo creó. Lo fundamentó en la teoría del marco relacional. Y esto es básicamente investigación sobre el lenguaje y la cognición, ¿bien? Y este marco intenta entender cómo nosotros, como humanos, damos sentido a las cosas. Cómo creamos significado. Una simple palabra puede tener significado por sí misma, una emoción, un sonido. Le damos significado a las cosas. Lo que nos permite atribuir significado es el lenguaje, ¿cierto? Así que, como podemos hablar, así es como somos diferentes de otros animales, ya que podemos dormir, también podemos rumiar, ¿verdad? Estamos pensando en cosas y pensando en cosas. Y la ACT considera la psicopatología como resultado de la interacción entre el lenguaje y nuestra tendencia a rumiar, ¿de acuerdo? Básicamente, esta teoría cree que entramos en sufrimiento porque estamos pensando en las cosas, les estamos dando vueltas y vueltas en la cabeza. El dolor es inevitable. Todos vamos a sentir dolor en algún momento, pero el sufrimiento podría evitarse, pero nosotros, como humanos, por el lenguaje, quedamos atrapados. Cuando el lenguaje se interpone, creamos estas reglas, ¿cierto? De las que hablaba antes. Decimos: "No puedo hacer esto porque soy tímido". "Soy madre, por lo tanto, no tengo tiempo para cuidarme". Hay todas estas reglas que inventamos. Esas reglas crean inflexibilidad psicológica en nosotros. Nuestro comportamiento está dictado por esas reglas. Así que, en ACT, estás tratando de crear es que estás tratando de que tus pacientes estén plenamente presentes en el momento presente. Y en el momento, dependiendo de la situación que esté ocurriendo, el paciente puede decidir si persiste con el comportamiento o si cambia el comportamiento según sus valores. Eso es la flexibilidad psicológica. Básicamente, en otras palabras, la flexibilidad psicológica es la capacidad de decidir basándose en estar en el momento presente. Estás presente, estás aquí justo ahora. En el momento, puedes decidir si quieres continuar tu comportamiento o cambiarlo según lo que esté pasando en el momento y también según tus valores. Y es flexibilidad porque puedes pivotar. Estamos tratando de ayudar a nuestros pacientes a pivotar. Pueden quedarse y hacer lo mismo si quieren, eso está bien. A veces no estamos listos para cambiar, pero si estás listo para hacer algo diferente, la capacidad de pensar en una alternativa y luego elegir una acción diferente, eso es flexibilidad psicológica. Y la meta de ACT es esa, ayudar a nuestros pacientes a llegar a un punto de flexibilidad para que puedan vivir una vida con significado, basada en las cosas que les importan. - Mencionaste al inicio que te formaste primero en la terapia cognitivo-conductual. Y quiero preguntarte sobre la distinción entre ACT y TCC. Según tengo entendido, ACT no está pensado para reemplazar la TCC. ¿Es correcto decir que está ahí para complementarla? - Es curioso porque a algunos de mis estudiantes les digo: "Muy bien, imagina que la TCC, terapia cognitivo-conductual, y la terapia dialéctico-conductual decidieron combinarse". Veo a ACT como el producto de esas dos. Creo que están muy bien conectadas. Y puedes apoyarte en cada una, dependiendo de tu formación. Una terapeuta de TDC puede usar ACT fácilmente, así como un terapeuta de TCC, y viceversa, pero, muy bien, la TCC pone un enorme énfasis en la reducción de síntomas. Vamos a descubrir qué puedes hacer para sentir menos ansiedad. Disminuyamos tus síntomas de depresión. Y gran parte del trabajo consiste en identificar esos pensamientos que no son útiles. Con nuestros adolescentes en los programas, a eso, uh, le llamamos "pensamiento retorcido". Con adultos, a veces decimos "distorsiones cognitivas". Estás tratando de identificar esos pensamientos que se interponen en que hagas cosas. En ACT, no estamos tratando de reducir los síntomas. Y esto es lo que más valoro absolutamente de esta terapia. No estás tratando de reducir la ansiedad, no estás tratando de reducir la depresión. Estás tratando de vivir tu vida en el contexto y en la presencia de estos sentimientos, de estos síntomas, lo cual me parece muy poderoso. Lo otro es que los pensamientos que son, digamos, poco útiles, se ven solo como eventos que están en tu mente. Estás teniendo estos pensamientos y lo único que tratamos de hacer es ayudar en tu relación con los pensamientos. No hay un "reformulemos este pensamiento", como en TCC, reformulemos el pensamiento, digámoslo de otra manera para que tenga menos impacto. En la ACT, es más bien como si estuvieras pensando así. Eso es todo. No tiene por qué decidir tu comportamiento. Solo lo estás pensando. Además, sabes, la TCC, en cierto modo, ve los pensamientos particularmente poco útiles como algo que corregir, como algo que cambiar. ACT lo ve como algo que tener y aceptar. En TCC, intentas manejar las emociones de algún modo. Averigüemos cómo sentir esto menos. En ACT, estás tratando de aceptar lo que surge. Estás tratando de estar abierto a la experiencia. Así que, es un poco diferente. Y la razón por la que para mí, en su momento, encajó y tuvo sentido, fue porque esto fue hace, no sé, hace 20 años, cuando teníamos pacientes que decían cosas como: "Mis padres, mi mamá, mi papá, simplemente no me aman. Son muy crueles conmigo. No me aman". Y pasábamos muchísimo tiempo tratando de cambiar esos pensamientos y diciendo: "Bueno, ¿cómo puedes decirlo de otra forma?" Estrategias para encontrar evidencia en contra y a favor del pensamiento. Sabes, pasábamos todo el tiempo haciendo esto. Y a veces conocíamos a los padres, y yo conocía a los padres y pensaba: "Muy bien, creo que están haciendo lo mejor que pueden". Y también creo que tal vez la manera en que expresan su amor no es recibida como amor por este paciente. Así que este paciente, no creo que esté equivocado en su pensamiento. Y si nos enfocamos en eso, no vamos a ayudarles a avanzar. Entonces, fue por esa época cuando me presentaron ACT, y pensé que era increíble, si pudiéramos trabajar con los niños diciéndoles: "Muy bien, tal vez tus padres simplemente no van a darte lo que necesitas en este momento, ¿cómo podemos ayudarte aun así?" Ten amigos que sean sanos, amistades que sean sanas, involucrarte en la escuela, tomar decisiones que tengan sentido según tus metas. ¿Cómo podemos hacer todo esto incluso si no estás recibiendo lo que necesitas de tus padres en este momento? Ahí fue cuando mi mente explotó y me enamoré absolutamente de ACT y decidí dedicarme a ello como terapeuta. Pero sí, hay diferencias y creo que puedes integrarlo, puedes trabajar con ambos juntos. Para mí, ACT es mi marco, y luego, me apoyo en la TCC y en la TDC. - Bueno, me encanta tu pasión, que se nota en cada respuesta a mis preguntas sobre ACT. Quiero preguntarte sobre algunas de las ideas equivocadas alrededor de ACT, porque imagino que hay muchas, incluyendo el hecho de que algunas personas podrían decir: "Espera, ¿esto se trata de adoptar un enfoque pasivo y aceptar todo y resignarse a estos diversos desafíos?" No, eso no es de lo que se trata ACT. ¿Por qué no lo aclaras? - Sí, sí, sí, absolutamente. Lo he escuchado. Y da miedo, da miedo. A veces, cuando hablas con tus pacientes sobre aceptar lo que está ahí, da miedo, ¿cierto? Especialmente si has estado sintiendo dolor, si has estado sintiendo mucha desesperanza, es realmente difícil porque les suena como: "Esto es todo. Acéptalo o déjalo, esta es tu vida". Suena a resignación. Y creo que es importante que un terapeuta de ACT enfatice que aceptación no significa que te estás rindiendo o que te estás resignando a tener una vida dictada por lo que está ocurriendo en el momento. Se trata básicamente de no controlar más la experiencia. Hacemos mucho esfuerzo tratando de controlar o evitar. Quiero sentir dolor, pero solo esta cantidad de dolor, o estoy dispuesto a sentir ansiedad, sí, pero solo esta cantidad, o solo que aparezca en esta área de mi vida. Aceptar es más como: "Muy bien, hay dolor, hay ansiedad, y no voy a tratar de evitarlo más". Y cuando enfatizamos la aceptación, creo que es importante que nuestros pacientes sepan que eso no significa que no van a trabajar duro. Recuerda que es una combinación de muchos factores que usamos en ACT. Es aceptar la experiencia que están teniendo, la ansiedad, la tristeza, y elegir comportamientos en la dirección de tus valores. Así que no eres pasivo. Es mucho trabajo, es difícil, porque tienes que comprometerte a hacer cosas en la dirección de lo que te importa. Si fuera pasivo, probablemente dirías algo como: "Muy bien, estoy ansioso. Me voy a quedar dentro, en mi casa, sin salir nunca porque estoy muy asustado". Eso no es aceptación. Aceptación es: "Estoy aterrorizada, y mi estómago está hecho un nudo, y estoy sudando, y siento que me voy a morir, y voy a dar este paso fuera de mi casa ahora mismo porque quiero ser una buena abuela y el cumpleaños de mi nieto es hoy y esto es importante para mí, y voy a dar un paso fuera de la casa". Y luego das otro, y sientes los síntomas en tu cuerpo, y aceptas que están ahí, pero no están dictando tu comportamiento. Es muy importante que hagamos esa distinción. Lo otro es que no estamos ignorando los síntomas en ACT. No estamos tratando de reducir tus síntomas. Ese no es el objetivo, pero los síntomas mejorarán cuando estés abordando otras cosas. No es eso, otra cosa que he oído, que: "Oh, solo estás ignorando la ansiedad". No estamos ignorando la ansiedad ni ningún síntoma que aparezca. Seguimos abordándolo, pero de una manera diferente. Los síntomas serán aliviados. Alguien más dijo también: "Sabes, en ACT hay mucha atención plena. Es solo atención plena". No es solo atención plena. Obviamente, estamos tratando de que la gente practique ACT. Descubrimos, redescubrimos o reconocemos nuestros valores, ¿cierto? Así que, no es solo atención plena; es la conexión de todas esas cosas diferentes lo que nos lleva a ir y vivir una vida que valga la pena básicamente. - Vamos a profundizar ahora en algunas de las estrategias prácticas para los clínicos que buscan aplicar ACT en su trabajo. Mencionaste la difusión, cambiar cómo nos relacionamos con nuestros pensamientos. ¿Puedes hablar un poco sobre esa práctica y cómo ayudas a tus pacientes a practicarla? - Sí, la difusión cognitiva puede ser una de mis favoritas, las estrategias que entran en esta categoría pueden ser de mis favoritas. Así que la difusión es, supongo, una práctica o el objetivo de lograr que nuestros pacientes reconozcan que sus pensamientos son solo pensamientos, ¿cierto? No tienen que decirte quién eres, no tienen que decirte qué puedes y qué no puedes hacer. ACT utiliza muchas metáforas diferentes, y una de ellas me viene a la mente... Ahora, escucha, tenemos que decir esto desde ya. Obviamente necesitamos el compromiso de nuestros pacientes. Nada puede ocurrir si tu paciente no está listo. Y si nuestro paciente no está listo, hay otras estrategias que podemos usar. Me viene a la mente la entrevista motivacional, muy útil cuando queremos generar una conversación sobre el cambio. Estamos asumiendo ahora que nuestro paciente está listo para empezar a hacer algo o está listo para participar en el tratamiento. Así que, cuando se trata de difusión, una de las estrategias que utilizo a menudo es imaginar que estás conduciendo un autobús y vas a, no sé, a cualquier lugar, la biblioteca. Y tienes pasajeros en tu bus, y algunos de los pasajeros son ruidosos y desagradables. Dicen cosas que dan miedo, como: "Vas a estrellar el autobús, vamos a tener un accidente. Es aterrador". Otros dicen cosas sobre ti, como: "¿Por qué hiciste eso hoy?" "Le pareces esto y lo otro a tu jefe". Ya sabes, voces que no ayudan en nada. Y sabes, todos tenemos pasajeros en nuestro autobús, y nuestro autobús puede ser nuestra mente. Y eso no significa que tengamos que detener el autobús. Seguimos queriendo ir a la biblioteca. Podemos ir a la biblioteca incluso si tenemos a esas personas ruidosas en nuestro autobús diciendo cosas sobre cómo nos sentimos o quiénes somos. Y cuando hacemos eso, ¿va a resolver todo? No, no lo hará, pero es una estrategia que en el momento puedes reconocer, ¿sabes qué? Estoy haciendo lo que me importa, aunque tengo a este pasajero ruidoso diciendo estas cosas sobre mí. Y eso es todo. Ese es el objetivo de esas estrategias. Otra que me viene a la mente y que me encanta hacer, especialmente en grupos con adolescentes, obviamente las cosas pueden salir mal, lo han hecho en el pasado, pero hay dos cosas que hacemos. Una es que elegimos una palabra que puede ser difícil, y en un grupo es un poco más difícil encontrar una palabra con la que todos estén de acuerdo. Obviamente con una persona va a ser más fácil, pero digamos que alguien dice la palabra "inútil". Y cada vez que escuchan la palabra "inútil", se sienten muy mal consigo mismos en el momento. Y digo: "De acuerdo, entonces digamos la palabra 'inútil' durante 30 segundos en voz alta, todos juntos, lo mejor que puedan. Diciendo cada sílaba lo más rápido que puedan, sin parar". Y pongo el temporizador. Y durante 30 segundos todos están diciendo: "Inútil, inútil, inútil". A los 30 segundos paramos. Siempre hay alguien que dice: "Oh, me siento peor, me siento más inútil". Está bien, las estrategias no son para todos, pero la mayoría de la gente acaba diciendo algo como: "Esa palabra perdió sentido a mitad de camino". "Me dolía la mandíbula, necesito beber agua. Me dio sed. Terminó siendo solo ruido. No tenía ningún significado". Eso es lo que quieres. - ¿Es esa la difusión? - Exacto, porque en ese momento ves la palabra como una combinación de letras y sonidos y deja de ser tan pesada, ¿verdad? Así que en ese momento, por un segundo, pudiste difuminar de esa palabra y el significado. Otra que es muy divertida, y de estas normalmente la gente se ríe, pero digo: "De acuerdo, entonces dame una frase que te desanime". Digamos que alguien quiere ir a una fiesta y realmente quiere darse a conocer. Digamos que es un chico de secundaria o alguien en el trabajo. Y es como ahora que nos estamos acercando o cuando nos acercamos a celebraciones importantes como festivos u otras celebraciones que la gente hace en eventos relacionados con el trabajo. De acuerdo, no quieres ir porque te da vergüenza porque tus colegas van a estar allí y te sientes cohibido, lo odias. Lo odias, no quieres ser criticado, no quieres llamar la atención sobre ti. Entonces, diría, en ese momento: "De acuerdo, ¿qué frase te viene a la mente que realmente te deprime?" Y tal vez el paciente dice algo como: "Pareceré un tonto o a la gente no le voy a agradar o la gente pensará que soy ridículo", lo que elija. Entonces haces que tu paciente cante esa frase con una melodía como la de "Cumpleaños feliz". Así que, cantan algo como, no sé... ♪ A la gente no le voy a gustar ♪ O algo así. Y la cantan con esa melodía. A veces lo intensifico un poco y digo: "Bien, ve al espejo y canta esto en el baño justo antes de tener que entrar a la fiesta o en tu carro, en el espejo, justo antes de tener que ir y empieza a cantar esto". Y lo que pasa siempre es que la gente se siente tonta, sonríen, piensan: "Oh, ¿por qué me hace mi terapeuta hacer esto? Es ridículo", pero en ese momento hubo una sonrisa, hubo una dirección, ¿verdad? Están como: "Ah, ¿por qué soy así?" Lo que digo en ese momento es: "Sal de tu carro y entra a esa fiesta. Esa es tu pausa, ¿verdad? En ese momento estás centrado, estás haciendo esa tontería, estás sonriendo, no estás prestando atención ni rumiando sobre esa frase. Sales del auto y vas y haces lo que valoras porque realmente quieres estar allí. Valoras las relaciones y simplemente estás muy asustado. Lo mismo para los adolescentes que regresan a la escuela, estas son algunas de las estrategias que puedes hacer en cualquier lugar. Y eso es lo que te permite. Te permite tener un poco de desapego de esa palabra que se siente tan pesada o de esa frase. - Eso tiene mucho sentido, y me encantan esos ejercicios. Hablemos sobre los valores. Sin duda, eso es una parte muy importante de este proceso, como nos has explicado. ¿Cómo ayudas a tus pacientes a identificar sus valores fundamentales? - Depende de la edad. Con los adolescentes, lo que hemos hecho... muchas veces es llevarlos un par de años atrás, digamos, cuando están muy tristes en tu consultorio y luchando o quizás en un programa, ¿cierto? Y puedes decir algo como: "Oye, ¿qué es lo que hacías hace un par de años que te encantaba y que quizás dejaste de hacer porque te sentías muy triste?" Muchas veces es algo como: "Oh, jugaba fútbol y era muy divertido pero empecé a preocuparme mucho por mi rendimiento y lo dejé". Así que, eso ayuda, pero a veces, especialmente como adulto, cuando han sido años sintiéndote triste, quizás te has ido alejando de la comunidad, de tu familia, lo que he hecho es que planteo preguntas como: "Imagina que tienes 80 y están celebrando una fiesta porque eres mayor y la gente se reúne y comparte cosas sobre ti. ¿Qué te gustaría que compartieran? ¿Como qué tipo de persona te gustaría ser recordado? ¿Qué te viene a la mente?" O: "La última vez que hiciste algo que fue muy significativo para ti, que realmente te sacó una sonrisa. ¿Qué estabas haciendo?" O: "Mira a tus amigos a tu alrededor o a alguien que respetas en el trabajo. ¿Cuáles son algunas de las cualidades que tiene que admiras?" Y ahí es donde empezaría a ver como: "Muy bien, entonces, ¿qué tipo de persona quieres ser?" Porque si lo piensas, lo otro que pasa con los valores es que los valores no son metas, ¿cierto? Es decir, un valor no es algo que puedas lograr. Puedes lograr una meta. Por ejemplo, voy a levantarme temprano mañana. Listo, lo logras. Un valor es más una dirección. Usualmente les digo a mis adolescentes, si estuvieras en un bote en medio del océano y está lloviendo y tienes una brújula, es aterrador, ¿cierto? O sea, está lloviendo, quizás estás solo en el bote, quizás no sabes qué va a pasar, pero tienes una brújula y sabes a dónde vas. Sabes si vas hacia el norte, vas hacia el sur, El problema es cuando perdemos la brújula, lo cual pasa a veces cuando estamos muy deprimidos, y aquí es donde haces el trabajo de valores, pero eso, eso es un valor. El valor es una brújula, es como que simplemente nos guía hacia algún lugar. Por ejemplo, si valoras la honestidad, nunca vas a poder decir: "Soy 100 % honesto todo el tiempo", porque siempre tendrás más días por vivir, más decisiones por tomar, más cosas por decir, pero la honestidad puede ser una fuerza que te guía. Eso es lo que son los valores. Así que, creo que, ya sabes, si quieres que sea un poco más concreta, existe esta actividad de ordenar valores que tienen en línea. Hay muchos recursos en línea, de hecho, para terapeutas que quieren encontrar actividades para hacer. Y, lo que hemos hecho en el pasado es que cortamos todas estas tarjetas y las volteamos y luego se las damos a los chicos, si quieres hacerlo un poco divertido, y ellos empiezan a voltear las tarjetas para ver, y solo para escuchar: "Oh, ¿me gusta esto? ¿Realmente me importa esto o no?" Luego les pides que elijan cinco que realmente les importen. Así es como empiezas cuando te has perdido un poco, sí. - Mencionaste una distinción clave entre valores y metas. Mi entendimiento es que con ACT, básicamente quieres traducir esos valores en metas de proceso o metas accionables. ¿Puedes hablar sobre ese proceso y por qué es tan clave para el enfoque ACT? - Sí, sí, sí, porque entonces ese es otro de los procesos de los que hablábamos antes, de los seis. Uno son los valores y el otro es la acción comprometida, y esos son básicamente los objetivos. Así que, con la acción comprometida, estás diciendo: "Esto es lo que estoy dispuesto a hacer, este es el pequeño paso", y siempre digo empieza con poco, empieza con poco, con algo que sabes que puedes hacer, que sea alcanzable, que sepas que puedes mantener. Digamos, quieres vivir una vida más saludable. Y ser saludable es un objetivo para siempre. Dices, que una de las cosas que reconoces, una de las cosas que no haces es que no tomas agua porque no te gusta cómo sabe. Y una meta pequeña, alcanzable y accionable podría ser, voy a tomar dos vasos de 16 onzas de agua por día. Y eso es algo que puedes hacer. Y eso es algo pequeño que puedes medir, que puedes sostener. Y esa es la meta que está relacionada con nuestros valores. Así que esa es una acción comprometida relacionada con los valores de ACT. - Tiene mucho sentido. Quiero preguntarte sobre algunas consideraciones prácticas para usar ACT clínicamente. ¿Puede usarse ACT, por ejemplo, puede incorporarse en evaluaciones iniciales del paciente o en entrevistas de admisión? - Por supuesto, absolutamente. O sea, tan pronto como tú... y esto es lo que haces cuando conoces a alguien, esto es lo que haces para comenzar a imaginar su plan de tratamiento. Y cuando intentas conocer a alguien, inmediatamente empiezas a preguntarle sobre las cosas en las que participa, las actividades que realiza, las relaciones que tiene, lo que le importa, ¿con quién solía tener una relación que ya no tiene? ¿La extraña, no la extraña? ¿A quién quiere de regreso en su vida? ¿Qué actividades quiere de regreso? Todo esto te lleva a los valores, ¿cierto? Creo que tener una buena idea de lo que a la gente le importa es un gran punto de partida. No es que sea la única forma de empezar, pero eso es lo que genera tracción, creo, en la terapia, ¿verdad? Porque si no hay nada que te importe, ¿cómo vamos a lograr hagan ejercicios de atención plena, por ejemplo? Tiene que haber algo de eso ahí. Inmediatamente cuando comienzas a conocer a alguien, puedes obtener un poco esta idea de sus valores, qué es lo que extraña, qué ha estado haciendo, te haces una idea de cómo ha sido su vida últimamente. ¿Se está aislando por completo? ¿Qué tan probable es que tome acción? ¿Cuáles son las ideas que tiene sobre sí mismo? Y aquí es donde llegas al "yo como contexto" y a la difusión cognitiva o la fusión cognitiva, que es lo contrario; es decir, ¿cómo se ven a sí mismos y qué tan apegados están a esas identidades, por ejemplo? Así que, creo que, cuando ves la vida, honestamente incluso como persona, no como terapeuta, como cualquiera, cuando ves la vida a través de la lente de ACT, siento que la organiza un poco diferente. Así que siempre puedes estar usando esto cuando te comunicas con tus pacientes, incluso si es al inicio de la evaluación, incluso si estás haciendo una evaluación de seguridad o si estás haciendo el plan de tratamiento e implementación, sí. - Tengo un par de preguntas de seguimiento sobre los valores en lo que compartiste acerca de cómo intentar ayudar a tus pacientes a determinar cuáles podrían ser esos valores. Los valores son profundamente culturales. ¿Cómo navegas las diferencias culturales al facilitar este trabajo sobre valores? - Esa es una muy buena pregunta. Y compartiré, compartiré algo contigo que creo que ejemplifica esto, pero, como terapeutas, siempre se nos anima a hacer terapia nosotros mismos, ¿verdad? Y estamos tratando, como terapeutas, de siempre desestigmatizar el proceso. Por supuesto, he estado en terapia en diferentes momentos y en distintos puntos de mi vida. Y recuerdo claramente a un terapeuta del que estaba hablando, un miembro de mi familia en ese momento, cuando las cosas estaban difíciles. Y el comentario de este terapeuta fue algo como: "Bueno, ¿para qué los necesitas en tu familia? Podrías simplemente cortar esa relación". Y en ese momento, me quedé pasmada. Pensé: "Espera, ni siquiera sabes lo importante que es esta relación para mí". Culturalmente, nunca podría dejar ir una relación con un familiar. Y entonces pensé: "¿Acaso me conoces?" Eso me impactó mucho en ese momento. Y, por supuesto, hubo una gran ruptura en la relación en ese momento, pero estás señalando un punto importante. Como clínicos, no podemos asumir que sabemos lo que es mejor para nuestros pacientes, ¿verdad? Tienes que conocer a tu paciente. Así que cuando haces este trabajo preliminar del que estábamos hablando, aprendes sobre los valores de tu paciente y cuánto les importan aquellos valores que tienen cerca del corazón. Tal vez estén listos para dejar ir un poco, tal vez no. Tienes que tomar un enfoque de abajo hacia arriba con eso. Es decir, trabajas con ellos. No les impones tus valores, no presumes de entender su cultura, su trasfondo. Preguntas, te mantienes curioso y amable durante todo el proceso y sigues su liderazgo. Y si para ellos, esta relación es realmente importante y digamos, no les está haciendo bien, emocionalmente, los ayudas a descubrir cómo pueden mantenerse fieles a ese valor y trabajar en otros aspectos de su vida para recuperar algo de control, digamos, o sentirse un poco mejor respecto a otras cosas. Pero es profundamente cultural y creo que si abordamos el tema con humildad, creo que nos guiaría y nos llevaría muy lejos. Creo que esa es una frase, "nos llevaría muy lejos", pero sí, creo que nunca podemos asumir dónde se encuentran nuestros pacientes. Nunca podemos asumir lo que algo significa para ellos. Por eso preguntamos y somos cuidadosos y amables. Ese sería mi consejo. Es realmente importante. - Gran consejo, y gracias por compartir esa historia personal. Creo que eso realmente refuerza parte del punto también. Anticipaste mi próxima pregunta, que es el desafío de no imponer tus propios valores en el trabajo de ACT con tus pacientes. Me imagino que, con las mejores intenciones, todavía es algo difícil de manejar porque todos tenemos nuestros propios valores. Puede que ni siquiera nos demos cuenta de que de alguna manera estamos superponiéndolos sobre nuestros pacientes. ¿Puedes hablar un poco para los clínicos que están en nuestra audiencia, sobre cómo intentas detectarte a ti misma haciéndolo? - Sí, lo que diría es, bueno, tiendo a ser muy honesta y muy directa con lo que estoy pensando. Y digamos, estás en medio de una sesión y dicen algo que realmente te sorprende y va casi en contra de tu propio valor o de lo que no esperabas que fueran a decir y tienes algún tipo de reacción. Lo asumiría en el momento y diría algo como: "Lo siento mucho. Mis propios puntos de vista se interpusieron aquí. Estaba pensando que tal vez tú eras X, Y, Z, y lamento haber hecho esa suposición. Por favor, cuéntame más sobre tal, tal, tal". Eso es lo que diría, eso es lo que haría en el momento, si sucediera en el momento. Y si no es en el momento, justo antes de entrar en la sesión, ¿verdad? Es decir, si estoy trabajando con alguien de una cultura que no me es familiar, incluso si lo es, pero si voy a abordar algo que sé que va a ser culturalmente relevante o muy relacionado con la identidad. Porque hay otras áreas de identidad que son importantes, no solo el trasfondo cultural. Antes de comenzar la sesión, simplemente me sentaría y pensaría: "Bien, ¿tengo ya algún pensamiento sobre esto? ¿Tengo alguna noción preconcebida? ¿Creo ya que hay algo que él o ella o ellos deberían estar haciendo al respecto?" Y luego, me revisaría a mí misma, porque ya lo había tomado en cuenta, ¿verdad? Y entonces, simplemente sería muy consciente en el momento, estando presente, ¿verdad? Es decir, haría mi propio ACT en el momento. Estoy consciente, escuchando lo que están diciendo, descubriendo mi próxima pregunta. Eso es lo que haría. - Y me encanta cómo lo relacionaste antes con la humildad, que es una cualidad maravillosa. cómo medir el progreso, porque esto puede ser difícil, me imagino, con ACT, ya que los resultados a menudo implican cambios en la flexibilidad más que la eliminación de los síntomas. ¿Cómo logras poner alguna medida alrededor de eso? - Todo se reduce a cómo estás viviendo. ¿Estás haciendo las cosas que te importan? Por ejemplo, alguien que me viene a la mente, una paciente, mujer mayor en sus 80, que está lidiando con muchos síntomas de depresión, un poco de ansiedad, y realmente quiere volver a integrarse en la comunidad. Solía hacer mucho trabajo voluntario y lo extraña, pero todos estos síntomas se lo impiden. Así que con ACT, identificamos, ¿cuáles son algunas cosas concretas que puedes hacer mañana? Así de pronto puede ser. No tiene que ser el próximo mes, puede ser mañana o esta semana, y luego voy a volver y reportar. Entonces, ¿qué vas a hacer mañana? Cuando han elegido estas acciones para los próximos días, cuando haces seguimiento con ellos, ves cómo se sienten respecto a la vida que vivieron la última semana. Ahí es donde estaría el progreso. Probablemente todavía se sientan ansiosos, probablemente aún se sientan tristes, solo ha pasado una semana, pero tal vez hicieron tres o cuatro cosas que les importan, y eso es lo que vas a observar. Es decir, ¿cómo se sintió al presentarse en el banco de alimentos y ver a tus amigos de antes y realmente, ayudar a estas personas? ¿Cómo se sintió hacer esa llamada telefónica que habías estado evitando por tanto tiempo? Ese es el progreso que queremos ver. - Excelente, en el tiempo que nos queda, Fairlee, quiero preguntarte un poco sobre algunas estrategias para quienes no son clínicos. A menudo tenemos cuidadores en nuestra audiencia, por ejemplo. ¿Cómo podrían aplicar algunas de estas técnicas de ACT con las personas a su cargo? - ¿Con sus clientes o con las personas a su cargo? ¿De qué terapias estamos hablando? - No, cuidadores, más como mamá o papá, cuidando de mamá o papá, o quizás un profesional que no sea clínico, sino alguien que simplemente está en la práctica de ayudar a otras personas que están pasando por desafíos. Así que, quizás menos basado en psicología, sino más en términos de ayudar a alguien a superar un desafío. ¿Se puede aplicar de alguna manera ACT en ese entorno? - Sí, sí. Una de mis hijas me vino a la mente. Y estoy segura de que como padres, a menudo enfrentamos este desafío, donde hay cosas difíciles que nuestros hijos necesitan hacer y tienen miedo de hacerlas porque simplemente sienten que no quieren hacer el ridículo frente a otros compañeros o no quieren intentar algo nuevo. Entonces, en ese momento, diría que les ayudamos a ver, como, ¿cuánto te importa esto? Porque si realmente no les importa, honestamente, hay una parte de mí que piensa, está bien, tal vez no es ahí donde necesitamos poner nuestro esfuerzo. Descubre, ¿cuánto te importa esta cosa en particular? ¿Cuánto realmente quieres mejorar al hablar en público? ¿Cuánto realmente quieres mejorar al lanzar cuando estás jugando sóftbol? ¿Cuánto, exactamente? Y si la respuesta es algo como: "Realmente me importa, realmente quiero ver de qué soy capaz", entonces es cuando dices: "Está bien, esto va a ser realmente difícil". Así que reconoces el sentimiento, lo validas, ¿verdad? Aquí es donde también entra en juego el TDC. Dices algo como: "Realmente te vas a sentir mal por esto", o: "Vas a sentir mucha ansiedad", o: "Te vas a sentir inadecuado en ese momento". Y eso está bien. Eso es solo el pensamiento que estás teniendo. Así que lo que vas a hacer es que vas a estar pensando: "Eso es solo un pensamiento. Necesito darlo todo para ver qué pasa". Y luego vas y lo haces. Así que, diría, esto es algo que hago con mis amigos también, ¿verdad? Es como lo hago conmigo misma. Diría que cualquiera de nosotros puede hacerlo. A veces, tenemos que hacer cosas difíciles. Y hacer esas cosas difíciles y experimentar las cosas que van a surgir mientras hacemos esas cosas difíciles va a estar bien. Va a tener sentido si nos importa el resultado o hacia dónde queremos ir. Así que, y si no estás allí, está bien. Siempre les doy a mis amigos la opción también, como a mí misma. Es decir, ¿sabes qué? Tal vez esto no sea importante hoy. Está bien, no voy a hacer esta única cosa, pero es realmente importante que sigamos desafiándonos, que no tengamos miedo de sentir esas emociones incómodas, porque nos importan los resultados, ya sabes, después. - ¿Encuentras que a medida que ACT sigue evolucionando, se está utilizando más y más fuera de la clínica también? La autoayuda, por ejemplo, como has mencionado, ya sea en la crianza de los hijos. Me parece que es un marco bastante adaptable, como alguien ajeno a él, para la vida cotidiana. - Absolutamente. Absolutamente. Se ha usado en salones de clase. Y ha llevado a, digamos, una mejora del comportamiento en los salones. Se ha usado en la crianza. Conduce a un mejor comportamiento, como un aumento del comportamiento positivo en los niños. Podemos usarlo en cualquier lugar, para ser honesta. Por eso me encanta ACT, ¿verdad? Porque se basa en lo que nos importa. Y creo que con un poco de trabajo, podemos lograr que cualquiera descubra qué es lo que nos importa ahora mismo. No significa que nos vaya a importar lo mismo en cinco años. Cambiamos, siempre estamos cambiando, pero, ahora mismo, ¿qué es lo que te importa? Y entonces reconoces, ¿cuánto te importa realmente esto? Y entonces descubres, ¿qué estoy dispuesto a hacer? Hay una acción comprometida. ¿Qué estoy dispuesto a hacer? ¿Qué me mantiene aquí? ¿Qué me mantiene atrapado? Tus pensamientos, probablemente, te están manteniendo atrapado. Así que haces este trabajo. Y siento que podemos aplicarlo a cualquier cosa. Podemos aplicarlo a cualquier cosa porque no se trata de sentir menos ansiedad, no se trata de sentir menos tristeza, no se trata de no experimentar dolor. Hay personas con dolor crónico que todos los días experimentan altos niveles de dolor, que han llegado a un punto en el que están viviendo una vida que vale la pena vivir en presencia de su dolor. Quiero decir, ¿qué puede ser más poderoso que eso, verdad? Siento que hay formas muy pequeñas de aplicar esto todos los días, ¿verdad? Como cosas que no queremos hacer. No quiero hacer ejercicio. Me siento muy cansado al final del día. Y sé que me inscribí en esta carrera que se acerca. Voy a hacer solo 10 minutos. Te pones un pequeño objetivo medible, 10 minutos de correr, y me voy a sentir muy orgullosa. Podemos usar los principios de ACT en todas partes, sí. - Y con eso, quiero concluir preguntándote sobre tus recursos favoritos que podríamos compartir con nuestros oyentes y espectadores también. Y quizás podamos desglosarlo para clínicos y para quienes no son clínicos. ¿Tienes libros favoritos u otros recursos que recomendarías, empecemos con los clínicos, a los que los señalarías? - Sí, para los clínicos, de hecho, busqué el nombre aquí. Tengo un libro que se llama "Valores en Terapia", y me ha resultado muy útil. Así que recomendaría ese para los clínicos, así como, espera, el sitio web contextualscience.org y psychologytools.com. Tienen una gran cantidad de hojas de trabajo diferentes que tienen mucho sentido. El libro "Sal de tu mente y entra en tu vida" es casi como una guía de autoayuda paso a paso. Siento que es bueno para los clínicos. Lo compré como clínica, pero siento que también podría hacerlo como alguien que quiere probar ACT en casa. Se llama "Sal de tu mente y entra en tu vida". Luego también está este libro, "La alegría de ser padres", escrito por un par de personas muy conocidas en esta área. Y también Stuff that Sucks, que es un libro de ACT amigable para adolescentes. Es realmente bueno. Y también hay algunos, hay un ACT para educadores en línea. Tienen un par de cursos que también puedes usar allí. Y creo que, en la vida cotidiana, esto es algo que trato de hacer. No voy a decir que soy muy buena en esto porque mi mente también, puede causarme problemas y a veces me deja atrapada, pero programar pausas durante el día, por ejemplo, últimamente en el otoño, estaba haciendo esto en el otoño, cada vez que veía un árbol con hojas amarillas o naranjas, me recordaba a mí misma en ese momento que debía respirar. Así que respiraba profundamente y luego me decía: "¿Cómo me siento ahora mismo? ¿Dónde estoy ahora mismo?" Y cuanto más practicamos estas pausas conectándonos con nosotros mismos en el momento, más fácil será en momentos donde tenemos que tomar una decisión o hacer una acción que es difícil, va a ser más fácil conectarnos con nosotros mismos y decir: "Bien, ¿estoy lista para hacer esta acción y hacer esto que sé que va a ser bueno para mí? ¿O tiene sentido continuar haciendo esto o debería pivotar?" Cuanto más practiques esto, como estar en el momento, mejor va a ser. Hay muchas estrategias de atención plena en todas partes, pero para mí tener, una señal visual que me recuerde que debo respirar y concentrarme, así es como lo llamo, me ha resultado muy útil. ¿Qué más? También cuando estoy trabajando con niños o adultos, en realidad, que están teniendo muchos pensamientos diferentes todo el tiempo, digo algo como: "¿Alguna vez has visto un pequeño arroyo que solo lleva hojas, como hojas de otoño en el arroyo, y simplemente fluyen por el arroyo?" La mayoría de las veces la respuesta es que sí. Entonces digo: "Está bien, entonces, ¿qué tal si practicas a veces ver tus pensamientos como eso? Como: "Oh, ahí va otro. Estoy pensando que soy demasiado estúpida. Ahí va. Ahora estoy pensando que soy demasiado, no sé, nunca voy a sacar una A en matemáticas". Ahí va, porque es solo un pensamiento, ¿verdad? Y tener el pensamiento, lo más poderoso que podemos enseñar a nuestros pacientes, creo, hay muchos, pero uno de ellos es que tener un pensamiento no significa que necesitemos actuar sobre él. Podemos hacer que nuestro comportamiento sea diferente de nuestro pensamiento. Y especialmente cuando tenemos pensamientos de ansiedad todo el tiempo, eso es muy poderoso. Todavía puedo levantar la mano cuando pienso que soy estúpida, ¿sabes? Bueno, esas son algunas cositas rápidas. - Un buen momento para concluir. Y Fairlee, apreciamos mucho tu tiempo. Hemos hablado de muchos temas. - Lo hicimos. - Y como siempre, apreciamos mucho tu tiempo y tu experiencia. Gracias. - Por supuesto. DECONSTRUYENDO EL ESTIGMA

- Values and Committed Actions in ACT: Kind: captions Language: en The ACT Hexagon Model is traditionally used to introduce practitioners to Acceptance and Commitment Therapy. There are six essential components to the ACT approach and they’re integrated together to help build psychological flexibility. We have reviewed five of the six components so let’s turn to committed action now. In the last video where we discussed the lifetime achievement award as a way to work with clients for them to clarify their values, we ended by saying clarifying your values can help you move forward on important committed actions in your life. That is an essential understanding for ACT therapists. Clarifying your own personal values is necessary but it is critical to have those values lead to behavioral change. In ACT, committed action is behaving in the service of chosen values. Because ACT comes from the behavior therapy tradition, ACT therapists with the collaboration of their client are going to encourage behavioral change to make the individual have opportunities to respond differently in their world perhaps to persist at chosen actions related to what’s vital and meaningful in your life or to alter how you typically respond in clinically relevant situations. And the commitment is defined as action in the direction of what you care about even in the presence of obstacles. Let’s unpack that definition. A commitment is action. The word commitment is a noun but it’s the kind of noun that requires action. We want to see some kind of behavior happen if you are committed to something. When you’re committed to some kind of task, process or direction, you keep moving in that direction with your actions. And even if there is an obstacle coming up, you keep moving with your actions through that problem, over that problem, around or under that problem. Action is necessary to show that you are making a commitment. We also say that a commitment is in the direction of what you care about. Right there, we’re talking about values, what’s meaningful and purposeful in your life. You start to clarify or author for yourself these are the things that I care about and that is what motivates me to engage in these actions. And finally, the definition says a commitment happens even in the presence of obstacles. You continue acting in the direction of what you care about even if there’s some kind of problem, issue or some kind of obstacle that gets in the way. These obstacles can be emotions or distracting cognitions or self-denigrating thoughts or mindlessness. And hopefully, you can see that these obstacles are addressed by the different components of the ACT hexagon most notably acceptance, defusion, self-as- context and contacting the present moment. A commitment means you make a behavior change according to your values and accept, defuse, stay aware of your core self and contact the present moment in order to support such behavioral change. There are 3 key components in this video. One, clarifying values helps the client move forward on important committed actions in their life. Two, commitment is defined as action in the direction of what you care about even in the presence of obstacles. And three, in this definition, action is supported when the obstacles that impede commitment are helped by acceptance, contacting the present moment, self-as- contact work and defusion.

  Top Comments:
  1. @judy7276 [3 likes]: Great! Thank you
  2. @ajmarr5671 [1 likes]: ACT is right if you go a bit ‘Radical’!

Acceptance and Commitment therapy has been validated mainly through correlational studies between groups that use ACT and those that don’t, or ‘between group’ designs, that unfortunately leave a lot of room for debate for the relative efficacy of alternative therapies such as CBT and other talk therapies. Here is a validation from a ‘within’ subject (individual subject) design that reduces the concepts of acceptance and commitment to clearly defined response contingencies that are precisely mapped to bio-behavioral events, or a radical behaviorism. 

A Commitment to Values works, but best while in a resting or relaxed state. Here is why.

Positivity Simplified
Persistent positive or meaningful thinking in a resting state will increase pleasure and arousal, and avoid negative ideation that elicits opposing emotional states.

Positivity Explained
Any relaxation protocol from eyes closed rest to mindfulness is pleasurable, due to the release of endogenous opioids. If concurrent persistent positive or meaningful ideation occurs (meaning is defined as thinking of or doing actions that have branching novel positive implications, or virtual positive act-outcome contingencies), this induces a feeling of arousal as mediated by dopamine systems. Dopamine and opioid systems are synergistic, or when activated simultaneously reciprocally stimulate each other, causing feelings of greater pleasure and arousal, or ecstatic states. This explains why ‘loving kindness’ meditation, savoring, peak, or flow experiences that have rest as an entailment ‘feel’ different from resting states, yet nonetheless represent unremarkable and simple neural processes that can be explained and replicated with ease by anyone.

An Aside on ACT
This procedure may be termed ‘relaxation and commitment’ in contrast to ‘acceptance and commitment’, as relaxation protocols by design incorporate the avoidance of negative ideation or an ‘acceptance’ of the status quo. The difference is that the former derives from a radical or bio-behaviorism and maps response contingencies to observable behavior, while the latter are derived from inferred cognitive processes derived from a behavior analytic theory of language.
 
A formal explanation from a neurologically based learning theory or ‘radical behaviorism’ of this technique is provided on pp. 44-51 in a little open-source book on the psychology of rest linked below.  (The flow experience is discussed on pp. 81-86.) 
https://www.scribd.com/doc/284056765/The-Book-of-Rest-The-Odd-Psychology-of-Doing-Nothing
The Psychology of Rest, from the International Journal of Stress Management, and from the Journal ‘The Behavior Analyst Today’ by this author https://www.scribd.com/doc/121345732/Relaxation-and-Muscular-Tension-A-bio-behavioristic-explanation
https://www.scribd.com/document/16384355/Stress-and-the-Cinderella-Effect
More on Neurologically Grounded Learning Theory- Berridge Lab, University of Michigan  
https://www.scribd.com/document/447163649/Berridge-Reward-Learning-Incentives-and-Expectations  and The Psychology of Incentive Motivation and Affect (for a layman’s version)
https://www.scribd.com/document/495438436/A-Mouse-s-Tale-a-practical-explanation-and-handbook-of-motivation-from-the-perspective-of-a-humble-creature

- Do I Need Values Before Setting Goals? ACT FAQ for Therapists: Kind: captions Language: en This is ACT FAQ, where I answer some of your frequently asked questions. So, today's question is, do values need to be established before goals in therapy? I think this question was asked because it makes sense to work out the person's values and then come up with goals based on those values. So, the goals come from those values. However, what happens if the person is really struggling to come up with their values? Coming up with values isn't easy. It can be really hard and confusing and frustrating. They might be really fused with some self-stories and thoughts about themselves that they can't get away from yet because they don't have the skills. Or they might not be able to sit with discomfort and shift straight into experiential avoidance. It's going to be a very frustrating experience for both you, the therapist, and the client to constantly, session after session, beat away at trying to establish genuine, intrinsic values and not feeling you can move on until that's been done. But, I think we can address some initial goals without values, such as, our work together can be about helping you find other ways to handle this anxiety that is showing up for you. Yes, that might not be a smart goal and it's somewhat vague and not particularly well measurable, perhaps, but it starts a dialogue of working together toward a common goal. And I agree with Russ Harris here that learning a new skill is still a behavioral goal. A new skill is a new behavior. And in the spirit of that, we aren't talking about reducing anxiety or getting rid of anxiety. We are saying, let's look at different ways of handling it when it shows up. Then, once some diffusion skills have been introduced or acceptance skills, whatever works best, then values can be revisited and more behavioral, tangible goals can be established. Remember, the Hexaflex is a dance. All the processes are interlinked with each other. So, we can move around it flexibly. It doesn't have to be done in any set order. Don't set limiting rules for yourself by thinking values must come first. Take care, make life meaningful, and goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lolalisboa1: Hi, I am really struggling to find my values. What is the best way to find them, specially that I have failed at my most important values so I dont know if they were really my values or not.

- Rewiring the Anxious Brain: Neuroplasticity and the Anxiety Cycle: Anxiety Skills #21: Kind: captions Language: en So here is the amazing thing about your brain, it's made to rewire itself all the time. This is called neuroplasticity. Scientists used to think that after childhood our brain was pretty much locked in place, but now that we have better imaging technology, we can literally see how the brain changes depending on how we use it. So, in this video I'm going to talk about one very simple thing you can do to rewire your brain to be less anxious, and it is simple, but it's not easy. So I'm also going to share three steps you can take to make it happen, and share ten extra skill you can develop on your own, or with a therapist, to build up your ability to take control of your anxiety. And if you would like to learn more in depth information about how treat your anxiety, I've got a course on Udemy that I am working on called "Rewiring the anxious brain", so you can also check out that link in the description. So, let's start off with one example of neuroplasticity. In London the taxi drivers have this super difficult exam where they have to prepare by memorizing all of the streets and events and locations in this huge city. Researchers took images of their brain before they started studying, and after this two year process and they were literally able to see the new neural connections, the wiring that changed in the brain. And there's good evidence that changing how you think, like going to therapy, can actually change the structure of your brain and the types of chemicals that it's pumping out. Our brain has an amazing ability to rewire itself to learn, grow, and heal. So, let's talk about how to do that with anxiety. If we want to change how our brain processes anxiety, we need to understand three principles of anxiety. Number 1, we need to understand what is anxiety. Now, this may sound dumb, because you already know what anxiety feels like, but what you need to do is understand your perspective on anxiety. You need to let go of the idea that anxiety is "bad." Anxiety is not inherently bad. Anxiety is uncomfortable, some times anxiety is disordered,sometimes anxiety gets in the way, but we all experience anxiety because it is supposed to serve a really important function. To motivate us to avoid real danger. We're supposed to feel anxious when standing on a cliff edge, it helps us be safe. We're supposed to feel anxious when we know we have an important test coming up because that should motivate us to study. Anxiety tells us that something is important to us. Anxiety and excitement are basically the same chemical reaction in your body with adrenaline triggering that sympathetic activation and prepping you for action. When we look at anxiety as uncomfortable, but acceptable and a normal part of life, suddenly we develop new tools to work with it, and that includes working with the other type of anxiety. So, the second thing we need to understand is we need to understand disordered anxiety. And this is when anxiety seems to take over your life. This is anxiety that makes it hard to go to work, to school, or to enjoy life at all. And the harder you try to make it go away, the stronger and stronger it gets. Now, contrary to popular belief, that anxiety is disordered when it is more severe, anxiety is actually disordered when one of two things happen. When, number one, when you feel endanger when you are actually safe, and I made a video on this, it's called perceived vs. actual safety. For example I worked with a client who was afraid of radiators. She would feel anxious and sweaty around them and she couldn't make herself go into a room with a radiator in it, now radiators are not actually dangerous, but she was having a real, physiological response to something that was actually safe. So anxiety can be disordered when you have a "danger" response in your body, but you are actually safe. The second way anxiety can be disordered is when your anxiety interferes with your ability to function. This is essentially what determines if you meet the criteria for an anxiety disorder diagnosis. When your anxiety, or your attempts to avoid anxiety stop you from effectively facing life. When this happens you start avoiding school, or calling in sick to work. You stop leaving the house, or spending time with friends, pretty soon your anxiety is taking over your life and stopping you from doing the things you love. So lets talk about what causes anxiety to spiral out of control. This is called the anxiety cycle. Every day throughout our day we have experiences and we interpret these experiences as either being safe or dangerous. So let say for example you see a dog. Now, each person interprets an experience differently, for some people this would be extincting and fun, but for some reason you think, "that dog is going to bite me!" This leads to feelings of fear, anxiety, maybe even panic. These are uncomfortable feelings and you may even take them as a sign that your thoughts are true. So, you escape, you run away, you get outta there. And, Nothing bad happens. So your brain releases this surge of relief, "Whew! That was close! The only way I survived was because I ran away. I could have died!" And your brain thinks "I better do that again, I'm going to make make human avoid that situation by increasing their anxiety about it." And, vola! your anxiety goes up. Every single time that we avoid a threat and survive, our brain thinks, "Let's do that again." So it lays down neural pathways, this wiring that reinforces that behavior. And the whole function of emotions is to motivate us to action, but that's a whole other video. So our brain, because we have convinced it that the dog was a threat, it takes action into it's own hands and it increases you anxiety levels around dogs. Every time we feel anxiety, and then avoid the situation, our anxiety level will go up a notch. So this is principle number three, avoidance feeds disordered anxiety. It literally creates overwhelming anxiety. Now, there are lots of ways to avoid. There's running away, and physically avoiding, but there's also emotional avoidance, so if you have social anxiety, you might still go to the party, but only if you get drunk ahead of time, or you might be in a relationship, but scared of getting hurt, so you don't allow yourself to let the other person into your heart. you stay emotionally distant, or you protect your self by not committing. social media, anger, blame, distraction, and even "coping skills," can be avoidant. Regardless of the type of avoidance, it increases your anxiety and, even worse, it shrinks down your world. So with the dog example, you might start avoiding situations where a dog might be present, by not going to friend's homes, or skipping the park. And your world shrinks, you miss out on good relationships, or you stop going to parties. And your world gets more and more constrained. Avoidance can make your world small and scary and unhappy. But every time you get anxious and avoid something, and survive, your brain increases your anxiety in that area. Now, looking at this cycle, we have two places where we can intervene. Where we can stop that anxiety from spiraling out of control. The first place is with our actions. When we feel anxiety, but we are actually safe, if we stick with it, if we stay there, we experience our emotions and sensations with out running away, and again, if you do this, and you don't die, then your brain learns "whew! what a relief! I guess that not all dogs are dangerous, let's do that again!" And it sends out a surge of relief. This leads to a gradual decrease in anxiety over time, and a gradual increase in your emotional muscles, your ability to feel emotions and sensations that are uncomfortable, with out needing to escape them all the time. So you get better at feeling. As you do this your brain literally lays down new neuro pathways saying "not all dogs are dangerous, I don't need to be anxious around dogs." And it literally changes your brain chemistry, releasing less cortisol and adrenaline and other stress hormones. This is the most straight forward way to rewire your brain to have less anxiety. But, I get it, this is super hard. If it were easy, you would have already done it. So I'm going to break it down into three big steps for you. Now on a side note, the second place in this cycle to intervene is with your thoughts. Changing how you think about the dog. And this can be a powerful and effective treatment too, but it can also get really complicated. And it works best before your anxious, rather than during. Now I can talk about some of the ways you can change your thinking in other videos, but in this video we're going to talk about the most straight forward way to rewire your anxious brain and that's through your actions. So, how to do it. There are three steps. So step one, make an exposure hierarchy, I've made and entire video about this, but basically you take one thing that scares you and you break it down into teeny tiny steps, and you start by courageously facing the easiest one first. Now this is the part that most people miss. They jump in too fast and then they panic or the escape and they never do it again, and then that fear is reinforced. So make and exposure hierarchy and write down as many teeny little steps as you can think of. Step two, change your rules. Now, courage doesn't mean the absence of fear, but choosing that something is more important that avoiding fear. In acceptance and commitment therapy, this is called willingness. Allowing yourself to do something even though it makes you uncomfortable. If you make a rule for your self like, I'm going to do this until I get too anxious, then you brain will be like "cool, let's do that, then I can escape." So it will make you really anxious, and when we say "I'm going to do this thing unless in makes me anxious," then we are just inviting anxiety to make all of our decisions for us. So when it comes to exposure, you choose an easier activity to start with and then you stay with it and watch yourself for a certain amount of time, or until your anxiety decreases by half during the exposure. Now, while you're facing your anxiety and practicing your willingness, grounding activities, and self-regulation activities, this body-up approach to decreasing anxiety can be helpful. But the most important part is that you sit with your anxiety for a little while until it decreases, or at least for a certain set amount of time. Now, step three. Do it. Face it. Go get anxious and see if you survive. A little spoiler alert here, you will. So with the dog example, start be repeatedly imagining yourself interacting with a dog and you practice every day for ten minutes until that activity no longer makes you very anxious. And then you might want to work with a friend who has a dog to set up the nest steps. So you might see a dog through a window and just stay there and you sit with it and you breath with it and you allow your self to relax and you do this every day for ten minutes until your anxiety decreases. And then you practice being in the same room with a tiny dog on a leash, and the perhaps touching a tiny dog on a leash and then petting a tiny dog on a leash and eventually you are moving up to a bigger dog and the off a leash then eventually you get your self to the point where you can go to a dog park, sit down, and stay there for thirty minutes. It's ok it you feel anxious. It's ok if you feel uncomfortable or you sweat, or you shake, or whatever, but you just stick with it. And pretty soon your brain learns "It's cool, most dogs are safe, your ok." And your anxiety will decrease. Now again, you can do some physiological grounding activities while in the midst of your anxiety, but don't use those as another way to just avoid anxiety. Use those as a way to practice willingness. This willingness to feel what you are feeling and accept it as being normal, natural and ok. So there's the simple solution to anxiety. face your fears and they will decrease. This may seem too simple, or too impossible, too big of a leap, so therapist have devised a bunch of ways to break that leap down into a bunch of tiny steps, a bunch of skills that you can learn to make it easier. If you want to go more in depth into that let's do that. Let's talk about the more detailed process of how we do this. The specific skills that help us move from anxiety avoidance to power over our anxiety. Because I am trying to cram so much information into this topic, I've decided to split this video up in to two parts. So check out part two for the ten skills you can develop to help you face your fears. Gradual exposure therapy, which is what I just described, is a researched backed approached shown to help reduce anxiety and treat anxiety disorders. It does this because it literally changes the brain. Rewiring the neuro pathways and changing the release of chemicals in the brain. So make sure to check out my part two with those ten skills to help you face your fears and if you'd like to learn more in depth information about how to treat you anxiety, I've got a course on Udemy that I am working on it's call Rewiring the Anxious Brain, so you can also check out that link in the description. Now, please share this video, you never know who might benefit from it, thanks for watching and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jm45789 [2500 likes]: Great video! I am on a binge watching videos about neuroplasticity right now and this was an interesting and helpful approach to anxiety. Great work!
  2. @Houseofwisdom-1258 [31 likes]: 1. Stop overthinking when you're alone.
2. Sleep early and get up early 
3. Take sunlight for 20 minutes 
4. Speak with people 
5. Don't fight with anxiety 
6. Change your position when anxiety comes.
  3. @JohnTripp-z5t [1 likes]: Well my adrenaline gland must work well not good
  4. @JohnTripp-z5t [1 likes]: Didn't ask how to fix ? What do it feels as tho it's going to blow up
  5. @Kaylapeckham00: Ok but I have anxiety over health. Any new bodily sensations causes severe anxiety and panic. So sure I can stop avoiding dogs to stop being so anxious but I can’t avoid my body and its sensations.
  6. @maryanncerato-dominick: This was FANTASTIC!!!!  Thank you :)
  7. @Bibikkyuu: 7:29
  8. @Shamsarma-p9s: I have the dog scare and i avoid going to my brother’s house because of that, and avoid areas where there are dogs!
  9. @zacharyluckfly: Just a slave
  10. @Zer0saNd0nEs88: I'm always by a cliff and have a test coming up. I'm 39 and in a constant battle within myself and am really struggling with the rapid changes happening around me. I've become numb.
  11. @SaylorWorrell: When I have panic attacks it all seems to steam from me thinking I’m sick or dying . My dad had two strokes so it just makes me hyper alert on my body. And sometimes they’ll just start out of nowhere, I don’t know if it’s from thinking I’m sick or sowmthing I haven’t even thought of
  12. @mdh157: My anxiety is untenable.  It's health related and cannot be dealt with using normal techniques.  It eats at me every day.
  13. @MindFixYT-z7u: Thanks this literally helped me so much
  14. @MindFixYT-z7u: nice information dude
  15. @Serenclippity: don’t do this dog part with a potentially reactive dog though*** everybody and their sister has a pitbull out here
  16. @RohitMukhia-d2w: I past i had so many faced criticism, disappointed,n people like frds n people around me due to which I can't a le to do anything things like i get panic n old experience flooded my mind
  17. @teejay8258: I have recently realised that my anxiety is caused by uncertainty. Making a mistake is a huge trigger for my anxiety, but it is not the mistake that causes anxiety, because I can fix it, it is not know if I have made a mistake. Going through a tough time right now and literally scanning for potential problems. My anxiety is of course going to go into overdrive. Working on surrendering to the feelings of anxiety rather than eliminate them. Plus some mistakes I make will reach me, most won’t. Much better to deal with problems when they arise, rather than fighting something that is imagined.
  18. @Haledyne: Replace the “dog” with “ex”😂
  19. @duafatima3457: I have anxiety about my children growing up into bad adults
  20. @NOTHlNG: You sit down in a park, then a dog actually attacks you and it's back to square one...😅

- The 3 Brain Strategies That *Actually* Rewire Your Mind (Neuroscience Explained): Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how your brain can adapt and change throughout your life? What if I told you that the key to unlocking your brain's full potential lies in understanding neuroplasticity? In today's video, we'll explore how you can rewire your brain, enhancing your mental resilience and overall wellbeing. I'm Doctor Tracey Marks, a psychiatrist, and I help strengthen your mind and fortify your brain to build resilience. When you grasp how neuroplasticity works, you'll realize that change isn't just possible, it's within your control. And today is a deep dive on neuroplasticity. What is neuroplasticity? Neuroplasticity is your brain's ability to reorganize itself by forming new neural connections throughout your life. Think of it this way: Imagine you're walking through a forest and you take the same path every day. Over time, that path becomes more defined and easier to follow. Similarly, when you repeat certain thoughts or behaviors, you create well-worn pathways in your brain. The exciting part is you're not stuck with those pathways. Neuroplasticity means that you can always create new paths. And this ability is necessary for learning, personal growth, and building resilience. It's not just about recovering from brain injuries. It's about shaping your mind to adapt and thrive in the face of life's challenges. For decades, scientists believe that the brain's structure was fixed after childhood. But functional imaging has advanced, and newer research has shown that our brains continue to change and adapt well into adulthood. This shift from a fixed brain to a plastic brain model has revolutionized our understanding of brain function and mental health. There are two types of neuroplasticity: structural plasticity, and this involves changes to the brain's physical structure, such as the growth of new neurons or the formation of new synapses. And then there's functional plasticity, And this refers to the brain's ability to move functions from a damaged area to other undamaged areas. Neuroplasticity gives you the power to influence your brain structure and function through your experiences and behaviors. Neuroplasticity does work both ways, so negative thinking and behaviors also reinforce certain pathways in the brain. However, once you start replacing those negative habits with positive ones, the new pathways begin to take over, helping you become more mentally strong and adaptable. To understand how neuroplasticity works, let's look at the basics of brain structure. Your brain consists of billions of neurons, which are the cells responsible for processing and transmitting information. These neurons, or nerve cells, communicate with each other through connections called synapses. When you learn something new or have a novel experience, your neurons form new connections or strengthen existing ones. And this process is called synaptic plasticity. The more you repeat an action or thought, the stronger the neural pathways become. It's like creating a well-worn path in your brain. Several key brain regions are involved in neuroplasticity: the hippocampus, which is important for memory formation and spatial orientation, which is the ability for you to be able to tell how your body's positioned in space. Then there's the amygdala, which is involved in emotional processing and fear responses. And then the prefrontal cortex, which is responsible for higher order thinking and decision making. And these areas work together to process new information, form new memories and adapt to changing environments. So that's how neuroplasticity works. Here's why It's important for building mental strength and resilience. It impacts four main areas of functioning. First, adaptability. Neuroplasticity allows your brain to adapt to new situations and challenges. And this flexibility is the basis for being able to navigate the ups and downs and develop resilience. Second is learning and memory. When you have new experiences and form new neural connections, you're able to learn new skills and retain information. Being able to learn boosts your confidence and problem- solving abilities so you can in fact, teach an old dog new tricks. The third impact of neuroplasticity is overcoming negative patterns. Neuroplasticity empowers you to change negative thought patterns and behaviors. You can consciously and intentionally create new neural pathways and up-level poor coping skills, and reshape how you respond to stress and adversity. And the fourth impact is recovery and healing. Neuroplasticity plays a vital role in recovery from brain injuries and managing mental health conditions. It offers hope for healing and improving even in challenging circumstances. Several factors can impact your brain's plasticity. There's your age. Even though neuroplasticity occurs throughout life. It tends to be more pronounced in younger brains. That said, even older adults can benefit from activities that promote plasticity. A rich, stimulating environment promotes neuroplasticity. This includes engaging in new experiences, learning new skills, and exposing yourself to diverse sensory inputs. The interplay between neuroplasticity and sensory input is one of the reasons hearing loss, vision loss and social isolation are so harmful to your mental functions. And then there's lifestyle factors. Sleep, nutrition, and exercise all play critical roles in supporting neuroplasticity. Quality sleep helps consolidate memories. A balanced diet with minimal processed foods provides nutrients for brain health. And regular exercise increases blood flow to the brain and promotes the growth of new neurons. Okay, so that's a lot on neuroplasticity. Now let's look at some practical strategies to harness the power of neuroplasticity and build mental strength. I'm going to give you three strategies. One is learning new skills. Challenging your brain with new activities stimulates the formation of new neural connections. And this could be learning something like a musical instrument, picking up a new language, or trying a new hobby. The second strategy is metacognition and mindfulness. Metacognition is thinking about thinking. It's a powerful tool for enhancing neuroplasticity and building mental strength. It involves becoming aware of your thought processes and learning to regulate them effectively. Here's how you can practice metacognition. One is self-reflection. Regularly take time to examine your thoughts and reactions. Ask yourself, "Why did I respond that way?" or, "What assumptions am I making?" Next is thought journaling. Write down your thoughts and analyze them objectively. Look for patterns or cognitive distortions. Then engage in mindful meditation. This practice helps you observe your thoughts without judgment. Increasing your metacognitive awareness. By developing metacognitive skills, you can identify and challenge unhelpful thought patterns. Improve your decision-making process. Enhance your emotion regulation and boost your learning and problem- solving abilities. Combining metacognition with mindfulness creates an effective synergy for rewiring your brain and building resilience. Now, if this sounds like it's a lot to do on your own, I have something that can help you with all of these activities: It's my essential tools card deck. They are cards that you can carry with you and use on the go. Cards 8 through 17 give you the common cognitive distortions. These can help you recognize unhelpful Cards 18 to 24 help you accurately label your emotions, and cards 39 to 46 give you eight grounding exercises that you can use for mindful activities. Sometimes it's hard to think of these exercises on your own, especially if you're stressed or mentally occupied. There's 52 cards with helpful tools, and you can get them at MentalWellnessStore.com or attached to this video. So what I just talked about was the second strategy to build mental strength using metacognition and mindfulness. The first one was learning a new skill. The third strategy is to engage in activities that challenge your brain, such as puzzles, strategy games, or brain-training apps. Even though the clinical effectiveness of brain-training games is debated, any activity that engages your mind can contribute to cognitive flexibility. In my last video on how thoughts strengthen your Mind. I talked about the stress response and the cascade of brain chemicals that get activated when you feel threatened or stressed. You can use some of these techniques that I just discussed to turn down the dial on this response to improve your emotional resilience. So the message here is understanding neuroplasticity empowers you to take an active role in shaping your brain and by extension, your mental strength and resilience. Every thought, action, and experience has the potential to rewire your brain by engaging in activities that promote neuroplasticity, like practicing metacognition and cultivating a growth mindset. You can build a more resilient, adaptable brain. And speaking of growth mindset, another tool I have for you is my Growth Mindset 2025 calendar. The quote on the front is, "Growth is the only evidence of life." by John Henry Newman. I love that statement. It's more than a calendar though. It's 52 weeks of exercises or reminders related to that month's theme. For example, the theme for June is Deeper Connections. The quote for that month is, "A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out." by Walter Winchell. The tip for week 26 is to practice active listening in your conversations this week. This is where you are giving the person your full attention, looking at them while they speak, and following up with questions. So often we talk while distracted, maybe while scrolling on social media. And that interaction lacks the real connection that it would if we were both fully locked into each other. In fact, I think we're so used to engaging in distracted interactions that the person talking may not even notice that you're not looking at them, because they're also scrolling on their phone while they're talking to you. So there's lots of these weekly tips or exercises, along with the affirming quotes for you to reflect on for each month. The quality of the paper is card stock, so it will last a while and can be a keepsake that you can use in years to come. It comes with these fun reminder stickers and makes a great gift. So here's my final thought. You've seen today how your brain is not fixed. It's a dynamic organ capable of remarkable change. By harnessing the power of neuroplasticity, you can strengthen your mind, fortify your brain, and build the resilience that you need to thrive in future videos. We'll go deeper into specific strategies for promoting neuroplasticity We'll explore topics like the role of sleep and brain health, nutrition for cognitive function, and advanced mindfulness techniques. Stay tuned and remember, every step you take towards understanding and nurturing your brain is a step toward a more resilient, empowered you. Thank you for watching today, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @McKaye007 [1 likes]: Especially Luv your hair pulled back. Flattering.
Feeling stuck, especially since relocating 11 years ago. Hoping going back will help. So out of my element here.  Moving WAS a brain injury🙄
  2. @SalimbadMasitas: I am here, 22 years old. Trying to remove old habits and metacognizing new ways of thinking. Positive thinking. 🧠
  3. @alesandromorales6189: I like how u put ur product only a real genius would think of that
  4. @VideoNash: thanks
  5. @darklordharris: 0:57
  6. @SeeKing-Happiness: It worked. Thank you ma’am.
  7. @klee1579: Thank you so much Dr, this was insightful ❤
  8. @spiritalive6558: Good
  9. @CarobPowder: 1:27 Hank Green & his older brother said that even in their later 40's they still change, grow & develop as they did at any & every point in their 20's & 30's.
  10. @forexdynamicx: For anyone who needs this always know that jesus is in your heart so never be afraid
  11. @Epicdocumentary-h2o: I appreciate you
  12. @austinkinchen4850: 🎉
  13. @normanlindgren8185: Since retirement I have had 200 one on one vocal lessons with a vocal coach. Now I can easily sing onstage. 
I am with 2 radio players groups. My 1st time readings were about 60% accurate. For the last year I have read the news headlines aloud every morning, about 30 minutes, now my first time reading is about 90% accurate. 
I have done 2 online chess courses and my rating went up at least 300 or 400 elo. 
I am revisiting spanish with a free app and each day takes about 40 minutes.
Since 2022 I have meditated daily with Sara Raymond guided meditation and I am much calmer.
Everything is readily available on the internet. 
Give it a go!
  14. @pravocemulher8505: Bom dia!
Como funciona em paciente que está em estado vegetativo?
  15. @milindsinghal8903: Thank you universe for healing me from depression ..🎚️🎚️❤️❤️🙌🏽🙌🏽❤️❤️🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
  16. @milindsinghal8903: Thank you universe 🙏🏼🙏🏼🎚️❤️❤️🌹🙏🏼🙏🏼🎚️🙏🏼🙏🏼🙌🏽🙌🏽
  17. @brisanbri: gen? hey Al gore, get u new riddim!
  18. @Back2LifeMichiana: Can I get your calendar even though it’s not the same year! I really want to look at your challenges at least for the week
  19. @zakes.lizzie: I need my brain to develop a healthy relationship with food.
  20. @SaudiaYoung: You are a gift. I will buy the cards soon.❤

- Neurohacking: rewiring your brain | Don Vaughn | TEDxUCLA: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Rhonda Jacobs Reviewer: Peter van de Ven Inside each one of us is a beautiful symphony. 100 billion neurons firing in concert, constructing this vivid reality that we're living in. And inside each little piece of that neural activity lives a little bit of what makes you, you. And after your experiences today, that activity will have shifted and you will never be the same. You are inextricably tied to your brain. When I first learned these principles, when I was 16, I fell in love with the brain, and I've been doing neuroscience research ever since. Now, one day, we were doing a new MRI experiment, and I was surprised because the experiment went well, but much to all of our shock, I had a hole in my brain. It was a pretty big one too; it was like 30 percent of my cerebellum just wasn't there. (Laughter) Which, as you might imagine, I was pretty shocked because I didn't feel like anything about me or my life and my experience of the world had changed or was missing. The cerebellum is one of the most fundamental parts of your brain. It has, like, 80 percent of all of your neurons. So I got interested. Now, there's this collision between what your brain is supposed to do and then what it's dealt, and somehow it finds a middle ground. And I became really interested in the idea of your brain as a dynamic, flexible system. And to that end, I want to tell you the story of Cameron Mott. Just after her third birthday, Cameron started having violent seizures. They started becoming worse and worse, and eventually, she was losing her ability to speak. Doctors diagnosed her with something called Rasmussen's encephalitis, and the only real treatment for this was a hemisphererectomy - cutting out half of her brain. And keep in mind that one half of your brain controls and is responsible for movement and sensation in the other half of your body. So this surgery would immediately leave Cameron hemiplegic. But just four weeks post-op, she walked out of the hospital. And she is still dealing with a bit of hemiplegia and a bit of peripheral vision loss, but otherwise, she is able to run around with her peers, and she is cognitively quite deft - it's amazing. And I wondered, you know - consider that for a second: if I gave you half of a car, or half of a phone, you wouldn't be going anywhere in LA, and you wouldn't be on Twitter right now tweeting about how mind expanding TEDxUCLA is. Because for most devices, 50 percent equals broken. But somehow in this instance with Cameron, 50 percent is almost equal to 100 percent. How is that possible? Well, the remaining part of Cameron's brain sensed the massive loss of neural tissue, and it physically rewired and reorganized itself to take over everything that the other half had previously handled. That is an ability known as neuroplasticity. It's the ability of the brain to change itself - to rewire. And so, I think it's not a very good analogy when people say your brain is like a computer. It's actually just a really bad one because your brain is not static hardware. And although the prevailing view in neuroscience for a long time was that the adult brain is a fixed processing unit, it seems like every day we find a new result that says that's not the case at all. While there is structure to your brain, it is dynamic, flexible biology. Let me say that again: You and your brain are static, but you're also dynamic - you can change yourself. So the idea worth spreading is this: What if we were able to treat injuries and impairments in an entirely new way, by hacking into your brain's ability to rewire itself. To show you what I mean, let's look at how we've treated depression. Since 1952, scientists and doctors have addressed the question of treatment for depression as a fixed hardware problem where there is a deficiency of "happy" neurotransmitters, like serotonin, dopamine, norepinephrine. And in this context, it makes perfect sense that the way to go about it is to discover and design drugs which increase those neurotransmitter levels. Enter MAOIs, tricyclics, SSRIs - there are hundreds of them, but they all work in pretty much the same way. And these are marvels of modern medicine. I mean, on anti-depressants, we see about two-thirds of people see some sort of symptom relief. But that still leaves 1.5 million people, in the US alone, who are still struggling to enjoy their lives, who are becoming disconnected from their friends and their families. It is an awful, debilitating disease. So what if we were able - what would become possible - if we addressed the problem from the perspective of neuroplasticity? So what we're doing is we're essentially finding regions in the brain that show different activation in depressed patients than in normals. So for example, if someone with depression shows dorsolateral prefrontal cortex - it is not as active as it is in other brains - we actually use electromagnetic currents from devices placed on the scalp to induce neural rewiring in those areas. So in the case of the area that was less active than normal, we give a pulse, we stimulate it, we do whatever we can over several sessions to say, Can we upregulate that? Can we make this brain essentially push back towards normal behavior, one area at a time? And while this is a new technology, some of the pioneering work by Dr. Jonathan Downer at the University of Toronto shows nearly a 33 percent remission rate for treatment-resistant depression, which is depression where patients have seen no relief from therapy, they've seen no relief from anti-depressants, and they are running out of options. And another wonderful thing about the idea of neuroplasticity is that while drugs are very specific on a molecular level, they're quite general still in their delivery, often affecting a whole host of parts around the body that we didn't intend, and leading to the laundry list of side effects that you're probably used to hearing at rapid speed at the end of drug commercials. But neuroplasticity kind of takes the other approach. Instead, we're targeting very large patches of your brain, but we're leaving the rest of you alone. We're now in the midst of the personal medicine revolution - you can sequence your genome; you can get SNPs - it's $100-$200. I think neuroplasticity can fit into this because the devices that we use can be tailored very specifically to each individual. We can deliver just the right stimulating pulse for John, and we can give just the right targeting area for Jenny. There is a lot of flexibility to make sure that we address the fact that we're as different on the inside - probably more so - than we are on the outside, and any optimal treatment mechanism should cater to that. So, to me this seems like science fiction coming true. I mean, we are on the frontier of non-invasively being able to rewire your brain to alleviate certain types of mental disorders. While there is certainly debate in the literature as there always is: What's the right sham? What’s the right control? Where do you target? It doesn't matter. We're almost there, and the possibilities are startling. And once we get there, the next question becomes, If we can rewire your brain using devices, would it at all be possible to help your brain rewire itself with just your own thoughts? I know it seems kind of crazy, but that's the idea of something called real-time neurofeedback. Essentially, what we're doing, if you give the example of, let's addiction. In cocaine addiction, we show a subject luring images of cocaine, and we induce their craving networks. So these are cocaine addicts. And then we present them with a real-time feedback of what their brain is actually doing. What is the craving network in your brain really doing? And the idea is that we're asking people to surf their mental landscape and do whatever it is they need to do to make that bar go down, which essentially is exploiting whatever conscious control, and probably in most cases unconscious control, that you have over your own brain to rewire it intelligently at just the right times, with just a little bit of biofeedback. Now, I think this has real implications for the legal system because we're getting to the point where our neurochemistry - it's getting really good. We're now able to give different types of drugs to change mood states. And in one case, we, as a government, are now disarming criminals with drugs. And that might sound like a 1984-esque type of statement, but consider that we already do it. In California and many other states, we mandate what's called chemical castration for re-offending sex offenders. So they're forced to take medroxyprogesterone acetate to reduce their libido - and it's effective. And I'm not here to comment on the morality of the subject, but I do feel that as we look for new ways to rehabilitate criminals instead of warehouse them, neuroplasticity would be an incredible option, where, before we say, you have to take this drug or we're not letting you out, we instead see, Is there any possibility for this person to be rewired or to rewire themselves? And moving beyond deficits, what if instead of just treating deficits, we actually use this to improve ourselves, just our own impulse control - where - yeah, alright, I don't know which one I want right now - where we use our own intelligent brain plasticity to modulate and upregulate our long-term decision-making, our attention, our impulse control. What if we went to the biofeedback mental gym as much as we went to the real gym, and we lifted our behavioral problems with as much vigor as we lift our 45 pound plates. I think it's a beautiful idea. And there's one more application of neuroplasticity I'd like to talk with you about, but in order to do so, we're going to run a quick experiment. Everyone look under your seats. Some of you will see a pair of earplugs; they look like this. And some of you stole them before the break. I know who you are. Pull them out. Okay. So here's the experiment. Those of you who have earplugs, you're going to be speakers, and everyone else, you're going to be listeners. Okay? Open them up. Get ready. Now, I'd like you all to meet my friend Mimi. Mimi is seven months old, and she loves to talk. When I press Play, your job, speakers, is to mimic what she's saying. Listeners, your job is to see how well did they do. Okay, put in your earplugs. And for those of you at home, go ahead and plug your ears the old fashioned way and see if you can play along. (Cute baby noises) [Take out your earplugs] Yeah, like, pretty terrible, actually. And look, I kind of set you all up to fail on that one because lip reading is a really difficult problem. But lip reading babies who, as all you missed, can make vocalizations without their mouth moving at all, and then who speak with toys in their mouth is a really, really difficult problem. This is harder than neuroscience. And so imagine, though, that Mimi is your child, and this is every day of your life. That's the reality for deaf parents and the over 90 percent of their children who are hearing-able. And this can lead to a real divide between families because parents are unable to engage in traditional baby talk. And it's now very clear that traditional baby talk is not the cute or annoying musings of parents, but instead, it is a tool specifically designed by nature to teach language and to foster connection. And you can imagine if that was gone, it would be a really difficult issue. So the question that Dr. Arianna Anderson and myself at UCLA asked was, If you can't get infant vocalizations in through the ears, is there another option? Well, when you scan brains across the population, you see that there are very specific parts of your cortex that are devoted to processing one type of sensory modality or another. So, for example, this morning on the TEDx tour through UCLA's Staglin Center, we see that there's a very particular part of Stephanie's brain that lights up to only visual information. And independently, there's a completely separate part of the brain that responds only to touch. But here's where it gets really interesting. When you scan the brains while blind people are feeling braille, you don't just get the touch parts of their brain active, you see visual areas active as well. And similarly, when you scan the brains of the deaf population while they're communicating using sign language, you don't just see the visual areas active from seeing the gestures, but you actually see auditory cortex activated. Somehow, your brain isn't just plastic, it's not just random, it is intelligently plastic. And somehow, it's rewiring itself in order to maximize and process as much information from the outside world as possible. Somehow your brain is learning to see braille and to hear sign language. So, this is called sensory substitution, and the idea, as Paul Bach-y-Rita and David Eagleman have exploited, is that you can take information from one sense that's lost, translate it to a different sensory modality, and put it in that way. Surprisingly, your brain figures it out because your brain is plastic. And this is the idea that we've taken, and we've moved forward with developing an application with a small grant from UCLA called "Chatter Baby." And what Chatter Baby does is it turns auditory information into visual information - it's a type of sensory substitution. So now Mimi's chatter comes alive in visual form. You don't miss anything now. Even though her lips aren't moving, you can see what's going on. And the idea is that deaf parents can use this tool to learn baby talk and to connect as deeply as possible with their child, and we believe that eventually, once they become fluent in using this tool, they will be able to hear their child through sight. And to me, that is just such an important application of neuroplasticity. And this shows that it's not just a fun tool for turning auditory information into visuals, but instead, sensory processing plasticity, it has the ability to connect deaf parents and their babies. That's the power of plasticity. But that's only half the battle. The other part of this disconnect is that when deaf parents aren't in the same room as their children, they don't know what mood they're in. And the best baby monitors out there on the market, they say, yes, there's sound; no, there's no sound. But that doesn't really tell me what I care about. It doesn't tell me, Is my child happy and content? Or instead, Are they hungry? Are they crying? Is something going on that I need to be there and I need to address? Instead, I'm constantly wondering, Sound? No sound? I don't know. So what we're doing with Chatter Baby is we are gathering the world's largest database of infant sounds, and we're then using sophisticated mathematics to take that sound and predict what child's mood states are. So he's really hungry. (Applause) And the idea is that we can use neuroplasticity to make a real difference in how deaf parents communicate with their children. And I've talked to you about now how to treat depression and addiction and sensory impairments using neuroplasticity, but that's really only the beginning. We're starting to move into diseases that you wouldn't expect would be treated by something like this, like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and stroke. And that's really just the beginning of what I've been calling neurohacking. And I don't mean neurohacking in the sense that these aren't thoroughly researched - they're really well thought out ideas, and there's a lot of literature to support why they work. But in the sense that we're not directly trying to fix the nuts and the bolts of all these problems; we're not trying to change every biochemical cascade that's going on in the brain, which is essentially the root of the problem. But there are a hundred trillion connections in your brain, and each one of them is like a city with a thousand chemical cascades going on. It is such a difficult problem. So instead, what I think some of the biggest advances in neuroscience and all of what we're doing is going to be exploiting, this incredible quality of your brain that is uniquely yours to rewire and reallocate itself based on what it needs. And if we step back for a moment from neuroscience, the question for you I have today is, Where in your life are you waiting to understand every little nut and bolt of a problem, every nuance, before you decide to solve it and make a change? If you're trying effect social change in Los Angeles with six million people, there's probably a couple million that don't want to hear your story, and they are not going to helpful to you. But instead of focusing on what's broken and what doesn't work, maybe take a lesson from neurohacking and use what does still work to get the results you want. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @preetkirankaur7009 [835 likes]: There’s really so much to learn in life—it almost feels impossible to know everything and stay ahead of it all. But there’s one book that’s closely related to this topic, which I’d love to recommend. It helped me a lot, and they say it’s not easy to get your hands on. It’s called Neural Rebirth Codes by Orson Kingsley.
  2. @jaybeanzx2943 [4 likes]: Interesting and good things in here for sure, but I feel like the title is misleading, this’ not what I wanted to listen to
  3. @RobertMcaree-g6j: So would one realize the hat putting those points that are sticky upon a he temples and maybe one in the back of the cerebellum as a Line of site and fed in his his pattern other then just two points fed from two ears with music fed in in frequency be more for the synapses firing as to line of site then just two
  4. @AtoZkaraoke: Slide shows or expert show🤔
  5. @tofusoup83: This was actually really interesting, the way it presents the idea makes it easy to understand and keeps you engaged 👍
  6. @RuhaniSharma-t6s: My brain is hacked😢😢
  7. @humanblueprint-y9e: very interesting...
  8. @abbamustafa: The brain ability to rewire it self it can do miracles
  9. @lesegogavin7828: Grew up in a traumatic household. Abondanment rejection emotional abuse you name it. It went for well into my high school years. Managed to fight and heal my brain. Eight years got sick, very sick with no cure insight. Went on for eight years. And I am back to negative programming. Been a year since physically I am healed but mentally and emotionally very far. Wish me luck
  10. @tejasdisale7406: Im aware that  my carrer on line i have to get the things done but im just not doing it . Just not . I know i have no option this time is very precious it could decide me and my family future but im not moving the pen . My tension pahse decreasing day by day now im not even start to begin to do the things to give up .
  11. @AlfredoRodriguez-xi7ff: When a naive scientist meets an unscrupulous investor. I'm amazed by the brain's functionalities, but I always wonder about the ethical component of its usage. The Clockwork Orange my friends, not to mention the potential and terrible use of this solution. Rewiring for the good and for the bad. I hope legislation to advance quickly on these developments.
  12. @mdayazali7992: You really have to find this book—I believe it will change your life just like it changed mine. People say it’s hard to find, and somehow I managed to get it, but here’s my recommendation for you: Neural Rebirth Codes by Orson Kingsley.
  13. @Crazy_Toons12: Life is truly complex, and it's really hard to get to the core of everything. You have to fully dedicate yourself to just one thing if you want to master it. When it comes to this topic, a book that helped me is called Neural Rebirth Codes by Orson Kingsley. They say it’s a bit hard to find, so if you come across it and want to improve your life—let me know what you think.
  14. @mushtaqdar2574: I came across a book that truly amazed me. They say it's hard to find, but if you want to change your life, to bring back your old self—the one that brought you here in the first place—give it a try. It costs you nothing, and it just might change your life like it did mine. It's called Neural Rebirth Codes by Orson Kingsley.
  15. @TommyArnold-k3n: Experiment is going on with my brain now and they are hurting me daily .. rewiring me to ne a monster I need help
  16. @abhaykumar-kt7qs: Mind-blowing,🎉
  17. @marcforrester340: My mind is weak, not much will power, no self discipline, struggling with addiction I need to get my brain to start lifting weights
  18. @farrzanapashajahangeer: Thank you
  19. @laceup8971: ❤❤
  20. @juwonnnnn: 🧠

- How to Rewire Your Brain & Learn Faster | Dr. Michael Kilgard: Kind: captions Language: en - Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Dr. Michael Kilgard. Dr. Michael Kilgard is a professor at the University of Texas at Dallas, and he is one of the world's leading experts in neuroplasticity, which is the brain's ability to change in response to experience. Since the beginning of the field of neuroscience, meaning for well over 100 years, it was understood that the young brain can change. Kids can learn things. They can learn languages, new skills. And young adults can learn. But that the adult brain was less capable of learning. Then in the late '90s, it was Dr. Kilgard, in collaboration with his colleagues, that discovered that indeed, the adult brain can change massively if the right conditions are set. His work showed that if specific neuromodulators, meaning acetylcholine, norepinephrine, serotonin, or dopamine, are triggered to be released in the adult brain, you can achieve massive rewiring of brain circuits and learning, even as an adult. This opened up an entire new field within neuroscience, and of course, has profound implications for health and disease. It's also completely changed the way that we think about learning, longevity, and brain health. More recently, Dr. Kilgard's research has focused on vagus nerve stimulation to precisely control the timing of neuromodulator release. As you may know, the vagus nerve connects the body with the brain, and the brain with the body, and by stimulating a particular branch of the vagus nerve pathway, his laboratory has shown that people can overcome debilitating conditions such as tinnitus, stroke, and even restore mobility to people who have suffered spinal cord injuries. During today's episode, we discuss the specific actionable strategies that you, or anyone, can use to rewire your brain at any stage of life. So, as you'll soon see, Dr. Kilgard has an exceptionally clear and practical understanding of how to apply what we know about neuroplasticity, so that you can learn better and improve your brain health. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero-cost-to-consumer information about science and science-related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, today's episode does include sponsors. I have a brief announcement to make about my upcoming book, 'Protocols: An Operating Manual for the Human Body.' I've completed the book now, several times, and yet, it's not quite ready for release, and I'll tell you why. Some years ago, somebody I highly respect in the research science field, that I was working with on a project, said to us as a group, "If you have the opportunity to make something better, you do it." Now, I realize that runs counter to what we all so often hear, which is, "Never let perfect get in the way of completed." But I must say, when it comes to providing the public health protocols, I absolutely insist that you have the most up-to-date science and information in the 'Protocols' book. And so that's the reason why I've decided to go through and basically revise each and every chapter, adding some things based on new research, and improving the protocols overall. I strongly feel that's my obligation to the data, and to all of you. I confess, part of the delay is also because I've decided to do all the illustrations for the book myself. As a consequence, my book is now going to be released in September 2026. If you'd like to pre-order the book, it's available in English and other languages, and yes, it will be available in audio form. If you'd like to pre-order, go to protocolsbook.com. Thank you for your patience. I'm excited to share the book with you next year. And now for my discussion with Dr. Michael Kilgard. Dr. Michael Kilgard, welcome. - Nice to be here. - You and I both share a fascination with neuroplasticity, the ability for our nervous system to change itself, for better or worse. So, to start off, let's just talk about plasticity, what it is, how plasticity in childhood differs from plasticity in adulthood. I know how I think about these topics. I'd love to know how you think about neuroplasticity, and why you've essentially devoted your professional life to studying it. - Yeah. I mean, I don't love the word. 'Plastic' makes it seem like something artificial and uninteresting. But, the idea that the brain can change is a new idea. We used to think everything was hardwired, and you are the way they are, and nothing can change. Now we know that you're making new connections every day, every time you learn something new. And that change in our way of thinking about things has implications up and down the aisle on how we interact, and everything we do. The science of it is so exciting. The types of experiments that have been done, the ways that you can literally see these new connections. Our forefathers, 100 years ago, could only look at dead tissue and imagine all the changes and excitement that was going on, Ramon y Cajal and others. But now we can, real time, watch these new connections and imagine that there's not hundreds of them, there's not thousands of them, there's not millions of them, there's not billions, but there's trillions of new connections every second of your day, are trying to decide, should I strengthen this one, should I weaken this one, or should I leave them the same? And that idea that your brain is as active as you feel is so different than what we were told. We were told, "You've got this brain. It's very dangerous. You should wear a helmet, and you should not mess with it." And the fact that it's alive and moving, to me, is just much more consistent with my experience with my own inner life, and interacting with other people. So, the fact that the science matches the everyday experience, I think is one of the most enlightening parts of those experiments. - So, when you think about developmental plasticity, which would have been from birth up to about age 25, is what we always hear. "Oh, you know, up until age 25, the brain is ultra-plastic, and then after 25, it's much harder to change, but it can be done." You have kids. When you were raising your kids, given what you know about neuroplasticity, what were some of the thoughts going on in your mind about things that you should do or shouldn't do? I know you're not giving parenting instructions, but I think there are many parents out there, all of us were children once, or perhaps still are, and are curious. How does a neuroscientist who works on neuroplasticity think about learning in general, and also just passive exposure to life? Because as a child, every day is new learning. - I mean, they always tell you, "Don't sweat the small stuff," and then you learn that every little thing matters, and you start sweating the small stuff. You start realizing that the kinds of mobile you got matters. That it's interesting. We had a mobile, and the mobile would go around in a circle, and it was just boring. I thought it was uninteresting. And so I'd move it so that it would bump into something and do something a little more interesting from time to time. My kids spent a lot of time looking out into the natural world, so there were birds flying and coming and going in not-predictable kinds of patterns and again, I tried to avoid some TV. But the idea that we're kind of in a hurry. You've got to hook up all these neurons. Being an adult's going to happen fast, and you've got trillions of connections to make. Every experience is contributing to that. So, bedtime stories, and songs, and walks in the park are all making those changes. That's surprising. It's surprising that all that stuff matters. But it does. And so, from my point of view, the fact that the young brain is a sponge, and that every little background sound, little clicking sound, road noise, all those things, have the potential to impact the way the brain is wired is a cautionary tale. It makes you worried about having the wrong sounds in the wrong place. But, of course, you don't really know exactly what the best sounds are going to be, the best sights, the best friendships, and all the rest. So, neuroplasticity is a gift to all of us, and it makes the point that the details matter. But it also makes the point that there's lots of details, lots and lots of experiences. No one formative experience is going to ruin some kid's life. And I think that's a little bit relieving as well. - Yeah, there's plasticity in both directions, I suppose. You can wire things in one direction, and if you don't like it, or if your parents don't like it, you can wire it back in another direction. Although, as we both know, there's a little bit of an asymmetry to that. It's kind of easier to get negative experiences wired into the brain, and a little bit harder, or a lot harder as the case may be, to undo those. So, I guess it was the early '90s when we heard a lot about the so-called first six years. There was this emphasis on zero to six years of age, as being so critical. And this had parents who, understandably, were interested and concerned with their kids having the most knowledge, the most capability in life, the best life. It had parents playing classical music to kids while they were asleep. It had them doing multiple sports. There was this idea that you have six years to cram everything in there. I think we now understand that's not the case. That those first six years are critical, but there's a long window for plasticity. Would you agree? - Absolutely. No, I mean, I think we worry about doors slamming shut. We worry about every little sight being the thing that's going to define a child for the rest of their lives, and that's just not the case, right? Lots and lots of hours. We always talk about 10,000 hours to be good at anything, and you realize you get a lot of 10,000 hours. I mean, you really do. And not just your language abilities. Each person knows 100,000 words. Imagine. You don't have to sit and teach the kids every little word. They're going to pick them up. They're just in an environment. And 100,000 is a lot of words to imagine knowing their definitions, knowing their meanings, and all the rest. And the same thing of finger movements. Again, whether they're going to be a violin player, or a soccer player, all the dexterous movements that have to go with that. We, as coaches and parents, try to train that, but really the kid is training themselves. They're figuring out how to do all that by practicing, seeing what works and what doesn't work. We can just set an environment where that's possible, and where they can succeed and not quit. That's really one of the big challenges. Like I said, a kid gets exposed to a food, then gets sick, and now their brain has figured out that food might be poison. But it might be wrong, and they might end up with a plastic event in their brain that turns off a pathway for a long period of time, and it can really be hard to undo that kind of work. - I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our sponsor, Eight Sleep. Eight Sleep makes smart mattress covers with cooling, heating, and sleep-tracking capacity. One of the best ways to ensure a great night's sleep is to make sure that the temperature of your sleeping environment is correct. And that's because in order to fall and stay deeply asleep, your body temperature actually has to drop by about one to three degrees. And in order to wake up feeling refreshed and energized, increase by about one to three degrees. Eight Sleep automatically regulates the temperature of your bed throughout the night, according to your unique needs. Eight Sleep has just launched their latest model, the Pod 5, and the Pod 5 has several new important features. One of these new features is called Auto Pilot. Auto Pilot is an AI engine that learns your sleep patterns to adjust the temperature of your sleeping environment across different sleep stages. It also elevates your head if you're snoring, and it makes other shifts to optimize your sleep. The base on the Pod 5 also has an integrated speaker that syncs to the Eight Sleep app and can play audio to support relaxation and recovery. The audio catalog includes several NSDR, non-sleep deep rest scripts, that I worked on with Eight Sleep to record. If you're not familiar, NSDR involves listening to an audio script that walks you through a deep body relaxation, combined with some very simple breathing exercises. It's an extremely powerful tool that anyone can benefit from the first time and every time. If you'd like to try Eight Sleep, go to eightsleep.com/huberman to get up to $350 off the new Pod 5. Eight Sleep ships to many countries worldwide, including Mexico and the UAE. Again, that's EightSleep.com/huberman to save up to $350. Today's episode is also brought to us by Wealthfront. I've been using Wealthfront for my savings and my investing for nearly a decade, and I absolutely love it. At the start of every year, I set new goals, and one of my goals for 2025 is to focus on saving money. Since I have Wealthfront, I'll keep that savings in my Wealthfront cash account where I'm able to earn 4% annual percentage yield on my deposits, and you can as well. With Wealthfront, you can earn 4% APY on your cash from partner banks until you're ready to either spend that money or invest it. With Wealthfront, you also get free instant withdrawals to eligible accounts every day, even on weekends and holidays. The 4% APY is not a promotional rate, and there's no limit to what you can deposit and earn. And you can even get protection for up to $8 million through FDIC insurance, provided through Wealthfront's partner banks. Wealthfront gives you free instant withdrawals, where it takes just minutes to transfer your money to eligible external accounts. It also takes just minutes to transfer your cash from the cash account to any of Wealthfront's automated investment accounts when you're ready to invest. There are already a million people using Wealthfront to save more, earn more, and build long-term wealth. Earn 4% APY on your cash today. If you'd like to try Wealthfront, go to wealthfront.com/huberman to receive a free $50 bonus with a $500 deposit into your first cash account. That's wealthfront.com/huberman to get started now. This has been a paid testimonial of Wealthfront. Wealthfront Brokerage isn't a bank. The APY is subject to change. For more information, see the episode description. What are your thoughts about when a kid has a particular love for one activity, perhaps to the exclusion of everything else because time is limited? Assuming that activity isn't outwardly destructive, like they're not harming themselves or others, it doesn't involve the use of, you know, chemical substances, that kind of thing. But let's say a kid just loves to read, and unless forced not to, would just use every possible moment to read, or play video games, or do any number of different things. Then the self-directed learning that they're doing, the plasticity, is being fed by these things that I know we're going to talk a lot about today, neuromodulators, right? We know these as dopamine, norepinephrine, epinephrine, serotonin, acetylcholine. These things amplify, in many cases, the activity of certain circuits. Like, if one of your kids was doing something at, say, age 8, 9, 10, 12 was doing one thing, almost to the exclusion of everything else, when they had the opportunity to do something, like free time hits, they're doing that, would that excite or concern you in terms of what you know about plasticity? - My kids know that it would depend upon whether I viewed, in my judgmental nature, the experience as a real experience, an adventure, something that's happening, or an artificial or a fake one. My concerns about video games and other things like that are these could be really detrimental, because they don't have the statistics of the natural world. If you're engaged, as my daughter was, with people and you just want to hear people talking. She was infinitely fascinated by, "What are they talking about? What are they thinking about?" And there was no end to her interest in people. People are interesting. People are complicated. On the flip side, if you're talking about a video game, I won't name any particular one, where it's an artificial currency, where you're sort of constrained to be interested in it, similar to what would happen in Vegas where you'd say, "I'm going to let you win at first, so that you can get hooked on it, and then I'm going to adjust it," where you're being manipulated actively. Most experiences kids are interested in, they're not being manipulated. It's a game. 50% of the time you win, 50% of the time you lose If you're playing football or soccer. But there are some experiences where someone is actively messing with you in a way that can be negative. So, we would always distinguish between that. Kids would share they had this great experience on a video game, or a great video they saw, and I would just point out, "That wasn't an experience you actually had. That was an experience you watched online, or something else, or that was a video." And we just kept emphasizing that there's something different about real experiences. And for me, that's about the statistics. That's about the pattern in the natural world. You're working the visual system. There's spatial frequencies. There's distributions. There's a peripheral vision. In the auditory system, there's reverberations. There's all these things that you can remove, if you want to, and simplify the world down. But we evolved in an environment where there were risks. There were opportunities. There were ways for us to explore our smell, our touch, our taste, and they were all integrated together. When they all get separated, and the touch doesn't have anything to do with the sound, and the sound doesn't have anything to do with the sight or the smell, there's a potential for them all to sort of drift off on their own and not be integrated in a way that I think is most helpful. So, for me, it was just, is it real? Would my grandparents recognize this as a good way to spend a day? And if it wasn't, I'd at least take some time to think about whether or not there might be some negative consequences of that artificial environment. - I think it's really interesting that you say certain experiences aren't really experiences, because they don't include the full array, or as large an array of the quote-unquote 'statistics of the natural environment.' And I think for us as neuroscientists, we're used to using this language, statistics of the natural environment. And you pointed this out, but I just want to go into this a little bit more deeply. You know, in a three-dimensional world like the one we're in now, sitting across the table having a conversation, or people listening to this and watching it, or both, there's a lot of information that we're not aware of. The depth information, motion information, lack of motion information, right? If I suddenly start waving my arms around, that's going to pop out because nothing else really is moving that much. - Yeah. - I think people probably need to hear it from you in order to really appreciate how a developing brain is really a template for wiring all that capability in. You know, this time from birth until about 25 is really when all the predictions about the world are being formed, and I think we hear so often about, "Okay, make sure they learn an instrument, play a sport, they're reading, maybe learn another language." By the way, learn another language. You can learn other languages without an accent up until a particular age, and then it becomes very, very difficult. I wish I had learned another language. That's why I say that. We hear about all the things that ought to make kids more, quote-unquote, 'functional adults' once they get to adulthood, but what you're describing is a pretty kind of like, low-level, but foundational aspect to just building a brain that can do a lot of stuff, and that wants to forage for interesting real-world experiences as an adult. So, when you were raising your kids, did either of them like video games particularly? - Yep. - Yep? - My son liked video games. - Uh-huh. - My daughter did not. - It didn't end up becoming a significant problem, but it was certainly an interesting agility still. You know, I grew up playing video games as well with one joystick, one button. Now, it's much more complicated and elaborate, and I appreciate the beauty of it. I appreciate the finesse, the dexterity, the complexity. I think it's fantastic. All the things they can do to be running through a complex environment, navigating a map, looking at a certain direction, walking out, watching out for low contrast threats, and prizes. So, there's a richness to it that is just undeniable. It's really rewarding and satisfying. The question is just how well does that generalize to other skills you might need in your life? How well prepared are you? And are you able to turn that off at the end of the day, and go on to study for your tests, you know, do the dishes, mow the lawn, whatever else needs to be done? And I think there are certain situations where it's really helpful, and there are certain situations where it's overblown. And the same is true of reading. I mean, I think, my grandfather was a head librarian at Arizona State University, and it seemed like there's no end to reading. Couldn't we just all do more reading? And reading is great, but there's also restrictions from reading. Ralph Waldo Emerson's one of my heroes, and he says, "Books well-used are among the best of things, and poorly used among the worst." And the idea is, if you could be coming up with your own ideas, maybe you shouldn't need to be following someone else's story and their own adventure. Maybe you should go out and do your own a little bit. And the question of proportions is a challenging one. When it's raining and you can't go outside, maybe that's a good time for reading. When it's a nice day outside, you could be going outside. Maybe that's a better time to go find friends and work on dexterity and skills, and get some sunlight. - Thanks for mentioning sunlight, by the way. That's a big theme on this podcast across episodes. So, are you telling me that Emerson himself suggested that the technology of books not be overused? - He did. He absolutely did. - Which is a wild thought in this day and age. No, it really is. And that's what I mentioned about sort of our grandfathers, the wisdom that people knew from a long time ago. He had an intuition about how we follow into habits. He would find out that as I walk, I make paths, and the paths you just see, I keep doing the same way, and he would look at that and kind of intuitive that that's a habit that I'm forming that may be helpful, but maybe I should try to take a different way the next day. He talked about the idea that consistency is overrated. He had this line from "The American Scholar." "Consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds," that you feel like whatever I said, I have to keep saying that, keep being right. And the real world will teach you no. If you're wrong, the world will teach you. If you think you're right about something, all your friends will teach you that you're not. If you think this is the best way to kick the ball, you'll find out someone else has a different way of doing it, or play the instrument, or whatever it is. So, I think that idea that there's some humility, about there is no optimal, there's no perfect way, there's always some new way of learning is something that I appreciated in reading books. And it's awkward that here's someone writing a book, telling you not to listen to people in books. - Mm-hmm. - And go out and live the real world. And I think a lot of us are coming around to that, that we need to have our own real experiences, and that there's value to that, not just reading about someone else's. - I forget where it appeared, but recently there was some photo or article published where an artist had taken real-world images of humans out in the world, and had deleted the phone from the image in any case where there was a phone in the image. And what you basically see is that people are out in the world staring at their palms all the time. - And these are, you know, images from the last six months or so. - So, these aren't paintings, they're not drawings, and you really get the impression that people are removing themselves from their natural environment almost entirely. Within the phone, there's something very interesting that I'm curious what you think of, for sake of understanding plasticity, and what this might be doing to our brains. A picture's worth a thousand words. A video is worth a billion pictures. And I know you're not on social media, but if I scroll through an Instagram feed, or a Twitter feed, X feed that is, I can see 50 videos, 100 videos inside of 10 minutes, easily, from disparate contexts. It can be sports, dogs, this, that. I mean, and the algorithm's obviously deciding what I see. But I don't think there's ever been an instance in human evolution where that was the case. I mean, even with television with 200 channels, you can flip between channels. Okay, I guess you could keep looping, but that doesn't tend to be the case. People eventually would settle on a show or navigate a menu to a show. What do you think this means in terms of the processing capacity of young brains in particular? Like if your son, I don't know how old he is, but if he's still in the developmental window of plasticity, or if he was at one point, or your daughter, if they are seeing 50 videos that are not really linked to one another in any particular way, that feels like a university experiment where they came into my lab, or your lab, and we're measuring brain activity, and we're trying to see what random videos presented rapidly does to the brain or something. It doesn't seem like a healthy thing. And I'm not trying to pass judgment without even understanding what it does, but I can't feel that that would be a good thing for the brain. The brain's never experienced that before. - Well, let's talk about what the brain does. So, we know these different areas which you've talked about, locus coeruleus releasing norepinephrine in the brain. When something new and exciting happens, someone claps their hands, or pokes your ear, you know, a bug flies in your face, the neurons fire. They're surprised that that happened. If it keeps happening, then the neurons stop firing. So, one of the things that's most surprising to me, and interesting to me is there are experiments by Richardson, DeLong, and others, recording from these areas, nucleus basalis releasing acetylcholine, locus coeruleus, even dorsal raphe releasing serotonin, is that they're excited the first time, and then they quickly get used to it. And so, they're always waiting for what the new thing is. What's the thing that's going to be informative? What's the thing that's going to have the most rewards? going to have the most risk? And the problem is, we don't know what the long-term consequences are of having over and over and over activation of that pathway. We know that if you take a child and just sit them in orphanages for years upon years, they don't come out well. That's pretty clear with animals, or humans, that deprivation is not good. But what happens on the flip side when you stimulate and then you over-stimulate? We don't really know. At least, I don't know of any clear-cut, well-designed experiments. The suggestion, as you know, is maybe it increases depression and anxiety among adolescents. That appears to be what's happening, but there's no causal link, because everyone is doing this experiment together. My children watched lots of videos, are exposed to lots of things. It's very difficult to get rid of it. It's sort of in the water. It's in the culture, having a phone and having that restricted view. On the flip side, this generation is great. They got a million things they know about because they were able to time travel and look at things in the distant past, look at things in the future, look at things in other countries. Their awareness of people who are different from them is so exciting. So, it's hard to balance those two. But in general, the concern for me would be if you max out that neuromodulator release, if you do things all the time, including illicit drugs, that push that up, it's intuitive to me that that would then push down all your other experiences. - So, I've had the great pleasure of taking my face from the desert world of the Sinai Peninsula and putting it down into the water of the Red Sea. It's miraculous. I mean, the level of colors, and movement, and textures. And you pull your head back up, and you're recalibrated. Like, this is the moon. There's all this rock. Put your face back down. That contrast to me is real and very exciting. Others have told me that they have taken illicit drugs and had very similar experiences. And I'm not going to say that my experience of real colors, and real life forms, and real waves and patterns is superior. It's just my preference. And I think we know people for thousands of years have had these kinds of experiences, looking at mountains, and streams, and groups of people. What we don't know is what happens when you take a lot of fentanyl, a lot of methamphetamine, a lot of cocaine, or even nicotine at high levels. We don't know. But the worry is Ben Franklin's 'all things in moderation.' Probably better to take it slow and make sure you didn't overdo this one. But I don't know what the negative consequences are going to be - other than the potential increase in depression and anxiety. You were snorkeling on a coral reef in the Dead Sea. Is that the experience - That's right. - you were describing? - Yeah. I love aquaria. I have some at home. And I love snorkeling, and done some scuba diving. And I agree. When you see the richness of a coral reef, and then you pop up, it's like the contrast is a big part of that experience. - But it stays with you, right? I mean, you're out of your element down there. You know, if you're doing scuba, you're more or less like a fish. If you're snorkeling, you're a pseudo fish. But when you come back, those experiences stay with you as an enriching experience. Watching a video of a coral reef, well, that can be relaxing. It's a completely different experience, as you pointed out. I have to be careful because I want... I'm almost 50, and I want to believe that real-world experiences are better than virtual ones. And now with the huge arrival of AI, which is only going to expand, everyone's asking the same sorts of questions. At what point is it true sensory deprivation? I mean, on the one end of the continuum, as you pointed out, sensory deprivation is bad, especially for a developing brain. The other end of the continuum, sensory gluttony is also bad, and we could be talking about food here, right? Starvation is bad, and gluttony is bad. Both make you sick. - One kills you faster. Starvation kills you faster. But as we've now seen with the rates of obesity in this country, gluttony is... I'm not calling people gluttons to be disparaging of them, but let's face it, people are consuming more calories than they burn for whatever reason. So, I think when it comes to sensory input, I have a feeling we're going to arrive at a similar place in a few years where we're going to realize that we need to set upper limits on how much sensory input, and set quality standards for sensory input. Right now, we're just kind of drinking from the fire hose. - Well, and how you interact with it, and the ways you interact with it are. If the only way to interact with it is flipping the screen, that's pretty limited. The human body does a lot of amazing things. The way we can navigate, whether it's skateboards, or paragliding, or whatever, people can do fantastic things with their bodies. But if you're not required to do it, we know this principle of use it or lose it. If you don't have that exposure to the sounds of Swedish vowels... When we were born, we could hear all the Swedish vowels, and then we weren't raised in a culture that used them, and they just disappeared. And the worry is that that ability, the natural predisposition of our brains to handle those kinds of inputs, that over time when we don't use it, we'll say, "I guess you don't need this. I guess swimming is not something that you're going to need to do." And a lot of people don't swim, which is fine. But how many of those experiences get turned off, especially at a young age where they're easier to pick up? That's one of the big questions. I don't know. But it makes sense that the kinds of training, the inputs in, you know, junk in, junk out. We used to think, again, that bodies just grew. Babies just got bigger. That's all that happened. And then we started realizing the things that they saw mattered. At first, we thought, 'Well, let's find what they like. What do they like the most?' You may remember these old experiments where they found that if you give a baby a face, and then you give it a cartoon face, it'll look more strongly at the cartoon face, the exaggerated black and white face. And some babies had trouble disengaging from it. The attention mechanisms were so cued to two black circles and a mouth. And people sold baby mobiles that were these very engaging things that the babies couldn't get their eyes off of. Now when you go to Babies "R" Us, or whatever store, you don't see those anymore. - You see much more naturalistic kinds of things. But there was a moment when we thought, 'Well, if the babies like it, give it to them.' And then we sort of thought, 'Maybe just because they like it, is not sufficient. Maybe we should try to do a longer-term read. Not that short term immediate gratification, but the longer term. What does it do, that the face I've seen is an extreme face, an exaggerated face?' And again, we think back to individual neurons, whether retinal ganglion cells or cells in fusiform face area, these are parts of the brain that are involved in visual processing. If those areas are wired normally, appropriately, then we pay attention to the right cues. It's typical when I'm looking at you when you're talking, to look at your eyes, not look at your mouth. But there are a number of people who will be more interested in the movement of the mouth, because it's larger than the eye movements. And that's a less effective way to look, is to look at the mouth instead of looking at the eyes. These are very subtle things, but some of the microaggressions, microgestures that are critical, not just in our culture, but in monkeys where gritting your teeth might mean one thing, and winking or looking away might mean another thing. We want our children to pick those things up and know about how to interact with humans. On the flip side, social media and online culture is part of our culture now too. And so, depriving them of that and having them be blocked, deprived of what their culture now is, has also seemed harmful. So, for me and my wife, thinking about it, I don't want them to know nothing about the internet, but I don't want them to jump in with both feet and have all of their experiences. So, what proportion is that? You know, 20% of your day on the internet? That seems reasonable maybe. Many people are at 80%, 90% sometimes. I think it might be better to be at 5%, only when you're needing it to reach out or do things. But I don't know the answer to that. We're doing this big experiment. But we've done these experiments before. We did these experiments, like you said, with television, 200 channels. We did this experiment with the radio. We did this experiment with the printing press, when suddenly you could go into a library and just there were books everywhere. What would that do to people? And I'm generally an optimist, you can probably already tell. Humanity's done pretty good so far. The last 100 technologies didn't end things, whether it was machine guns or nuclear war or weapons. So, I'm cautiously optimistic, but I think we will rebalance, and it won't necessarily be someone telling us. It'll be people figuring out, "I don't feel good when I use this." So, both my son and daughter routinely mention to me when they turn off apps, remove, pick your social media. They just need a break. And I think that's again, a sign that people individually have enough autonomy to figure out for themselves, what's working and what's not. But it would be good to have a body of knowledge to reinforce that and make it feel okay. You're not missing out. You're not punished because you turned this off for a few days or weeks. - Yeah, the algorithms punish you for turning it off for a while. It favors a pretty consistent cadence of posting and interaction. I'm very surprised that somebody had the good sense to steer parents away from buying mobiles. We should probably explain, these are, like, things that you hang above the baby's crib, of course, and they spin around. They have kind of like branches on a tree. They're colorful. They have motion. Babies can interact with them safely, this kind of thing. I'm quite surprised, pleased but surprised to hear that when the ideal mobile for getting babies to attend with just the simple faces was discovered, that somebody intervened and said, "Hey, just because they like it doesn't mean it's good for them." I mean, everything else in sort of a commercial industry runs exactly the opposite way, until we discover it's actually harming us. So, I'm positively surprised. I don't know who made that decision. But I'm relieved to hear that if you go buy a mobile now, it's not the one that would maximally cause the baby to attend. It's the one that's best for their development of the visual system. And I immediately think of iPads. - I mean, if you give a baby an iPad, they will just be there all day. - And we think, 'Oh, well, they like it'. We sort of know it's not good for them, and yet it's become the digital babysitter that the television used to be. Now, I'm not anti-technology. I mean, I grew up in Silicon Valley, after all. And I use technology, including social media. But I guess I'm concerned and struck by this question of where to draw the line. So, in this instance, somebody had the good sense. But, I mean, the food equivalent would be, sure, I'm sure kids would prefer ice cream. - Right. - They'd eat it all day long, - Right, that's right. -as opposed to things that are more nutritious for them. - But there are consequences. - But someone had to intervene. - Yeah, yeah. I mean, there's a bunch of things that brings to mind. One is, how studying the brain informs how we should use our brains. One idea, as you mentioned, was early language development. Alison Gopnik and other people have looked into there's contrasts in sounds that we can't hear. And so, when my kids were young, we said, 'Oh, we should expose them to all those sounds.' And so, there's a company called Baby Einstein, and they play, you know, Spanish or French or... But we don't really know how much of these languages should they be exposed to. What is the right mix to make them better world citizens, better learners, smarter, more resistant to disorders or whatever? We don't know the answer to that, so we're just running the natural experiment. I tell everybody that being a neuroscientist is way easier than being a parent. There's just too many choices, and there's no control group. There's no way to run it again until you find out the actual answer. What's interesting was that it turns out exposing babies passively to the sounds from other languages really doesn't change very much at all, because there's no interaction. So, the Chinese tones or the Swedish vowels, these different sounds, when they're not really interacting with you, when they're just on the screen, you don't pick them up. Which is really fascinating, that your brain already knows, 'That's a TV.' And how does it know that? It knows it because your interactions with it are so limited. I took Spanish as a kid, and they said, "You should watch telenovelas and learn Spanish, and you'll learn the culture, and you'll pick it all up. You'll get the humor and the jokes." I didn't learn that much from it, because no one was talking to me. I was watching passively. And so, we now know that when you're actively engaged, you're going to have better neuroplasticity, better generalization. You're going to better connect it than when you just sit back and watch. Here, swiping is not exactly no interaction. You have some, but it's pretty impoverished, pretty limited. So, I suspect a lot of it isn't that bad. It just kind of comes in one ear and goes out the other. But that also means those hours aren't spent doing something else. Playing in the mud, getting your immune system developed, interacting with children, hitting things with a ball. You maybe aren't taking as many risks. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe you're not getting as many head injuries as we used to get. So, I think we got to take the good with the bad. But in general, the idea that neuroscience is accessible and that we learn that our experiences really matter, I think that's the exciting part. Why is ChatGPT so smart? We train it on every word we ever wrote, the whole species, and then that went into these billions of connections, and those billions of connections produce something that's relatively sophisticated. The same thing for a child. Here's a child. The experiences they have matter. All the kids are going to learn to walk, or almost all of them, by a year, but a lot of things happen during that year, a lot of falls, a lot of tumbles, a lot of whats, a lot of stairs. And so I think, for me, having those large fraction of experiences be what I call real, having the statistics of the natural world, things that our grandparents would have recognized and been familiar, that's likely to be something that's good for your brain both as a youth, as well as a full-grown adult. Then you ask the question, how about at the end of life? At the end of life, is it now okay? My brain's already done. Can I swipe to my heart's consent? Can I watch 'Wheel of Fortune' or whatever I want all day long? The evidence suggests it also causes depression and anxiety. If your day doesn't involve other people communicating, if there aren't surprises, someone knocks on the door. When I was a kid, people knocked on the door a lot. It was a big surprise. That's not a surprise children have that much anymore, someone just randomly knocking, because they would have texted. And so, the surprises are now coming from, I got a text. Oh, Bill wants to come over. As the population ages, many people are likely to find out that having too many experiences that are disconnected from reality, that are just a show that's made to be engaging and interesting, isn't as good as getting on a boat and driving someplace, visiting some location, getting on a bus, driving, flying, whatever it is. So, travel gives you different experiences. You smell different smells. You hear different things. And those engage, again, those neuromodulators. Those neuromodulators then help make changes because the vast majority of inputs we take in, we just throw away. We're not memorizing every place I ever was, every place I ever set my keys, every word everyone ever said. I mean, none of us are tape recorders. We're picking which moments are the moments that are useful. And that's hard to know, because we don't know what the future looks like. But we're making guesses based on what the past looks like. And so when the past is abnormal, robotic, exaggerated in its novelty, we make changes assuming the future's going to look like that, and the future may not be. The future may be a job, and it may not be this exciting. And it may be hard to stay focused for eight hours a day if you're used to something exciting happening every two and a half seconds and then I have to do a job. For me, it's writing, where I have to sit and stay focused for hours at a time trying to put a handful of ideas together in a way that other people understand, or try to develop a new treatment for someone who's suffering from a serious neurological psychiatric disorder. It just takes hours and hours of focus. And for me, fishing was helpful for that. Sit there with your dad and you just fish for hours. And you go, "What are you doing?" "We're not catching. We're fishing." It just means we have a line in the water, and there might be a fish. There might not be. And it may only be 1% of the time you're catching a fish. It might be one-tenth of a percent of your time you're catching a fish. But that's enough, because the time spent in anticipation, and waiting, and preparation, those were meaningful times as well. So, I think there's a little bit of a shift toward what are the key parts? Is it the dopamine hit, the exciting, the novelty part, or is it all the other stuff? And we're now learning from the training of these networks, all of it matters. All of those inputs, all of those syllables, all the junk words matter. And so, I think that shift toward thinking we know what's important, the stuff we think of as important, that may not be all of it. All the rest probably plays an important role too. - I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our sponsor, AG1. AG1 is a vitamin-mineral-probiotic drink that also includes prebiotics and adaptogens. As somebody who's been involved in research science for almost three decades, and in health and fitness for equally as long, I'm constantly looking for the best tools to improve my mental health, physical health, and performance. I discovered AG1 back in 2012, long before I ever had a podcast, and I've been taking it every day since. I find it improves all aspects of my health, my energy, my focus, and I simply feel much better when I take it. AG1 uses the highest-quality ingredients in the right combinations, and they're constantly improving their formulas without increasing the cost. In fact, AG1 just launched their latest formula upgrade. This next-gen formula is based on exciting new research on the effects of probiotics on the gut microbiome, and it now includes several clinically studied probiotic strains, shown to support both digestive health, and immune system health, as well as to improve bowel regularity and to reduce bloating. Whenever I'm asked if I could take just one supplement, what that supplement would be, I always say, "AG1." If you'd like to try AG1, you can go to drinkag1.com/huberman. For a limited time, AG1 is giving away a free one-month supply of omega-3 fish oil, along with a bottle of vitamin D3 plus K2. As I've highlighted before on this podcast, omega-3 fish oil and vitamin D3-K2 have been shown to help with everything from mood and brain health, to heart health, to healthy hormone status, and much more. Again, that's drinkag1.com/huberman to get a free one-month supply of omega-3 fish oil plus a bottle of vitamin D3 plus K2 with your subscription. brought to us by Carbon. Carbon is a diet coaching app built by nutrition expert, Dr. Layne Norton. Now, I've used Carbon for more than three years now, and I have to say it's among the most powerful tools for nutrition coaching and effective weight management that I've ever encountered, especially if your goal is like mine, which is to maintain or build muscle while also losing fat. Now, I'm turning 50 years old this September, and even though I consider myself in pretty good shape, and I've been training for a long time and trying to eat right, one of my goals is to hit 50 in the absolute best shape of my life. To do that, I'm dialing in my nutrition, using Carbon, with the goals of increasing my muscle mass, increasing my strength, while also decreasing my body fat. I've been raving about the Carbon app to friends, and to family, and to members of my Huberman Lab team over the last few years, and everyone who's joined me in using it has found it to be tremendously useful. In fact, some of those people are going to join me in my approaching 50 fitness goals and body composition goals. My birthday is September 26th, and so I'd like to invite you to join if you would like to improve your body composition and fitness, to also use the Carbon app. Now, there are a lot of apps out there that are focused on fitness and nutrition, but what makes Carbon different is that it doesn't just hand you a one-size-fits-all plan. It actually learns your metabolism over time, and it adapts your program based on your results. It also allows you total flexibility in how you eat. So, if you're looking to take a smarter, more personalized approach to your nutrition, I can't recommend the Carbon app enough. To try Carbon, you can go to joincarbon.com/huberman. While Carbon does not typically offer trials or promotions, they've agreed to give a free seven-day trial to all Huberman podcast listeners. Again, that's joincarbon.com/huberman to get a seven-day free trial. You and I both come from lineages of neuroscientists that focus on neuroplasticity. My lineage, through Hubel and Wiesel, were really about the developmental plasticity piece. Your lineage, through Mike Merzenich, and others, it's really about the adult plasticity piece. So, I'm hoping that as we move forward, you'll be willing to do a little bit of an experiment with me. As you were talking just now, what I realized is my real wish, not just for this conversation, but in life, is to come up with some real understanding of what the requirements for plasticity are, in a way that regardless of how the world changes, AI, social media, love, scuba diving, snorkeling, et cetera, regardless of the inputs, that we can make the best informed choices. Understanding, of course, that not all of life is about rewiring ourselves. Some of life is about enjoying ourselves. So, if I may, I'm going to just put up a couple of things on the nonexistent whiteboard here to frame in peoples' minds. I think we understand, just by observation for thousands of years, but also now from science, that from the time we're born, until about 25, there's a lot of passive experience that helps reorganize the brain. Negative experiences get kind of stamped down. They can be undone through work like talk therapy, and maybe some neural augmentation that we'll talk about later for PTSD. This is also true in adulthood. But it's clear that there are at least two things that are required for plasticity at all stages of life. One is some degree of focus, right? It just can't be stuff in the room. It can't be classical music playing in the room. You're not going to build a Mozart, or even somebody that can play even a fraction of an instrument. But if a kid learns an instrument, they can do it. - If an adult really focuses and tries to learn an It's just slower in adulthood, in most cases. The other piece that I'm aware of, and tell me if I'm off here, is sleep is required. A lot of the rewiring of neural connections actually occurs during rapid eye movement sleep and deep sleep. You can't just focus and just work infinitum. You need sleep. You need rest for the rewiring to occur. But as you're telling me about these experiments... And by the way, I was not aware of this experiment that kids will attend more to a kind of a cartoon face than to a real face. I was not aware of that. As you're telling me about that, or fishing, or we're talking about music learning, or language learning, I believe the best way to learn a language is to place yourself into an environment where it's critical that you learn it, like go to a foreign country. And if you need to learn how to navigate by virtue of understanding and speaking some remnants of that language, you're going to learn it much more quickly than sitting in Spanish class back in the United States. So, I'm wondering if in my mental model of how to change one's brain, that in addition to focus, which requires alertness, right? In addition to focus and periods of sleep for the rewiring to occur, maybe I can... If you have a better word, let me know, but I want to introduce this, an element of friction. That there needs to be focus and friction, right? Because with the kid looking at the face, the cartoon face, there's focus but there's no friction to get there. With friction, like, there's some element of self-generated work. Like with the snorkeling, you have to get wet. You have to go under the water. - You have to put the mask on. It's kind of weird to breathe through a snorkel the first time you do it. It's kind of uncomfortable. There are a bunch of things that go with it that make that experience so much more enriching in terms of how it rewires the brain. And traumatic events, unfortunately, engage focus and friction. - So, it meets this requirement. So, I'm trying to come up with a table here. And, as scientists, we should try and disprove what we're putting up, right? But I feel like what one wants is just enough friction, a lot of focus, and then a period of rest in order for plasticity to occur. And maybe in a video game, there isn't enough friction. Your daughter being involved and very interested rather in real-world human experiences, it's a pseudo-random walk. I mean, there's some regularities about how humans interact, but it's kind of a near infinite space. And it certainly is valuable to have social-emotional intelligence. - We know this. So, what are your thoughts about needing to work, in addition to focus, in order to get meaningful... And when I say meaningful, I mean really adaptive plasticity. Stuff that makes us smarter, makes us better people, makes us feel more fulfilled. I mean, it's not all about, you know, test scores. But a really good life is one in which, you know, you feel like the things you're doing have meaning. - You don't look back on the past year and go, 'Yeah, that was just a bunch of shmooey experiences.' - Yeah, I mean, to start on the part you ended on, I mean, I really think reflection on these topics... This is another one that was a big surprise, is that thinking about it later also rewires your brain, not just the sleeping part when you're clearly thinking about it and turning it over in your mind. - That's a very good point. - But as you're on the way home from the game. - As you're planning to drive to the game, or the date, or the business appointment, or whatever it might be, that idea that all the learning doesn't happen at this one moment, but there was some preparation that went into it. There was the actual event, which often has the friction you're describing, where there's some engagement, and decisions are being made, where there's information being transmitted, and information being gained. And then this period of reflection where you're wondering about it, you're thinking about it. For me, often, looking back over my pictures, either of having a child, or going on vacation, is helpful in reorganizing it and reframing it. For me, those are helpful things to do. But the idea that this is all happening at one snapshot, that's how we used to think of it. We used to think of it as light bulbs went off, you memorize the picture, and you're done. But that's not how any of the idea is. It's not how math is viewed. It's not how language is organized in our brain as a series of these memorization events. We're trying to make use of it. And what's going to be useful is hard to anticipate, hard to predict. So, I like to think of it sort of from an information point of view. How many bits of information? So, a bit of information is just a yes or a no. And we now live in a world where a floppy drive doesn't have a kilobit. You know, they're not a megabit. - Some people won't even know what a floppy drive is. But we're dating ourselves. - Yeah. You could get gigabits. You can get terabits. So, we're talking about billions, trillions of bits. And you wonder how much did you learn when you were going up to the plate and you were going to hit the ball? Well, this pitcher makes a particular look when he's going to give a slider. This person gives a particular glint in their eye when they're about to say something mean. Each way you watch that person is giving you information about what's happening in the future. But you have to be there, and you have to see that person having that experience. Now as the ball is traveling down to you, or as the person is about to, you know, pull the ball away from you in the Charlie Brown analogy, or whatever the experience is, having that sequence of events, you have a prediction. It's pretty low reliability that this is going to be a slider. Then I start to see, 'Hey, it looks like a slider.' Then I swing at it, and I miss, and I say, "That was a slider. I missed that one." Then I think about it at the end of the day, and I go back, and for many of us, you dream about it. What is all that about? My original interest in neuroplasticity actually came because something happened to me, and not something I chose to happen. I worked in a lab, in college, squeezing the salivary glands of Drosophila. So, the little maggots in the fruit flies. If you squeeze them, they have these banded patterns, which is where all their DNA and their chromatin, the organization of the DNA is organized. And my job was to look and find, it looked like barcodes. So, it'd be a thick line, thick line, thin line, thin line, thick line, thick line. - Like in the saliva? - It's actually in the cells. It's a syncytium, so about 900 cells all fused together to make one cell. All the DNA then aligns when you stain it. This is in Ron Davis' lab at Baylor College of Medicine. But when I would close my eyes, I didn't see what I normally saw. What I saw were these bands, because I'd been staring every day at these patterns. And that happened to me several more times. When I spent a lot of time with that focus and that friction you're talking about, suddenly you start thinking about it differently. I had a conversation with a young man a few days ago. His native language is Spanish, but he told me, "I think my native language is English, because I only think in English. And when I talk to my mom, I have to translate." And they told me when I took Spanish, you'd eventually dream in Spanish. And I did a few times, but I never quite got good enough. So, that idea that when you have a really significant experience, you can close your eyes and see it. I believe that baseball pitchers are seeing the balls being thrown, and the signs being given. I believe that someone who's playing violin really well, or a neuroscientist who's doing surgery, they see those things. And that's a repetition. We now know from Olympic skiers that if you do all your time skiing, you're going to wreck your knees. So, they spend a lot of time in visualization. They spend a lot of time imagining what's going on, stepping through the motions, because it's too dangerous to go down the hill at that speed too many times. You'll eventually wreck your knees or break your back. But practicing it can be done offline, and that practicing, the neurons don't know. So long as you're engaged, so long as you're modified by it, that's sufficient. The problem is you're not learning anything new if you're just visualizing it. Where's the feedback from the world? There's not. But you get the repetitions. And so, that idea that we can combine... And again, many, many traditions for thousands of years have had these kinds of notions, you should go back and repeat these aspects to us. We need that extra benefit. Certainly that we should sleep. There are no cultures that say don't sleep. These are well-received, good ideas. We're now learning, how does that work? And I'm personally excited about the idea that it's about the connections. We had this idea from thousands of years ago. There are four or five things that could be in balance or out of balance. They were famously blood, phlegm, black bile, and yellow bile. And they could be in different levels, and the levels were all that were needed. And that made a lot of categories. Because with four things at several different levels, you can make lots of categories. And the Myers-Briggs personality test, you take a few dimensions and you can kind of explain anything. But whether that's really how we work, where we really are too much blood, too much bile, too much phlegm, or even too much serotonin, too much norepinephrine, too much dopamine, maybe there's more to us. Well, what could it be besides that? And the answer is, I think, the experiments from our forefathers, Ramón y Cajal, Camillo Golgi said, "It's the connections." And we went, "What do you mean connections? What would the connections do?" And now we know from some beautiful studies come out recently, it's 150 trillion of these things, inside my brain, inside your brain, inside each of our listeners' brains. And how did they get to be the way they are? Did the genes make them? The genes? There's only three billion base pairs in the genes. Not nearly enough. We only have 20,000 proteins. How could 20,000 make 150 trillion? They couldn't. Genes are critical. They set us up to learn, but they're not enough to tell us how we work. And I think that's true. But the genes are interacting with our experiences. As we listen, as we hear, our brain is being rewired, whether it's for Japanese, or English, or Swedish, whatever it might be. Our brains can learn anything. We can fly the space shuttle. You and I can fly the space shuttle. We can do brain surgery. All of us can. Just takes practice. That's the miraculous nature of the way our neurons work. And what's surprising to me is, I think we're close to figuring it out. How do the neurons work? 1949, this guy Donald Hebb said, "Fire together, wire together." That's it. A lot of us went, "Does that make any sense? If all of the neurons who fired, all wire together, wouldn't everything just fire together and everything just wire together and you'd have a seizure?" And the answer is that's exactly what happens. So, his intuition, though partly right, that the covariance, the co-occurring of these events is an important aspect of learning, it's not so simple. We found out that the neuron that fires a little late, they both fire together, but the neuron that fires a little bit late, instead of long-term potentiation, strengthening the connection, we get long-term depression, weakening. We've been working on the brain a hundred years, but we really only figured this out about 25 years ago. And then the fact that none of that happens, no firing together, wiring together, no out of sync, fail to link, none of that happens if the neuromodulators don't arrive. And the neuromodulators arrive a couple seconds later. So, the timing, whether to strengthen or weaken, is a millisecond, a thousandth of a second, says strong or weak? Which way should I go with it? And then I've got this two-second window that says sometime within a couple seconds, did it work? Was that a win or a loss? And if nothing happens, if it just wasn't important at all, then it all just gets flushed. In one ear, out the other. You just forget it. But when something exciting happens, you get release of acetylcholine, norepinephrine. These things go into the brain. They bind to receptors. They change what's happening inside the cell. And that computation is really sophisticated, and we don't have 100 billion things making that computation. We have a thousand trillion running that computation. And that computation is much more sophisticated than the computation that's happening when you train a large language network. Most of your listeners will have heard of artificial intelligence, machine learning, have some basic idea, but we know how that works because we built it. And it doesn't work how you and I work. It's a big, giant global learning signal and we just keep running around feeding it back in, and everybody learns, this is the right answer, and it threads through the entire network. Right and wrong is told to every single neuron in the network. It's something called gradient descent. And that process of improving the network, making it better and better and better at predicting has led to the revolution we've seen in artificial intelligence. What's cool is that our network is cooler. It's way bigger. ChatGPT has 540 billion weights. We are 150 trillion. So, that makes each of us 500 times bigger in scale. And instead of requiring huge amounts of energy, a light bulb is all it takes. Eat a hamburger a day, you have plenty of food, you can learn all day long with that amount of energy. There's not that much energy in a hamburger. And that's miraculous. And so, I think there's a lot of worry that when we learn about the brain, it will devalue humanity. We'll be less impressive. We'll be less exciting. I've just seen the opposite my whole career. If we were just genes, then you'd have eugenics, you'd have all these problems, you'd have people who are valued based on whether their genes are right or wrong. Turns out the 20,000 genes doesn't explain us. The hundreds of cell types don't explain us. It's the synapses. I think for a long time, we were hoping there'd be an easy fix. If someone had a problem, it'd be nice. If they just had too much blood, we can give them some leeches, drain the blood out, they'd be back to good, right? That's how George Washington died. But now we're learning, most people don't have four or five things that are right or wrong. They've got billions, but they're all changeable at any stage in life. They get really hard, don't disagree. To lose an accent, for example, or to get over a traumatic event. It could be really difficult. But the fact is, the brain is plastic until the very day you die. And that ability now to get our head around what does billions of connections mean? What is all this information for? It's informing me. Not just to make us better to beat someone else on a test or anything else like that, but it's just part of who I am. When I look at a cloud, I've never seen that cloud before. When I hear a baby coo, or I pet a cat, all those experiences are really information rich, right? Different cats feel different, different clouds look different, different babies make different sounds. And the fact that I get my unique experience, you get your unique experience, is what our great, great, great, great grandfathers told us, that we were unique and special. And then a lot of people looked at the clockwork universe and said, "No, no, no. It's all very deterministic. It's all very fixed. It's all very rigid. You're just a machine that does what it's told." It doesn't really seem right. The math guys now tell us as soon as you put three things together in a non-linear way, it's hard to predict what it's going to do. And the computer scientists in the world, my brother's one of them, have finally admitted we don't fully understand what it's doing. We don't even know how you could understand it. It's so rich and complicated, and we're now okay with that. That kind of humility about what computers are doing, and how they're working, can reflect back on our own bodies where I don't know exactly why I make every decision. I say lots of things I regret and go, "Oh, I shouldn't have said that." All of us do. But the idea that I can change it, and I can make amends for that, I can say, "That wasn't what I meant to say. I apologize for that," that's really exciting that there's a biological basis for it. And it's this four factor learning rule, where there's some proteins, receptors that are having binding of glutamate, and serotonin, and norepinephrine, all these words you've talked about before, but they add up to something. They don't eliminate me, they add up to me. And I think that's something we can really be proud of. And I think your getting this information out to audiences is really exciting, because people have the right to know this. Your taxpayer money has paid for all this knowledge. We've learned all this stuff, and it has real implications, whether it's for how we treat people with disability, how we treat our elders, how we treat people who've committed crimes. All these things have implications. And I'm not saying everyone needs to become a neuroscientist by any means, but it's not just a curiosity. It's not just a laboratory trick we wanted to work out. This understanding has implications, and we've been building, as our forefathers did in other fields, physics and all the rest. They've built all the way where their model of physics is pretty good. Our model of the brain is not there yet. We're not at that level of understanding everything, but moving in that direction, toward eventually being able to find some child, or some older person who's got a real problem, they just can't do it. We can switch from a mode of just labeling them, diagnose and adios, to a new mode of how can we assist you? And it might be changing lifestyles, changing diet, changing experiences, changing rhythms, changing friendships. But it might also be, in some cases, there's a real problem. Dopamine cells in the substantia nigra have died. We're going to need to make this change. We need to put a stimulating electrode in. Or if the hair cells in your ears all die, you can't hear. We now know why that is. They're not punished by God. They can't hear because the little vibrations in the air that we can't see aren't getting into their brain. So, we take a cochlear implant, we take a microphone, we record the vibrations, we put it into the brain in the right way, and now many people can hear. That was a miracle not too long ago. Now it's a technology you can just go buy. And moving that progress of neuroscientists some things, like schizophrenia, we've made very little progress on. It's very hard to figure out what we would do, but at least we understand the nature of the disease. It's not that they've got a germ, or a bacteria, or a virus. It's not that their one gene is big and bad and broken. It's not contagious. But there's some wiring challenges, and that most days someone with schizophrenia is perfectly normal. Most people with neurological and psychiatric disorders spend large periods of time normal between periods of migraines or depression. They are acting totally reasonable. And we want to spend more time, push them more toward those times of health, and satisfaction, and reward, and away from those times of disability, engagement limitations. And I think we're moving in that direction instead of labeling and putting people off in homes, more to engaging, understanding and then eventually intervening. I agree that progress is happening fast, and while sometimes it might seem that we're not moving in the right direction, I think neuroscience, uh, in particular is striving very hard. I say in particular because other fields like immunology, in particular, and physics have experienced great advances, as you've pointed out before, over the previous 100 years. Whereas, you know, any time there's been a, you know, pathogen that we've wanted to deal with and humans have put a lot of time and energy toward it, done a pretty good job of dealing with that pathogen. The same can't be said for neurologic diseases, like Alzheimer's. I mean, progress is coming, but it's been much more slow, and we don't have cures. We don't have pure solutions. I want to get into the neuromodulators in some degree of depth as it relates to neuroplasticity, and certainly the incredible work that you're doing with devices, vagal nerve stimulation, and so forth, for treatment of everything from PTSD, to tinnitus. You have a beautiful paper that came out recently in 'Nature.' Congratulations. We'll provide a link to that paper, as well as some of the others relating to restoration of motor function for people that have restricted motor function for various reasons. Before I do that, I can't help but raise once again this sort of mental model of plasticity that I'm trying to build out as we go along here, whereby focus and friction seem to be prerequisites. And I mentioned sleep. You added to that, reflection. And I just really want to underscore that, and certainly add it to this list that I'm building here. Because about six months ago, I did an episode on how best to study and learn. - And I went into the literature. I know what my study habits and tools are, and what I've used over the years. But I went into the literature, the peer-reviewed literature, and there were a number of takeaways, but perhaps the most salient one was that students who self-test learn much faster, and the information they learn is much more durable over time, they forget a lot less of it than any other method. So, tests are not just a way for others to evaluate us, but for us to evaluate ourselves. And it created a whole different picture of learning and memory for me, because a simple statement made by a psychologist, not a neuroscientist, was when something like, you know, self-testing protects against... It's anti-forgetting. - And most of learning is just intervening in the forgetting process. Just like there are a number of stimuli in this particular interaction that, unfortunately, I will forget, or fortunately, perhaps. So, the irrelevant stimuli I won't remember. And so, so much of what we learn is really about what we don't forget. It might seem like a trivial distinction to kind of flip it that way, but self-testing being key. And I think this element of reflection and mental rehearsal is so key. I think, again, I don't want to demonize social media, but I think that one of the downsides of smartphones and social media is that after we leave a lecture or a movie or a social interaction, in the past, prior to 2010 say, the tendency was to walk to one's car, drive home, maybe think about that interaction, think about what was good, think about what was bad, maybe let it kind of stew in us a bit. And now we tend to look at our phone and start getting additional stimuli that I think collides with, and occludes the learning that would have occurred. So, we don't get a lot of opportunity for reflection. There's a lot of sensory input. Some of it's deprived, some of it's rich, but there's not a lot of time for reflection. So, reflection and self-testing, kind of falling into the same bin and reinforcing learning and plasticity. The other one was that you talked about visualization, and these skiers who, to avoid harming themselves, they'd use visualization, as opposed to just more and more runs down the slope. We've heard before, all of us, that, you know, when you imagine an experience, the brain doesn't know the difference between that experience and a real-world experience. But, of course, a real-world experience includes other things. There's, you know, vestibular feedback. There's gravity feedback, you know, feedback with our relationship to gravity, to put it in common terms. There's all sorts of stuff. The wind in our ears. And you said, and I find this very interesting and very useful, that visualization and mental rehearsal can be useful for reinforcing things that we've already done in the real world, but it's probably not the best way to learn new things that we haven't done in the real world. So, we can pick any number of different examples, but I think people are smart enough to just leap to those on their own. So, if they're trying to learn something, and they're doing that in the real world, dancing, maybe it's a physical skill, maybe it's a cognitive skill, maybe it's an emotional skill, mental rehearsal is useful, is what I hear you saying, provided that you're rehearsing something that you actually did, as opposed to just imagining something and expecting that you're going to be able to do that something. Do I have that right? No, I think that's exactly right. I mean, if you know you're not going to need it, biology would have said, "You don't need this." It's a leaf that's wiggling in the air. I don't need to know where that leaf is. But this is the thing that cues me to where I'm going to find my next meal. That's going to be something I'm going to be interested in. If this is going to help me get a mate, I'm going to learn that. If this is going to be an irrelevant fact about a cloud, I'm not going to. And I think children have a lot of trouble with that at the stage in childhood where they'll see a plane up there and they'll say, "Oh my God, there's a little plane up there." That plane has no interaction with you at all, but they're fascinated by it. They're cued into it. They're interested in it. We all the time have to figure out, what are the things we're going to be tested on? What are the things you're going to need to know? And one of the ways you do that as educators, we both do, is you give them tests. And a lot of people say, "I can't wait to have the last test." Really? You want to have no more time when someone judges and determines, how'd you do? What is your evaluation? I think a lot of times, many of us become lifelong learners, and we're comfortable knowing that someone else knows more than me. I'm not going to win, but that I'll be able to find out, how much did I do, that I know what's possible, and testing is good for us. Educators do it not just to assign, and rank, and distribute, and give Bs, and Cs, and Ds, but someone says, "You could do better than that. If you got a D, you could have done better." I'm not saying you're flawed. I'm saying you didn't put in whatever was needed. And maybe that person does need to put more work in to get the B, or even the A. But it's not my opinion that they can't get it, it's that they didn't get it. Explaining what's real. What percent did you know? What did you actually learn? How good are you at throwing the tomahawk, at shooting the arrow, at doing rock climbing? The visualization I'm thinking about is, like, from 'Free Solo,' when he's imagining doing this. He's already done it, but he's now going through imagining it again. All of us do that. My children did martial arts, so they're both black belts in Taekwondo, and they would practice these forms. I took it at Berkeley when I was a student there, and I just really enjoyed it. Is it useful? I've never been in a street fight. I've never needed to apply these skills. But there was a beauty to it, there was a usefulness to it, and someone came and tested me. I made it to yellow belt, full disclosure. But I was going to need to know it, and so I knew I would stand in front of other people and admit, "I didn't learn it. I wanted to learn it , but I didn't learn it." Knowing that someone, a mentor you respect, a peer you value, a spouse who cares about you, whatever it is, is going to look and say, "How'd you do?" I don't think that's harmful, judgmental, negative. It's not part of the culture of exceptionalism and meritocracy. That's just, "Give me some feedback. How am I doing?" And a lot of times we can do extraordinary things when people do raise the bar on us a little bit, and that can be very self-fulfilling. Certainly an over test-focused culture. My mom was a master primary education educator. She didn't really care very much for all of the testing focused stuff. She thought, "I've got to get this kid to learn how to interact well with others and put away his crayon . I don't need to worry about these particular flashcard-based skills." But we go back and forth. With the times table, is that really important, memorizing how multiplication works? Or should you spend your time with all the states, 50 states and all their state capitals? I don't have an answer. I'm not here to tell you that I know what the right thing to do is. I don't know all the state capitals. My children do. Is that useful? I don't know whether that's going to come out valuable. And that's one of the exciting things about life . You don't know what's going to be helpful. Maybe playing a lot of video games is going to turn out to be really helpful. Have to have enough humility. I think certainly one of the things I know you've experienced as a scientis t is just the incredible humility that comes from recognizing this thing is way more complicated than how I'm thinking about it. It just is. We start there. We know that. And we're okay with that. We make our best model, our best explanation of what we've got, the explanation that fits the data that we have now that's as simple as possible. And the reason we choose the simplest one is it's the easiest to prove wrong when it's inevitably wrong, and we just make this incremental progress. Life's a lot like that too. Certainly parenting's a lot like that. I think this is going to be good for the kid, and then, no, this is not good for the kid. I think this is going to be bad for the kid. Oh, that turned out to be a really good learning experience, when they're in tears and there's some big crisis. So, understanding that we don't know it all, that things are typically neither as bad as they seem or as good as they seem, and that maximizing something, that's kind of one of the key concepts I worry about a little bit. Min maxima, min maximizing. Minimizing all the bad things, and maximizing all the good things assumes you know which things are bad and should be minimized, which things are good and should be maximized. And a lot of times, we come to recognize later in life, oh, many of those things that I really worked hard not to have happen, those are really valuable experiences, because they taught me either how to interact with other people who've had those experiences, or taught me some skill that I didn't know I would need to do. How to change a tire, or whatever else it is. You don't want your tire to go flat, but then you learn how to change a tire, and now you learn how a scissor jack works, or whatever thing that later comes in handy. So, to me, it's more the diversity of experiences than the better experiences. And I think right now we're a little bit at a time where there's enough judgment about which experiences should you be having. I just returned from Yellowstone National Park, and there's a little platform you can look down on Grand Prismatic Spring, and there's people who are just like, "You are looking at a 700-foot-across hot spring on top of a super volcano with rings of different colors of thermophilic bacteria and algae," and you go, "Take my picture and go." And it's just difficult to say, "Stop. Look at how big this is. It will take more time." So, I assume that the time you put into it, this is back to your friction idea, the time you put into it is probably proportional to the lasting impact it's going to have on your life. And so, when you're checking boxes, looking for things, it's probably not going to have much impact. When you're playing violin for the hundredth hour... I'm not a violin player, but there's a point where you eventually have changed who you are. You're now a violinist. I'm a neuroscientist. I don't think it's something that's hard to do. Anyone can do it. Just spend all day doing experiments. And that's what's neat about reading books, or being a skier, or being a parent. Everybody can get good at it, but you only have so many hours. And so, I always think about the pie chart. You only get 100%. Coaches always say, "110%. " There's no 110%. There's only 100%. How are you going to spend your time? Here I'm talking about the waking hours, because I'm not going to cut corners on the sleeping hours. And so, you just look, how am I going to spend it? Some time spent working, paying the bills, getting the job done, some time in leisure and recreation, some time with spiritual activities, and trying to make that balance. I find it looks a lot like it looked for my grandparents. But the proportions of that pie chart do not look like I just want to disengage and spend all my time streaming on social media, just me personally. People who have done that look a lot like you'd think someone who's addicted would look. They eventually realize, "It's just not doing it for me anymore. I don't get much satisfaction." Gilbert at Harvard did this great experiment looking at what made people happy, had these little things pop up, you may know about this experiment, and ask, "How are you feeling?" And, like, people were happy when they were getting eggs. It was just like, "I'm at the store. My wife said get eggs. I'm getting eggs." "How are you doing?" "I'm pretty good. I got eggs." That idea that you're happiest when you're accomplishing some simple goal, not some Olympic level impossible goal, but just some simple thing that needs to be done. What was surprising from that study was that when people were daydreaming, which for years we thought the pursuit of happiness, our forefathers thought if you could just sit and contemplate your naval and, you know, have the examined life, you'd be most happy. Not so. Oftentimes, contemplating our own life leads us to find someone who's got a better version of it, leads us to realize we're not accomplishing every goal. And so maybe humans evolved or created so that they would be actively engaged in doing something. That appears to be the case. And when we disengage, it appears that things happen that are not good. What are those? Typically, in psychiatry, they're called anxiety and depression. They're different things, but they may be very similar sides of a coin, where this is not working for me. And I think we can work back to, how about we go do the laundry? How about we go to the grocery store? And find out that that is, in fact, a satisfying activity, even though it's pedestrian. It's not something you're going to put an Instagram post on. You know, making good pancakes. I'm pretty good at making pancakes. I flip it over. It's just brown all along. I go, "That's a good pancake." Some people are not as good as me. I take a little pride in that. But I'm not beating them. I'm not better at pancake-making. I flip it over and go, "It's a pancake." I serve it to the kid. The kid goes, "Good pancake, Dad," you're sort of done. I think we devalue that by thinking, "I could just go to International House of Pancakes and they make a better pancake." I did it myself. A lot of people during COVID found out, making it yourself... I'd never made a bagel in my life, and suddenly we're locked down for two whole weeks and it's like, "Let's go make bagels, kids." And I went and made a bagel. It wasn't a good bagel. I can get a better bagel any place. But I made that bagel. I learned a little bit about it, and I appreciate better those people who master that. And now when I taste a bagel, I go, "Now I see why your bagel is better than my bagel." And so, I think those experiences are all coming into my brain. I still remember, obviously, or I wouldn't have mentioned it, this thing six years ago, when I'm sitting in my kitchen with my kids , and a pot of water and some flour, trying to figure out what I'm going to do with myself. I didn't want the whole world shut down, but I got that gift from it, that I have that better appreciation now of bagels. And I just think that's a world view that we really could have gone down a path where studying the brain made us unimportant. It made computers good, and humans bad. I'm not seeing that at all. I'm super proud of all my friends. I wouldn't rather hang out with a chatbot than with my friends. And I think that's going to continue to happen. I don't expect there's going to be a major revolution in that. And that's a surprise. It's a surprise that discovery keeps leading to good things, not bad things. There are a lot of dangerous things, as I mentioned, machine guns and nuclear weapons, but we mostly haven't used those things. We've made all this good stuff. So, you can see I'm an optimist, and it partly comes from studying the brain. I get to study the brain while it's alive, and listen to neurons while they're actually firing. Other people looked at it while it was in dead tissue under a microscope, but they were both able to see, "This thing is alive," and that was reflective of how I feel as a live person, not as a machine, not as a pawn, not as a, you know, one vote in a democracy, but as a real person. And neuroscience is supporting that. And that's been the history of science. We didn't ruin things when we found out that the sun's not revolving around us. It made it better when we found out we're revolving around the sun. We're not the only galaxy. All those things were good for us. But at first, people were really nervous about having the answer . I've just been surprised that finding the answer keeps being the good thing. You'd rather have the answer. There are no answers we don't want. That's really surprising to me, because it could have turned out we're all bad, and there's nothing here, and all the nihilist philosophies and all the rest would be right. But that doesn't appear to be the case. And all that comes from this sort of friction, this reflection, all these issues, learning about how the brain works, all the way down at the biological level, all the way up to societies and groups of people who continue to be mostly pro-social, mostly taking care of each other, mostly not destroying the Earth, figuring things out, making adjustments. The ozone layer had a hole in it. We made some changes. That seems very reasonable. We may not be fast about it all the time , but we tend to make the right path , both in science, as well in our species, and I think that's because they're both using the same mechanism. We get feedback from the world. When we make the wrong choices, we see it. That's true as a parent, true as a scientist. When things don't work, you're going to find out. And I like that feedback from the world. acknowledge one of our sponsors, Function. Last year, I became a Function member after searching for the most comprehensive approach to lab testing. Function provides over 100 advanced lab tests that give you a key snapshot of your entire bodily health. This snapshot offers you with insights on your heart health, hormone health, immune functioning, nutrient levels, and much more. They've also recently added tests for toxins, such as BPA exposure from harmful plastics, and tests for PFAS, or forever chemicals. Function not only provides testing of over 100 biomarkers key to your physical and mental health, but it also analyzes these results and provides insights from top doctors who are expert in the relevant areas. For example, in one of my first tests with Function, I learned that I had elevated levels of mercury in my blood. Function not only helped me detect that, but offered insights into how best to reduce my mercury levels, which included limiting my tuna consumption, I'd been eating a lot of tuna, while also making an effort to eat more leafy greens, and supplementing with NAC, N-acetyl cysteine, both of which can support glutathione production and detoxification, and I should say, by taking a second Function test, that approach worked. Comprehensive blood testing is vitally important. There's so many things related to your mental and physical health that can only be detected in a blood test. The problem is, blood testing has always been very expensive and complicated. In contrast, I've been super impressed by Function's simplicity, and at the level of cost. It is very affordable. As a consequence, I decided to join their scientific advisory board, and I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring the podcast. If you'd like to try Function, you can go to functionhealth.com/huberman. Function currently has a wait list of over 250,000 people, but they're offering early access to 'Huberman Podcast' listeners. Again, that's functionhealth.com/huberman to get early access to Function. I share and love your sense of optimism. I was thinking about default settings that we arrive into the world with, and it seems, at least to me, that our default setting is to learn. The young brain is poised to learn. And then as we learn, perhaps the only thing we need to be cautious of with respect to technology is how technologies might be kind of nudging our default settings in terms of behavior. I thought a lot about this recently, and I thought, you know, 'How much time per day am I on my phone versus working on my book edits versus, you know, preparing for a solo podcast?' All of which, I love preparing for podcasts, and I love being here doing podcasts, and I love writing. And it's hard. But this focus and friction thing together, plus reflection, I'm not trying to play psychologist here, but in my mind I have this very simple mathematical formula that says that, you know, focus, plus friction, plus reflection, and sleep not only give you neuroplasticity, but those things combined are also, what I'm hearing from you, is that they contribute to this thing called meaning. Like, the pancake experience has meaning because there was some friction, because it wasn't as good as perhaps you could go buy from International House of Pancakes. Which, by the way, their pancakes are not that good. I'm just going to put that out there. Yeah, come after me, but like, the pancakes, they don't taste... They're a deprived pancake- - Sure. - ...experience in my view. - Step it up, guys. But that friction of the... You know, your bagel, I agree. The bagel you made, even though I didn't taste it, was probably not as good as the bagel you can get in Manhattan. They make pretty good bagels in Manhattan. - That's what I thought. Yeah. - But the effort that you put into it, and the thought and the fact that it came from a mild deprivation, you couldn't go out and buy bagels, is, you know, that's the friction. There's some focus. There's a reflection. It's still with you, and you extract meaning from it one way or the other. Or you discard the experience and you decide there was no meaning there, and the meaning was no meaning, and you just kind of go to the next thing. But I think that the human brain, as you said, it's interesting. Earlier you were talking about yellow bile, black bile, what's the other one? Phlegm, and... - Blood. - And blood. Those are the four components that for many years people in medicine thought were, like, the critical elements of human experience, and biology, and health, or lack of health. And then we shifted, as you pointed out, to serotonin, norepinephrine, acetylcholine, and dopamine. We'll go there in a moment. But ultimately, - those are just the substrates by which we make bagels, or we have a lasting experience of meaning with an advisor or, more importantly, a parent. Right. - This is like the alchemy of life. And neuroplasticity is really the process, right? I always have to emphasize to people that these things have names, but they're not nouns, they're verbs. Plasticity is a process that brings it together. That's the cooking of sorts. So, in any case, I'm not trying to do philosophy here, but there's so much richness in what you're offering, in terms of these real world, very basic examples but they have real meaning because of what the context was, and how you reflect on them now still. So, let's talk about those four elements. Not yellow bile, black bile, phlegm, and blood. Gross. Bile just sounds gross, even though I'm sure it does useful things. I know it does useful things. Let's talk about serotonin, dopamine, norepinephrine, and acetylcholine, in particular. These are neuromodulators. They modulate the activity of neurons. They make them typically more active, but sometimes less active. You mentioned a few of the hubs in the brain that release these different neuromodulators. I'm familiar with those. But maybe you could step us through the way that you think about them, and educate us on them, because I'm learning so much from you already today, and I want to learn how you think about neuroplasticity, and what these four kind of macro nutrients of neuroplasticity are. - Yeah. I mean, they remind me of the sort of four fundamental forces of nature, and that we're looking for the grand unified theory, right? So, in physics, you've got electromagnetism, gravity is strong, nuclear force, and weak nuclear force. We're trying to put them all together. We know they all exist, but what do they all do individually? How do they all work together? They make tables. I mean, that's what all this stuff does. For me, those four neurotransmitters began as a simple experiment searching for an explanation. My story of this is easy in the beginning. I heard about one experiment done by Gregg Recanzone in the early '90s and a monkey is reaching out and having a vibration on the tip of his finger and if he pays attention to it enough, he can double the number of neurons in his brain, or triple, or sometimes five times more neurons that respond to a touch of the finger. That's amazing. That monkey was also listening to a sound that happened just as often, but his auditory cortex did not change because he wasn't listening to the tone. What was useful to him was the touch. He'd pull his hand away and get a pellet reward based on the touch. And the other, the sound was a distraction, so his brain learned touch, not sound. One of the other monkeys was randomized to be in the other group. That monkey was also getting his finger vibrated, but that vibration was a distraction, and now the sounds mattered. When the sound made a tiny change, he had to pull his hand away At the time I was a biochemistry major, and I thought, 'Wait, I know the cellular basis of life. There's all these cells. This is kind of the big idea from the last century, life is made of cells. Why? Who knows. But that's a core idea, and it's true. DNA is one of the other core ideas, how proteins work. But how does a cell, one 100 billionth of me, how does it know which I'm paying attention to? It can't know everything. With ChatGPT, it does know everything. We send a signal to every cell, we have a broadcast system, every cell knows everything because that's how it's built. But with us, a cell, I didn't know of a way, there was no biology then or now, where one cell could know what is happening about everything. The closest thing that was available was release of acetylcholine. We knew that if you took a drug, for 100 years we've known, that blocks all the acetylcholine, you won't remember anything. Nothing you're hearing on this podcast will be remembered if you took a drug that blocked acetylcholine. You just won't remember anything. It's an amnestic. People used to give it to patients when they'd have surgery so they wouldn't remember all the horrible pain. - What is the drug? - The drug's anticholinergics like scopolamine, atropine. These are drugs that block acetylcholine just by preventing the neurotransmitter from binding to the receptor. These are now date rape drugs, these kinds of things. They're really bad, because they block our memories, and we need our memories. And we knew acetylcholine was responsible, but that doesn't really explain how it works. The fact that you need it doesn't say what it's doing. So, the hypothesis was maybe the animal's paying attention doesn't matter. Maybe it's simpler than that. And maybe what's really happening is each time the animal tries pays attention, focuses with that friction, with that attention that at that moment, there's a burst acetylcholine being released. So, I mentioned Mahlon DeLong recorded from those neurons, and sure enough, when an animal's doing this task, those neurons fire. So, the question was if I flipped it around and said let me put an electrode in those neurons, now there is no task. I'm going to activate just those neurons while a tone happens. Can I also quadruple the number of neurons that respond to that tone? And it doesn't mean anything to the animal at all. Like, I know it doesn't mean anything, because there is no reward. The animal's not hungry. Nothing is happening. So, that was the work I did with Mike Merzenich. And the answer is it worked, which was just incredible. The brain, the proportion of neurons that respond to your finger or to a particular smell, or to a particular orientation of light all those can be changed based on the relative timing of the release of neurotransmitters, including acetylcholine and the activity in your brain, which is a very rich data source, lots of information about sights and sounds and smells. It has to happen a lot of times. How many? Hundreds of times per day for many, many days. That's what happened to me when I was squashing those flies. Every day I'd go in and look at the same pattern, and I'd close my eyes, and I'd see it. It didn't happen once. It required that spaced repetition we know from psychology and neuroscience is required to change the brain. And so, okay, I can change the brain with this one thing. Others came along and said, What if instead of doing acetylcholine I stimulated instead of nucleus basalis releasing acetylcholine I stimulated locus coeruleus releasing norepinephrine? Same thing happens. Wait a minute. It's a totally different brain area. Doesn't matter. I release these neurotransmitters. I also can quadruple it. All right? What if I did dopamine? You also get an increase. So, the idea is I'm just labeling these things, all these events. I'm awash in information. Everything I look, every leaf that wiggles, every breath of air wind against my face, every bit of my shirt, most that I ignore because it doesn't matter. But I'm learning what matters and what doesn't matter. And a baby is doing it by fumbling around with their fingers and hitting themselves and trying to get the bottle. We're doing it by trying to figure out what gets us social cues, what gets us reward, or prestige, or mating opportunities, or safety, or security. And the way the neurons know, the tiny, tiny, tiny fraction of me, is this little release. And this release is very transient. It's not about how much there is. It's about the timing of it. And the psychologists knew this. You ring a bell, you feed the dog, the dog starts to salivate. So, these classic experiments by Ivan Pavlov simply show that the brain can change. Why does the salivation change because of a ringing bell? Because that's the thing that leads to this event being useful. It's useful to the dog to prepare for this activity, and so you condition this particular synapse to be strengthened, where normally bells just ring. Dogs don't care about bells. Bells don't matter. It's just a church... Just the end of the hour. Ignore it. But if over time you repeatedly teach, then you make this change. When we teach undergraduates, 'What does acetylcholine do,' we will sometimes say it's the memory neurotransmitter. And when we say, 'What does norepinephrine do,' we'll sometimes say it's the attention one. 'What does dopamine do," it's the reward one. 'What does serotonin do,' we'll sometimes say it's the mood one. And there's reasons for that. And they have a lot to learn, and making it simple is a good idea. But the chance that any given word in English has a biological basis one molecule, one cell type, one rhythm, is zero. There's an infinite number of words we could've made. There's a lot of complex biology. There isn't likely, in my opinion, this is a rare opinion, there isn't likely to be an attention thing. It's just a word we made up to describe a series of phenomenon. There doesn't have to be a gene for that. We think there does. There's a gene for everything. There's lots of genes for everything. So, the way it works, to bring this all together these forces all coming together, is called the synaptic eligibility trace. This is Alfredo Kirkwood's work, and many others. He's at Johns Hopkins. But many people have contributed to this. The synapse has learned, 'I need to strengthen long-term potentiation, because there's a presynaptic input releasing typically glutamate onto the postsynaptic cell, the cell that's receiving it and because the order was right, release glutamate, and then respond I should strengthen. But 99.99999 times out of 100, I don't do it. I just let it go. I was going to strengthen it but then that wasn't important. I just let it go.' A handful of seconds each hour matter, and we're trying to pick which ones matter. Maybe it's 100, but it's not every second matters. Some small fraction. And what we discovered is by triggering this release we're using the same way biology always works, it's how you learn to play a violin I made a squeaky note. I go, "Something there was wrong. I need to make an adjustment. " And what's weird is it's the same cocktail when it's a good thing or a bad thing. Acetylcholine, norepinephrine, serotonin, dopamine, of course, changes negatively when it's bad, and positively when it's good. But all of these things dump onto the cell. - And that postsynaptic cell spine is trying to figure out, 'Should I strengthen or weaken?' And they all work together in a very bizarre way to create that spike timing-dependent plasticity, and so it's a four-factor learning rule. Relative timing, pre-post, thousandth of a millisecond is two of them. Then arrival on two G protein-coupled receptors. That's just the name they were given. It's not a good name, I don't think there's not an H protein-coupled receptor that I know of. But these G protein-coupled receptors are running this computation, super sophisticated computation, way better than what AI's got. And that computation means I can play pool, or I can learn to swim, or I can learn to walk, or I could speak French if I wanted to. And the fact that these neurotransmitters are working together in consort is a surprise. It seemed like they would likely do different things. And my understanding of why we keep thinking that is because when I look inside my car, everything in the car has a different purpose. The brakes have nothing to do with the transmission. The transmission has nothing to do with power steering. The power steering has nothing to do with the muffler. But that's because a human designed it, and the way we think about things is to make one thing that does one job, one thing that does another job, one thing that does another job. Biology, evolution is a tinkerer, and it just makes up live and die. Sometimes the wolf lives, sometimes the wolf doesn't live. And we end up with this very messy thing where all these pieces work together really well. But when we try to give them labels, what is the thing that's causing Alzheimer's? What's the thing that's causing schizophrenia? that's causing stroke? Sometimes it's easy. For stroke, it's a blood clot causes damage to the brain. But for the vast majority of things, it's a whole bunch of nature-nurture mumbo jumbo, where a bunch of experiences, stress, anxiety, plus a bunch of genes, interacted. But the part we have control over are these synapses. The brain, as you know, is mostly not going to get very many new neurons. You get some new neurons, but not very many. Most of your neurons you got now, you're going to die with. But all those spines are turning over all the time, just like all the cells in your face are turning over every few weeks. Those spines are turning over, and changing, and reprocessing your memories, and by understanding now how this works, we think we can help people who are stuck. So, there's a large number of people in our society, maybe because of social media, but maybe that happened before social media, who are really broken, have really bad traumatic events, fear of death, and they just can't get over it. They're stuck in a way that's not helpful. It's called post-traumatic stress disorder. And we're now switching this from the exciting knowledge, learning in the lab how fruit flies, and worms, and sea slugs work, and finding out there's a lot of similarity to how the mouse works, and a lot of similarity to how the monkey works, and a lot of similarity to how we work, mostly the same, the genes. Certainly the ones we've been talking about so far, all the identical genes in all these species. Can we then make use of it? And it's kind of scary, because you think, 'I don't want someone coming around and changing my brain.' But if I asked you, and I said I was stuck, just like if I said my bone is broken, of course I want a doctor to put those two bones together, put that cast on, and help the healing process. Most ways we get injured, we don't need a doctor. Scratch a wound, you know, get a cold, doctor's not going to help you. But for many of them, you need someone to set that bone, put it right. And we're just now moving to this stage, where first psychologists, and lately now neuroscientists, are learning how to reset those. Many people have a great fear of heights, which is a smart thing to have. You don't want to fall off a cliff. It's super bad. You could die. But for some people, they can't work at a building they need to work at because their fear is so great. My psychologist friends who have been mastering this arcane art of cognitive behavioral therapy now claim 100% cure rate for severe fear of heights. People who are really debilitated, not just afraid of a height. Everyone's afraid of a height. You should be. It's a smart thing. That's adaptive. But for maladaptive, which is produced by some bad experiences, typically, they think, it's not my field, after decades of research doing it slightly differently, they can make it worse, which you don't want to do, but they've now found a path to rewire the brain and restore people. People can now go on an airplane safely, if you go get the therapy. It costs some money. You've got to work with a therapist. But you can change your brain back. And if you don't do it right, you'll have that fear for the rest of your life. That'll be part of your personality. Now we learn you can make that change. For people with post-traumatic stress disorder, a similar therapy, cognitive processing therapy, or prolonged exposure therapy, will cure about 40% of people. That's fantastic. Sexual assault, a war, go get therapy. You got a good chance of being cured and never having this problem again. That didn't use to be the case. It used to be 20%. They made some changes and bumped it up to 40%. For military, it's about 20% chance. It's a little bit worse. It works less well in military populations, for a reason we don't really understand yet. a cure is possible, that's amazing. If we could have a cure, that's what people want. They want cures. They don't want to get a little better. They want a cure. And so, for some of the mental health conditions, not the ones we chose necessarily, but some of the ones we stumbled upon, we found out that that rewiring of the brain is so possible that you can take symptoms and push them all the way to zero. But what happens if you're in that group where you're in the 60%? You go to the therapy. You relive, you work with the therapist, you go through all the stuff, you do all the work, and you still have intrusive nightmares. You still have great fear of this. You still have a pounding heart, hypervigilance, avoidant behavior, all of the hallmark signs of post-traumatic stress disorder. What do you do there? And you can't blame the psychologist. You can't blame the patient. They've done what they can do. We now come to neuroscience and say, 'Well, what are the new avenues? What do you guys understand? How could it get stuck? How could it be broken?' And we used to think it was demons. Then we thought it was humors that are wrong, high or low. Now we think it's wires. And the answer is those wires are hard to change. - Neuronal wires. - The neuronal wires, these synaptic connections. It's hard to find the right one. How is that? There's 150 trillion of them. Which ones are that sexual assault? Which ones are that IED attack? I don't know. You don't know. But can we go through and develop a process to help work through it? And that's what we've been doing, developing the tools where we use what we've learned in the lab, not with a deep brain stimulating electrode as I did before, but now switching and saying, 'Is there any other way we could trigger a brief burst, not of one neurotransmitter, but of a bunch of neurotransmitters?' And one way we came upon is this way of using an electrode placed on the vagus nerve to trick the brain into thinking you're having a heart attack. We only activate a few cells. It's a very tiny current. But normally your brain receives a signal saying, 'My heart beat, my heart beat, my heart beat, my heart beat. My lungs expanded, my lungs expanded, my lungs expanded.' And we say, "Oh, they didn't do that." Turns out that sends a powerful subconscious, you're not aware of it when it happens, but a very transient, brief arousal signal. If you've got sleep apnea, it'll wake you up. If you're not breathing, someone says, "Hey, wait, you're not breathing. We should wake you up." You can wait for the hypoxia to set in, or you can do it quicker. This is a much faster signal, and when we trigger a brief burst, just half a second long, that makes three out of four of those neurotransmitters active. - Which ones? - Norepinephrine, acetylcholine, and serotonin are all released. Interestingly, dopamine is not even activated. Rats don't like it, or avoid it. Humans don't like it, It just doesn't matter, because it's all subconscious. Knowing what your guts are doing, your heart and lungs, who cares? So, that one is not connected to a rewarding pathway. We're not aware of it. But the combination of releasing those three neurotransmitters activates the appropriate chemistry. It's the signal that the neuron is looking for. And no, it's not any one signal. It's a cocktail, as most things in the immune system are, or bone formation, or even regulating your hunger. There's not one factor for anything. There's 10 factors for everything. Now that we're learning that and embracing it, we can send the signal in. And at first, it was just a dumb experiment repeating the one we had done with deep brain stimulation, showing we could quadruple the number of neurons that produced a response to a given tone. That's a neat laboratory curiosity, but what's it useful for? Well, let's take our time. Can we make more neurons for a low tone or a high tone? Yes, we can. Can we make neurons get faster or slower? We even played speech sounds to rats. Rats don't care about English. Doesn't matter to them. It's not relevant to them. But if you repeatedly pair the word 'dad' or the word 'sad,' the neurons will shift to favor responding to a human saying dad, or a human saying sad. Just makes sense. That's the statistical probability. It matters to them. My dog understands some English. Not all of it, but the ones that are walk, and treat, and dinner, and bed, all those, or sit, those are all things that she knows. We saw the neurons making those same changes. And this began to get us more and more optimistic that you could use it to treat some condition. We've now shown, in humans, that you can use physical therapy, occupational therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and sensory therapy, all of which activate neurons, but they don't make enough change to get people to lose their diagnosis. We're still not there yet, but we've now gone all the way through animal studies showing that animals with stroke benefit from physical therapy, but they don't make a complete recovery. When we add this brief burst, they make recoveries they couldn't otherwise make. We did it with hemorrhagic stroke, we did it with ischemic stroke, we did it with peripheral nerve injury, we did it with spinal cord injury, and we finally said, "This is working so well, we should go try this in humans," fully expecting it not to work. Why would it not work? Because it usually doesn't work. Lots of things work under careful laboratory conditions, and you show up in the real world, and you're stymied. You can't figure this out. And one reason for that is because in the lab, we can adjust the condition to be just bad enough, and the treatment can be very powerful, and there's no side effects and all that stuff. Doctors get patients who show up. They get in a car accident, they get what they get. They don't get to make it, and adjust it. So, it was very humbling to try to ask the first participants, first ones actually had tinnitus or tinnitus, the ringing of the ears. Later participants had stroke, now spinal cord injury, and In each case, it's super scary, because we start off with a 99% chance of failure. That's the chance a given new idea in neuroscience works. Don't worry, we've got lots of ideas. we keep testing them, and luckily the public has been very supportive of us. "Just keep trying. Keep trying. That amyloid thing's not working so good for you. Keep trying. Don't give up." My grandmother died of Alzheimer's. So, don't give up just because something's not working. Maybe it's going to work tomorrow. These are really hard problems. And now we're at a point, with FDA approval three years ago of vagus nerve stimulation for the treatment of ischemic stroke, that people can make gains they couldn't have otherwise made. They could try all they want, and they just can't get those fingers to work. Now they make gains. Are they cured? No. You can still tell they've got a stroke. But what's interesting is the gains they made in a double-blind and placebo-controlled trial, published in 'Lancet,' is only in 18 days. 18 days. You can't play violin very well in 18 days. You can't bowl In 18 days, they're restoring their function of their hand. And now we send them home, and we enable them to activate their own vagus nerve while they're doing gardening activities, or fishing activities, or doing the dishes. And what we're seeing now is although it's slower, they're continuing to make progress day on, day on by activating this network, and telling the brain, "This is really important." The answer is, it's not really important. It's just gardening. But we have to kind of lie to the brain a little bit and say, "Look, you're never going to get over this," because the brain is very conservative. It does not want to forget all of your memories. It doesn't want to forget your childhood. your language. all your skills. So, it's very conservative of what it changes. And after injury, in this case a stroke, there's a hole in your head. Neurons are dead. There's a problem. I've got to make big changes, but I wasn't expecting this, because in evolution, if you get a hole in your head, you just die. There's no ICU. No one is coming to save you. You just die. And so, we never had the chance to practice getting good at recovering. We now know we could make better gains. And the paper you mentioned in 'Nature,' same thing happened with spinal cord injuries. People who have had, years ago, spinal cord injuries. They could barely move it. We only pick people who have some movement. If there's no movement, we have nothing to reward, nothing to condition, nothing to strengthen. So, we chose people who had incomplete injuries, meaning they still have some function, but they are obviously impaired. Then we repeatedly paired, with the physical therapists, they're the real experts, they said, "This is the right muscle you should be practicing with." There's different muscles in your hand that do different things. They measure what you can't do, but you can kind of do, and we practice that. And then we, the neuroscientists, come in with an engineering approach. Rob Rennaker built the tiny vagus nerve stimulator. And then we found physicians and clinicians who were like-minded and said, "Let's give this a shot." And we didn't think it would work. It happens to have worked, and now there's a vagus nerve stimulator. Full disclosure, I'm an inventor of, and shareholder, and my university requires me to disclose that, so I'll disclose that now, in a company called MicroTransponder. A little spinoff from my university, University of Texas at Dallas. And now, you can go to your doctor, and he can write a prescription for you to get an implant to help your physical therapist do their job. And it's not like the physical therapist wasn't trying. They're working hard. It's not like the person didn't want to get better. But the idea that you could just practice your way out of something, sometimes true, many people make a complete recovery from injuries, but many people don't. And we now have this little boost, this little tool. I think of it like a screwdriver. If you're trying to fix your car and you don't have a screwdriver, all the knowledge in the world won't do any good. It doesn't do the fixing, but it gives you a new tool in the toolbox. So now, physical therapists and occupational therapists can give that extra boost, because physical therapy is fundamentally kind of boring. Move your fingers, move your fingers, move your fingers. It's not really life or death. We're adding this boost so that the neurons don't give up on it. It's going to take thousands of repeats, and it needs to feel important. And when you're learning to ski, if you don't do it right, you're going to go tumbling down the mountain. When you're a baby and you're trying to walk, you're going to hit your face. We're doing therapy safely, so no one's actually in any danger, but by tricking the system, hacking the vagus nerve, just these small number of stretch receptors from the heart and lungs, activating those, which people don't typically feel, by activating those, we send the signal, release this cocktail of these three neurotransmitters, and now the synaptic eligibility trace, instead of letting that potential strengthening go away, it just keeps building it, building and building it. And we're now seeing, even years later, after people have been implanted, they're still making continual gains. And that's surprising. It seemed like they had a sentence, 'No more progress. You're an adult. No more plasticity.' But that's inconsistent with what we know I can learn new things anytime. - But why couldn't you get better from stroke? The hole in your head was too great. Evolution didn't prepare you for that kind of injury. Now we're finding we can make progress even with stroke, spinal cord injury, tinnitus, and post-traumatic stress disorder. - Amazing. And I have many questions. So, I want to first just briefly rewind to the topic of neuromodulators and just clear one thing up for myself. It's really a question. I have to say, I'm fascinated and surprised by the fact that whether you stimulate the release of acetylcholine, or dopamine, or serotonin, or norepinephrine, you get the same effect, which is essentially you get more plasticity from fewer effort trials. Basically, you get the kind of learning, the changes in the brain and learning that would occur over the course of many weeks or months, you can condense down to days. Yeah. - Even one day. And I must say, and I'm not saying this just because you're sitting across from me, I have ten favorite papers in all of science, and your science paper, stimulating nucleus basalis while exposing animals to a eight kilohertz tone. - I believe it was. - And showing this massive rewiring of the adult auditory cortex to over-represent that tone, when I saw those images, I can still see them in my mind, they're blue and purple and, like, I know exactly what they look like, and it's just like, wow. It went against everything we had learned in our neuroscience textbooks. This wasn't supposed to be possible, right? Critical periods are over. These are adult animals. It shouldn't happen. And then when I learned about the Recanzone and Merzenich work, that you were talking about of whatever the subjects are attending to, either touch or hearing, that's where the plasticity occurred. And just to this day, blows my mind. I assumed it was all governed by acetylcholine. And I have a bunch of pet theories in my mind now about why nature, as a tinkerer, might have come up with different circuits that could do that. But we'll save that for, you know, over a coffee offline discussion, because it would just be a wandering discussion. However, there is this parallel universe to the one that you exist in with neurostimulation, which is that many, many people are interested in taking drugs, prescription or otherwise, that they can use to open the door to, and enhance neuroplasticity. And I've been positively struck by the data on psychedelics. Traditionally, the psychedelics are LSD, lysergic acid diethylamide, and psilocybin, both of which augment serotonin, act through specific receptors. And the data there from the clinical trials speak to pretty impressive results in some trials in relieving major depression. MDMA, methylenedioxymethamphetamine. Methamphetamine, we have to remind people these are illegal drugs. Schedule I drugs, at least currently. Pretty impressive results for treatment of PTSD, provided in all these cases that you have proper therapeutic support going into these sessions, during, and afterwards. We're not talking about people just taking these recreationally. - When I saw those data, I just kind of went, "Okay, well, it's neuromodulators opening the window to plasticity." When I think about neurostimulation now, the way you're describing it, I think, okay, if it's an electrode or a microelectrode or whatever it is, stimulating plasticity. And when I think of somebody working as hard as they possibly can without it, ingesting any psychedelics or any neurostimulator in the therapist's office week after week, or these people who have a stroke, or a spinal cord injury just doing their physical therapy, just working as hard as they can to try and recover any kind of movement. I think of the same thing, they're just neuroplasticity. They're trying to get that little squirt of acetylcholine out in their brain. - And then, of course, there's this other parallel universe of people who augment acetylcholine through now oral nicotine, right? Stimulate nicotinic acetylcholine receptor, and on and on. And so, it seems to me that the requirements, this is an AND gate type arrangement, you need neuromodulator present, you need a particular pattern of firing in the neurons so that there's a chance that they wire together, or wire apart, whatever you're trying to drive the circuit to do, and you need a strong intention. You need that friction and focus from the person. - So, on the one hand, it seems like we need specificity, and that's where we're going to go next, talking about the vagal stimulators that you work on, and are getting such incredible results with. But on the other side of the coin, it's like you just need these chemicals present. - So, for instance, if I want to learn something, and I'm going to focus as hard as I can on it, I will occasionally take, you know, these are very low dosages, 2 milligrams of nicotine. I don't do this lately. I just did an experiment last year. I didn't like it, because it made my throat spasm a little bit when I wasn't - ... taking the gum. - The muscarinic receptor business explains that. So, I stopped. But yeah, it provides a stimulant effect. But here's my question, if we just globally raise acetylcholine by taking a drug, do you get the opposite effect as you get from globally decreasing acetylcholine activity by taking a drug, which you said makes you forget? If you just globally raise acetylcholine by taking, I don't know, what's a good example of a drug that will do that for an Alzheimer's patient or for... - I mean, all of the drugs of abuse - ... will increase... - Nicotine. All of the drugs of abuse will increase acetylcholine, - ... as well as increasing dopamine. - So, there's a lot. - Or dopamine apomorphine. - Apomorphine, you know, people take apomorphine for various reasons. It improves the working memory, we know this, at least in the short term for people that have modest to low dopamine going in. If you already have high dopamine, probably not going to do much. But it sounds like you just need to boost a neuromodulator, or some small cocktail of these four neuromodulators, and the opportunity for plasticity does indeed expand, regardless of the entry point that you take. Is that your view as well? Because you're working in an area where... And by the way, I brought along one of these stimulators to this recording. Michael was kind enough to give me one. I don't know, did you gift this to me, or are you taking it back to Texas with you? Okay. This thing is smaller. This is a little chip that is smaller than my pinky nail. I'll hold it up for the camera. We can provide a link to an image of it in the show note captions for those of you who are listening. It's tiny, tiny. - This would be inserted about three centimeters deep in an outpatient thing, in and out of the clinic. Probably less painful than a dental cleaning. - Especially if you like going to the dentist as little as I do. This thing is all about specificity. It's all about not having to take a drug. - Where's the trade-off? What are the benefits? What are the drawbacks of going with a microstimulator versus, I'm not saying people should run out and take psilocybin or apomorphine, but by the logic that you just need an increase in a neuromodulator, it works. - My background was in biochemistry, my degree from Berkeley is in biochemistry. I just thought, 'Let's get the biochemistry right, and people will get better.' - And then I had to learn about the brain, and the brain says it's the timing. The psychologists have told us from the very beginning, "Timing, timing, timing, timing, timing." Just back to Pavlov, you can ring the bell, you can feed the dog, but they have to happen at the same time. And if you just reward everything, that's similar to rewarding nothing. So, the real issue... And I actually spent more than five years of my life trying to do this without a device. So, I had had success using the deep brain stimulator, and I said, "I don't want to put deep brain stimulators. I can't imagine putting hundreds of thousands of people with deep brain stimulators." It seemed like too much, too many. Neurosurgeons say, "It's safe, no problem." But I just thought, 'There's got to be an easier way.' And so I did exactly what you said. I said, "What are the ways to increase acetylcholine, norepinephrine, serotonin?" Microdialysis made it clear which things do it. Amphetamine, of course, nicotine, all these things, it's very easy. Cocaine, all these things do it. And I did experiment, after experiment, after experiment, after experiment. I still feel bad for the graduate students who did all of those experiments. - Adderall? - Did they... - Did Adderall, did all of them. Paired with a tone, and it just didn't change anything. And that's because the tone only comes on once in a while, and there's just ongoing activity. Neurons are firing. If you record neurons, they're firing all the time. Only one action potential is the tone action potential. The neuron's firing at 4 or 5 hertz, sometimes 20 hertz, just popping along all the time, and then you get one more spike when you record these neurons, when a drift in gradient goes by, or a scene, or whatever. It's not much more. - Spike is action potential, electrical firing of neurons. - We should just clarify that. Yeah. Thank you. - And so how does the brain know which thing? There's 150 trillion connections. Which one am I asking for more of? You've got to tell me which. Everything. Make more of everything. That doesn't help the network work very well. So, my understanding of the world that I live in is sort of a post Aristotle four humors idea that, it's not that there's too little or too much of these things, it's the timing that matters. And when I watch a really good coach, they're really into that. They're going, "That was it. That thing right there, that's what I want you to pay attention to." And back to the reflection thing, like, let's think back. That was the part where you were at ease there, or whatever it was. There were these moments of learning. And, of course, there's an hour of heavy working out, you know, whatever it is, on Spanish verbs, or on rock climbing. But there's these moments where you're figuring out that was the connection. We sometimes call them aha moments, and we think maybe the neuromodulator is being released at that aha moment. They are. I can tell you, a lot of experiments have been done when you're having a, 'Oh my god, something just happened,' those neurons are having exposure to those neurotransmitters. So, then the question is, why doesn't it work if the brain rewires for that particular tone? It kind of does. It's not that it doesn't work at all. And as you said, some conditions are so bad that you can do very non-selective things. And the classic example would be if you have major depressive disorder and you do electroconvulsive therapy. We're not pushing your brain toward any particular goal. We're triggering a seizure in the brain. It's going to change the brain, but we're not telling it which way to go. And somehow, people tend to recover from that in a better state than they went into it, because it was so bad to begin with. - What are the statistics on electroconvulsive therapy? I mean, some of us are familiar with the end of, you know, 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,' where Jack Nicholson's getting, you know, he's bite barred into the process, and coming out like a vegetable. That's not what happens, right? Most people emerge from it pretty intact, and you're saying much better in terms of their overall mood. What percentage go into remission? What percentage feel significantly better? - So, we don't know the answer to that, because the randomized control trials were not done at that time. My colleagues, who are psychiatrists, say it's the most effective thing we have for people who are treatment-resistant to all the other treatments. So, I don't have an answer for you. Normally, we do a sham control, and these people are anesthetized so they would never know which one happened. The study's easy to do, it's just you can't do it in rats, because rats don't have depression. And right now, no one is signing up. If you have a sign-up for actual therapy, or a 50% chance of getting a therapy, people tend not to sign up. So, the answer's not known. If we did, we'd get a responder rate - ... in both groups. - We'd say, let's say, it's 60% or 50% response rate, where they're better, and we get a sham response rate, let's say it's 25% get better, even when you don't do it. You'd subtract those two, which is 25%, take the inverse of that, and you'd get a number needed to treat a four. That's how we now work on these medications. We think about, what's the difference in the percent that you're going to get better with a double-blind placebo control? That data's not available. But the general idea is the symptoms are clear. People, the day before that happens, all those memories are gone. You'll have no memories whatsoever. So, if people do this 20 times, as they typically do, they'll lose 20 days of their life, which they never get back. - Twenty times they have to go through the ECT? - Many people will do it on a regular basis. - Doing electric shock therapy, EST, 20 times? - Yes. Yeah. - Oh, I thought they just go in once. - They're typically, - ... sessions of three is my understanding. Again, I'm not a practicing psychiatrist. - So take this, talk with your own physician. Typically, you do a sequence of them. People, as you know, in major depression have sort of a cycling pattern, as most neurological disorders and psychiatric disorders do. So, they'll go in during a time when they're bad. Now, if you do nothing, they'll tend to be better later, because you went in when they were worse. But the evidence, experience from colleagues I trust, is this is really working. We've tried everything else. And I don't know, because the studies have not been done, we don't have the answer what the exact probabilities are, unlike the other studies where we've done lots of randomized control trials with cognitive behavioral therapy. But the idea is you get a benefit. But it's just suggestive, this is still a pretty crude technology, and practitioners of it, they're more than happy to acknowledge that. They want the seizure to not be too bad, because if it's too bad... So, they have ways to start the seizure, and then stop the seizure. They've optimized it, so it's more effective now than it was in the Jack Nicholson days. It's not painful anymore, because people are anesthetized when it happens. You don't need to be awake, you don't need to experience it. That wasn't an active ingredient. What was an active ingredient is the seizure, which is a storm of brain signals. It's called a brain attack, where neurons are firing synchronously all over the brain, and releasing massive amounts of neurotransmitters at the same time. That's generally something you don't want. If you had a choice to have a seizure or not have a seizure, you would choose not to have a seizure. If you had a child, you'd rather not have a seizure. But if someone is really stuck in a severe state, and they're at risk harming themselves, it's been determined by the powers that be that it's better to try this. And many people voluntarily do it, lose a few days, get better for months, and then come back, and cycle, and - ... do it again. - Interesting. - So, that idea is not a ringing endorsement. The fact that you have to do it again, it's not a cure. It wasn't pushing toward any particular thing. I've got a number of things in my house that work kind of well, and if you give them a good whack across the top of it, it'll start up, a motor that kind of sticks. You give it a kind of whack. But I'm not really fixing it. I need to grease some bearing or something. But whacking it will also work. So, I think of, this will again date me, the 'Gilligan's Island' thing, a coconut would fall on your head, and you'd suddenly be better. That's the level of sophistication. But the proof of concept is it's the plasticity that's making them better. - We used to think that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors worked by increasing serotonin, therefore we concluded people's serotonin was low with depression, and yet, behold, they don't have low depression. - Right, it's a plasticity tool. This is so important for people to hear, because I think SSRIs have been demonized, and they do indeed have side effects. They've also helped a lot of people with OCD. - But they are a tool to induce plasticity. And then it becomes a question of, like, what other things are you doing to try and promote plasticity in a particular direction? I actually think it's an unresolved question as to whether or not things like psilocybin and other psychedelics, MDMA is not really a psychedelic, it's an empathogen, but whether or not the experience that one has during the so-called journey or trip is actually the source of the change, or whether it's the augmentation in serotonin, and then the things that happen afterwards. My guess is it's probably both, because those sessions tend to be very emotionally laden, and so there's a lot of talk therapy work that can be done with a - ... qualified therapist, - ... that carries immense emotional load and it definitely includes the components of focus and friction. - So, in any case... - And reprocessing later. We're talking about that reflection. I think many people after one of these experiences, they're now thinking about it in a way they weren't. They're putting it away and we're not talking about that. So, for PTSD in particular, avoidance is a defining hallmark. It's a criteria you have to have in the manual that defines what this is. So, avoiding it is a problem, and now you've freed people from that. The work though being done, the rewiring is probably really work they're doing. It's now they're reentering that environment, they're reengaging with that relationship, they're not avoiding it, in part because they believe that they can do it, and it isn't harmful. That's true. It isn't harmful. These are pathological avoidances that people are doing. The question is, can we come up with something better? What are the active ingredients? The experiment's not yet been done, is to appropriately blind people. So, there are many drugs that make people have a trip. It's possible to enroll people who've never had a psychedelic before, and then they won't know. You can give them a lot of caffeine, they might think, "I guess that's what, you know, peyote's like." They wouldn't know. But that's not yet been done. I think it can be done. - Usually when people say - ... experiments can't be done properly. I get nervous. We're too smart for that. We made it to the moon and back. We can do an experiment. So, finding out, we'll know the answer. On stroke, which we talked about before, enhancing plasticity, you mentioned Prozac, fluoxetine is the name of the agent, selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor increases serotonin, and has effects on brain-derived neurotrophic factor and all the rest. It looked really promising in animals. Many, many published studies did the same thing we did which is why we didn't think our thing was going to work. We took the therapy, which we know is helpful, practice using your paw that's injured, and then add the selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor, and the animals made progress. And we did it again and again. We did it in monkeys, we did it in cats, we did it in rats, and then we did it in people. And lo and behold, the people got better. And then we did a large scale randomized trial, and it didn't do anything. So, it was 1,500 people with stroke. We gave them Prozac. And you will not be surprised that the new onset of depression was slightly lower than the group who had active antidepressant. That makes sense. You may or may not be surprised that the group who got the Prozac also had more hip fractures, because of course, serotonin is critically involved in laying down bone. And so, this is really bad if you're an old person, to have a hip fracture. So, taking Prozac has off target effects. - I didn't know that it diminishes bone strength. So, serotonin is really important. The chondrocytes are the cells in the body that make bone. And when you mess with serotonin, you mess with those. This is a newly discovered thing for me I didn't know about is that Ritalin has effects on growth, right? So, most people now are aware if you take Ritalin, you'll end up being about an inch shorter. This is just an off target effect. Many, many positive benefits, but there are some negative, and you have to weigh the pros and cons. So, in this case, we saw all the things we knew that Prozac did. I mean, they took the drug. But their functional ability, their ability to move their hand, it wasn't any different. And why is that? It's because the range of problems people have is so diverse. People have all kinds of other insults. The rats are all perfectly situated in the cage, they got exactly the lesion and all the rest. Why do the first few trials work? Because they were small, randomized trials with some, you know, confirmation bias, or some other things implicit to them. The Food and Drug Administration is serious. Will this really work when no one knows? None of the investigators get to see the data. No one gets to look at anything. When you run a phase three pivotal trial, it's no joke, and we usually fail. And that's sad for us, because we want it to work. But it's the truth, and we just accept it. Sometimes we go back through and say, "Maybe it worked for a subset," and we're still doing that. Maybe some people did get a benefit, but if that's true, that means some subset might have gotten worse. Good, let's select these people. So, I think there's a lot of failed trials we can go back to and try to figure out, maybe we didn't pick the right people. Drug companies hope that the market is as large as possible, but what we find in our animal studies is there's a narrow range. You've done some beautiful experiments looking at how to get retinal ganglion cells to regrow, and the conditions need to be just right, not too much crushed, not too little crushed. You got to get it just right. I think there are a lot of things we found really do work. It's just we hoped they worked as a panacea, and they don't. They might work for 10%. The only other therapy for stroke is called constraint-induced motor training, CIMT, and the idea is you just put a glove over the good hand, and you force someone to use their bad hand. - Yeah, this is Timothy Schallert's work from years ago. - I love that work. - Because it fits nicely with what we know about recovery from visual deprivation. - Exactly, you got to force movement. - You injure one eye, you lose vision. - In the pathways that that eye governs. Once the eye is healthy again, you can open it up, but you have to close the other eye. Recovery from any kind of injury, you have to be careful you don't over-rely on the healthy limb. So, this is also true in the context of stroke? - Yeah, I love the Hubel and Wiesel experiment. I think things in neuroscience are only useful if they're counterintuitive. If they were obvious, why do we need neuroscience? And the idea that a kid gets a big scrape over his eye, and he's three years old, and he's got a patch on his eye for three weeks, and after the patch comes off and the eye is fine, you need to tell his mom, "Hey Mom, what I want you to do is put a patch on the other eye." She will doubtless say, "But that's not the eye that was hurt." And you'll say, "I know, but I have to reverse patch to rebalance the eyes." That's counterintuitive. These guys did experiments in cats and monkeys, figured out what it was, and they now saved untold number of people's vision, at least in one of their eyes. But it was counterintuitive to do that. Now, we don't reverse patch anymore. We give some drops. The eyedrops make it a little bit blurry. You don't have to block the eye entirely. You could just do a drop that slightly blurs the eye by opening the pupil up, and now, the eye that was sort of behind catches up. That is super practical, super cost-effective. Atropine costs pennies, it's super safe, it's just an eye drop. Just full disclosure, I had my own amblyopia experience as a kid, when I was a very young person, I sat and tried popsicle sticks. I had lazy eyes for business, and then that ended up causing me double vision and trouble reading when I was a very young child. - Your eyes are well-aligned now. - My eyes are now well-aligned. - I'm sitting across from you, so I know. - It was many ophthalmology department's point of view. - This is a little bit telling too much about me but it's mostly about my mother. It was originally believed that only adults would go through this much therapy. There's actually a paper written, I'm told; on me, as someone who would go through this therapy and completely resolve the symptoms. It just takes a lot of time, following popsicle sticks. I had little lenses at, I don't know, I guess I was six years old, put little lenses in that would make it harder. It was like eye building for the eye. The doctor told me, "You don't have to do all this. We can just take your eye out, and we'll stretch one muscle, and we'll strengthen another one, and we'll pop it back in." And I was six, I went, "I don't think so." - Yeah, that sounds pretty scary. - "I'll do this one." - How's your binocular vision now? - Totally fine. - You were able to play sports - ... requiring depth perception? - Still within the critical period; - Still within the critical period early enough because of those experiments. Those handful of animals made the ultimate sacrifice so that we now know how to treat things. So, now, getting back to these counterintuitive ideas, how are you going to intervene? When you've got a kid with Down syndrome, or someone with Alzheimer's, and they're slipping into dementia, what are you supposed to do? If psilocybin is the answer, let's use it. It's certainly counterintuitive. But it may or may not be. We got to run the experiments and find out. So, for fluoxetine, it looked really promising. There was a big initiative on stem cells. - Stem cells looked incredibly promising. - For stroke. - For stroke, that's right. - That's a 1,300-person set. It's a meta-analysis. It just didn't help or hurt. It just didn't do anything. - We wanted it to work. I wanted it to work. I'm a molecular biologist. I want the cells to go in there and do the good stuff, release the good juices. But it's a practical matter. And that's what I love about working with patients is; they're just very practical. They don't have a dog in the race. This, that, or the other thing, what is the pro and con? And we're now getting to the point where we can, partly because of your work, have people really understand how they work. Don't take an antidepressant because it's an antidepressant. That's just what we called it. It doesn't mean that that's what it evolved for or something like that. That's a label. You can say anti-PTSD, and say this must be anti-PTSD, because it's called anti-PTSD. We have to be careful about these labels. Antidepressants typically are selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, but some, selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors. Some are both. Some have kind of complex off-target effects. But they're all lumped because of what they do. And as you said, whether it's in pathogens or psychedelics, these are given names because of the things we see. And the things we see are real. People see them, and this is the effect that they have on mood, on whatever. They all happen. The question is a practical one. What will the long-term outcome be? And we often don't know that. For many, many years, we think things that are very valuable initially turn out not to be so valuable. I always think of the Pope with a flask of God knows what, but I think it was cocaine, or Sigmund Freud, or whatever else, taking these substances just fully convinced, 'I found the right thing.' - Wait, the Pope took cocaine? - It is my understanding. Again, this is one of the things I learned in Catholic school, but, yeah, there were many people who thought many of these elixirs were really, really powerful agents that were going to be useful. And later, people just said, "It's not working for me." Most people learn, yeah, you can drink your way out of a bad relationship, but it's not really going to solve the problem. I got to do other real work. So, there's a lot of short-term solutions, is my point. And the question now is, how is it going to work in long term? For getting through a crisis where someone is immediately suicidal, we got to get them through that point, and we will do whatever it takes to get them through that point. Now, we're in the intermediate phase. But a year later, how are we doing? It remains to be seen. We're not yet years post-trying these agents. We're only now trying them because they're listed as Schedule one; they cannot possibly be used, because we tried them in the '50s. - You mean the psychedelics. - The psychedelics. - Yeah, I mean, I'm encouraged by the results of the trials on psychedelics and empathogens, like psilocybin and MDMA, I'm not just being politically correct here. I think people need to be very aware that the therapeutic support going in, the therapeutic support during, and the therapeutic support afterwards, especially for this - ... reflection piece. - Reflection, yep. - What's typically called integration in the psychedelic journey space is vital. And there are a few or more examples of very high-functioning people who have crashed their mind, and their life, with psychedelics, using them. I don't know how they were using them, but, you know, in an unguarded way. - You know, I think they hold great promise, because of their ability to augment neuromodulators. - Yeah. Yeah. - Again, the question about what happens in the journey is a separate matter, and I'm not qualified to answer that anyway, but I just find it amazing that these four chemicals, serotonin, dopamine, alone, or in combination, are not the only path to plasticity, but they are necessary. They're not sufficient, but they're necessary. And you know, if a small little, pinky nail-sized stimulator... I realize I'm holding up something that looks a little bit larger, like the size of a... It reminds me of that like lip balm stuff there - Yeah, Carmex. - ... that you put on when you go skiing, - ... like that Carmex stuff. It's about that big. But the chip itself is the size of my pinky nail. And if that can be implanted, and it can stimulate my vagus nerve in a way that the brain thinks I'm having a heart attack. I think we might scare people with that discussion. But as you pointed out, you're not aware of that, right? - Basically, it's taking advantage of a pathway that signals something's going on in the body, but you're not inducing a heart attack, obviously, and you're getting a burst of neuromodulator release. And then there's a window that opens where you can learn stuff better, whether or not it's new movement, new knowledge. How do I... I want to be a subject in an experiment where, obviously, I don't have a stroke. Well, maybe it's not obvious I don't have a stroke, but I don't want a stroke. But I would love to be in an experiment where you're using this for more rapid learning. - Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. - Do you have any intention of doing those kinds of studies? - We have done a bunch of those experiments. Much of this work is funded by The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, DARPA, and they're looking for ways to enhance learning. It was called the TNT program. They like it to sound exciting. It was targeted neuroplasticity training. And so, under some circumstances you can improve learning, but under the majority of conditions, you're already so smart. The rats we studied are already so smart, they just didn't help, didn't help or hurt. - Doesn't it help you focus more? - Didn't help focus more. Didn't make it worse, didn't make it better. Now, you can always wonder, maybe we didn't do the conditions right. We did hundreds and hundreds of experiments. So, it's possible, though I don't know this for sure, it's possible; this is one of the few technologies that helps those who are least capable among us, and does not help those who are most capable. And the idea is, the way we're activating this is still pretty crude. Like, I'm blasting this whole thing. This used to be called the reticular activating system, this arousal network that releases all these neurotransmitters, and it was viewed as one system back in the day. We later found molecular biology, and divided it into these different neurotransmitters. But they all kind of get activated a lot. They're highly covariant when they fire in relation to these arousing signals. But the way we're doing it's still pretty crude, right? I'm not activating individual fibers. I'm activating the whole kit and caboodle. - Where does it get inserted? - The left vagus nerve on the cervical branch, just right here. You find a little crease in your skin, open that up, put it in, close it up. - If you feel your jugular, - ... your carotid artery, it's running right there. - How long from when I walk into the clinic to when I walk out with the stimulator? And again, no wires, right? It's wireless. How long is that procedure? - You're anesthetized for 35 minutes. So, from open to close, - that part of it is half an hour. - Okay. - Typically people, you know how it is. - So, shorter than a haircut. - Yeah. Is the actual, you know, part where you're opening... - I have short hair, but, yeah, shorter than a haircut. - But the actual showing up, and getting checked in and checked out, it does take - ... two hours or whatever it is. - I don't actually know. - That's a good question. - But you do it once. - You do it once, And when it's off, it's off. Like the medications are maybe lingering in your body, having effects. You're talking about specificity, - ... which I want to go back to. - The specificity, it doesn't activate any other nerves than the one that it's on. It's a tiny bit of current. - And how do I activate it? - So, we put a band around your neck, looks like Bose headphones or, you know, Beats headphones around it, that has got a coil. - There's a coil in that device. - The two coils are aligned, just like your phone. When you put your phone on it, you don't plug it in. - The coils align. - That now turns it on, because the device has no battery. The next generation, the experimental device, the device that's FDA approved does have a battery, and that's how it's powered. Our new device is much smaller, because we're giving it the power, and we're also signaling now. The way we do that is we measure the forces someone's making with their fingers or their hand. We'll make a handle, and we'll measure the forces. Every person's different. You got to meet them where they are. Every educator knows this. Where is this kid? Let's get them into their best zone. So, if we're taking a person, this is all they can turn, it's all the rotation they've got of their wrist, five degrees, that's fine. I can easily measure five degrees. You can do 90 degrees, 100 degrees, right? But they can only do five. When they're doing five, sometimes they do six just for whatever reason. I don't know why. That's when I hit the stimulator. - Who hits the stimulator? - The computer does it itself. It's closed loop. Just like your air conditioning unit. When the temperature goes up, - ... it automatically turns it on. So, they can be at home doing this. They don't need to be walking around with a researcher following - ... them all the time. The nature paper was done in a clinic supervised, but really, the therapy is being delivered by the computer measuring their performance, tracking each individual person, looking back for the last few minutes of their activities, seeing what they can produce, and looking to see what's in their top 10%. - What about tinnitus? By the way, is that the way it's pronounced, or is it tinnitus? - Most people say tinnitus. - Emphasizing the 'itis,' the inflammatory part of it. - There's actually nothing inflamed. - I like tinnitus. - Tinnitus. - Most often called tinnitus. - I get so many questions about tinnitus. - Clearly people suffer from it. - When they have it. - And I've seen a few papers out there that maybe, low dose melatonin before sleep can help a little bit with certain forms of tinnitus. Maybe, it's just the consequence of improved sleep, and this kind of thing. In anticipation of today's discussion, I put out the call for questions about brain stimulation. Tons of questions When you treat tinnitus using this little stimulator, how successful is it, and also how common is tinnitus, and how do you do those experiments? So, how common is it? - Because it seems very common, based on the number of questions. How successful is your treatment? And then what does the - experimental manipulation look like? - That entails, yeah. Very common. I mean, hearing loss is common. It's, of course, highly correlated with growing old, which is a good thing. are those the same thing? - No, they're not the same thing. A lot of things accumulate to cause damage to the hair cells in your ear. Taking a lot of antibiotics, having a viral infection, traumatic insults, all those things. But the number one is just growing old. - So, if you grow old enough, things start falling apart. And one of the things that falls apart are these hair cells. These are incredibly precise. The vibration these things are doing are the width of one atom. Like, that's how tiny, the smallest vibration you can detect, the hair cell's only moving back and forth by an atom. I mean, it's incredibly precise. And so, they get damaged. They're just super sensitive. When they get damaged, it's typically the high frequencies that get damaged, whether you're going to rock concerts, or shooting a gun, or playing your horn loud. It's the high frequencies, where the things vibrate the fastest, that get most injured. And people start noticing they can't hear as well in a crowded restaurant, or whatever else. You go and get an audiogram with an audiologist and they'll tell you, "Yes, above eight kilohertz, or above four kilohertz, you now need 20 times more sound pressure to hear it." Okay, you can still hear, just not as good. The thing is, the brain is plastic, as we've been saying is such a good thing. But the brain being plastic means if nobody high frequency ever happens, and low frequency things keep happening, your brain is going to shift from the high frequencies to the mid frequencies. - And you're now going to end up with too many neurons in the mid frequencies. Right at the edge of where you can hear, you get too many neurons. The same thing happens after an amputation. - So, you end up with too many neurons responding to the stump, because the hand's not there anymore. So, if the hand's not there anymore, I'm not going to keep doing that. The neurons find something else to do, just like the smart little neurons that they are. The problem is, if you exceed some threshold, if I take this microphone and put it next to a speaker, you'll get feedback. Because the number one input to neurons in the cortex are other neurons in the cortex, not the outside world, neurons in the brain mostly talk to themselves, not the world. There's very few neurons in the eye. You know this, but most people are surprised. You don't have megapixels of resolution. You got kind of a smallish number, but you're moving around and you're using and sampling. Here we have a situation, where the way the brain is processing is over-focused, and you start to get oscillations. The neurons start to fire together, they start to wire together. Then you start to pay attention to it. Most of us have heard it. My advice for everyone is, try to ignore it. Because when you're paying attention to it, you're listening to it, you're fretting about it, you're worrying about it. - The tinnitus. - You're releasing neurotransmitters. Yes. - I see. So, people self-amplify their own tinnitus by paying attention to it. And the more anxious they are about it, because they think, "I'm dying. I need to go to the doctor." Which is smart. You should look out for new symptoms. Totally true. - They think they're dying? - They think they've got a brain tumor. - And people are relieved, after four months of worrying about it, to realize, get a brain scan, you don't have a brain tumor. Some people do, but that's pretty rare. The vast majority don't. But that worrying is the food to this particular cancer. - Oh, wow. - That worrying, in the same way that avoiding going back to the site of an assault, is the thing that produces PTSD. Avoiding peanuts can create a severe allergy, a dangerous allergy to peanuts. We need the exposure. We need the diversity. We need that context. That information is useful to us. When we shield ourselves, as we did from peanuts, many people got peanut allergies. Now that we've gone back to exposing children, you don't have that problem nearly as bad. I work with Boy Scouts, and so we have a big giant peanut allergy warning thing. - Right, right, right. - We don't want someone... - Oh, yeah, every time you board a plane now they tell you, "We got one person on here - ... that has peanut allergies." - "Don't eat anything containing peanuts." Earlier, however; you said that a major reason that PTSD persists is because people avoid reflection. Here we're saying, you want to avoid thinking about the ringing in your ears if you have tinnitus. - Because that will amplify the circuits that underlie tinnitus. In some cases, you need to go into the event and work with somebody to, you know, parse the event and uncouple the emotional load, such as treatment for PTSD. In other cases, focusing on the problem more and more becomes an issue. I guess there's probably also cases of PTSD where people are preoccupied by it. You know, it's running like a script in the background. Or it just pops up randomly. So for PTSD, cognitive behavioral therapists do five different things, because people say, "You're going to expose me to this, I'm going to get better? It doesn't make any sense. I'm already exposed to it. I think about it all the time." But they're not thinking about it enough. They're thinking about it where they're losing control. So, control, as you know, from some classic neuroscience experiments, is really important. Getting shocked is not bad for you. It's getting shocked in an uncontrollable way, where you're not in charge of it. If you can influence it, have some agency over it, then I can make a story about it. When I can reflect on it, I know, hey, bad things happen, but I have a role to play in it. When I'm living in an abusive home and just random stuff happens, there's no agency, there's no control. It's just random. That is what is most damaging to people, their neurons, and their psyches. So, here we're having a similar situation, whether it's post-traumatic stress disorder, which is not tinnitus, right? They're totally different things, but there's a similarity, there's a commonality to them that your thing that you think is making you better, is making you worse. And there are many ways. We call this the 'prevent defense' in football. I'm from Texas, so we play a lot of that. We're ahead of the game, let's change everything. Wait a minute, bad idea. Let's just keep playing the game that was working. Oftentimes teams will lose, because they'll change their strategy. Here, if you've got pain in your finger, we'll now switch to analogy to chronic pain, and I'll get back to your question about exactly how we're treating it, what the treatment is. If your finger hurts, you want to do something about it. Your mom taught you, find things, pay attention. Doctors tell you, "Pay attention. Let me know what the symptoms are." But sometimes that paying attention can become part of the cycle where you're feeding that. - Got it. - And that is then this positive feedback loop where it gets worse and worse, and all the rest. I'm not blaming people for paying attention to it. It is damn near impossible to not pay attention to pain. It's damn near impossible not to pay attention to ringing sounds. They don't all sound like sound. One woman told me she heard the sounds of a bird chirping in a cave. That's just a very specific thing that her brain is producing the pattern of activity, and it's just super annoying. Who wouldn't be? Easy to say, "Oh, just ignore it." I understand how hard that is, because our attention goes to that. We need to make tools to help someone like that. Some people can reach levels. The commonality is like 10%, 20% of people are going to have tinnitus. - Almost everyone... - 10% to 20%? - That's a huge number of people. - Yeah, chronic tinnitus. - It's a huge number. It's one of the most common. - It's the number one... - And this is why I get so many questions - ... about it. - And they're worrying about it and focusing on it is exacerbating it. - It's the number one military disability. So, you get a 10% payment So, it's a billion dollars per year that we pay for people with tinnitus. You can't measure it objectively, just like chronic pain. You can't see it. They don't want it, but you develop it if you're in a, you know, aircraft carrier launching planes, or - ... blowing doors if you're a cop. - Playing headphones too loud. - These things are really a problem. - Those cells will get damaged. The brain doesn't know. If you're deaf in the natural world, We didn't evolve to get used to loud sounds. That didn't exist for thousands and thousands of years. That all came on with the Industrial Revolution. You know, a thunder clap was like a loud sound. Nowadays, you can go to a concert, and you would be at 120 decibels, 130 decibels for hours at a time. Most people, interestingly, don't get tinnitus. We see the same thing in the rats. When we produce noise trauma, I can make everybody deaf, that's easy, but only half of them show signs of tinnitus. So, the way the brain rewires itself depends upon the specifics of creating that positive feedback loop inside the brain. Similar things happen, Charlie Gilbert did these beautiful experiments, with the retina, where you make dual lesions in the retina, and all the neurons will go, whoop, jump over to some crazy place. We now have computational models where we understand the neurons have no inputs. They will tend to do dumb things. They don't tend to do smart things, because you didn't tend to have simultaneously paired retinal lesions. So, trusting the network to do the right thing is a good idea. Brains are smart. But in the case of pathology, by definition, it's not doing the right thing or it would've fixed it. So, the same thing is happening with cancer. We get cancers all the time, and we fix them. What's unique about cancers that cause problems, the two-hit hypothesis, is multiple things have gone wrong, and the normal tools that eliminate cancer don't work. Same thing with epilepsy. Normally, you have that little epileptic circle, fire together, wire together, and then you go, "Oh, let's get rid of this one." We make little epileptic foci, and get rid of them. We make little neuroses, we make little obsessive-compulsives and then we eliminate them. Right? Just like my daughter saying, "I need to remove TikTok," or whatever it is. We find it to be a problem, we find a solution. Sometimes we're aware of it, make a conscious decision, but more often our neurons are just doing it, our cells are doing it on our behalf behind the scenes. When you have flagrant cancer, it's going to kill the person, it's typically because multiple checkpoint inhibitors have been blocked. There's a lot of problems. We think the same thing is true of brain diseases, whether it's mental health problems, or neurological, two things must have gone wrong at least, not just one thing. - Perhaps, this is one of the reasons why more and more we're hearing from people like Chris Palmer out of Harvard, and others, who are saying, you know, nutrition and diet that supports metabolic health can help resolve, in some cases, all the symptoms but in most cases, some of the symptoms of mental health issues. Schizophrenia, bipolar depression, dementia, things of that sort. You know, there was even an attempt to create a type 3 diabetes nomenclature for Alzheimer's. That didn't really stick because it, you know, you can put people on a ketogenic diet, doesn't always improve their Alzheimer's, and it certainly doesn't cure it. But the notion that you have multiple things going on to give rise to dementia, you have multiple things going on to give rise to any mental health disorder, and so pushing or pulling on a neuromodulator, or changing your metabolic health in the way that neurons can use glucose or rely on ketones for fuel, it all kind of makes sense, now that we understand and we're observing this more and more. Where it gets tricky, for me, as a neuroscientist, is the goal, the hope was always specificity. - Right? The hope was this. It was a little chip that you could put in that, okay; you have to spend the day at the clinic, but it's not 20 electric shock therapy treatments. - It's not a drug that makes your mood better, but, makes you up you know, kind of like, raises your levels of apathy, or nukes your libido, or changes your appetite in a direction you didn't want. You know, the hope was specificity, the kind of specificity that we're seeing with, you know, I'm going to get some flak for this. I don't take these peptides, but I think a large number of people who could not lose weight any other way are seeing great success by taking - Wegovy, and Ozempic, and related drugs. - I understand they still have to exercise, and some people feel like it's cheating, and there's a bunch of issues related to insurance, but let's face it, you know, sure, there's some nausea, but people who for years and years just struggled with their weight are finally bringing their weight down into a healthier range, and hopefully they'll do the behavioral things - that support them as well. - So, as neuroscientists, we always wanted specificity. for someone with tinnitus who is, "Okay, I'm going to try not to think about it." But if I'm hearing birds in caves chirping in the background. - It's kind of hard. - And I'm just trying to write or read, - I mean, it's already hard enough to focus on doing, you know, on focus and friction. So, an impediment, like tinnitus, is something that one would hope you could really just, - you know, delete out. - Right, right. - Like, you cut a line of script in a Word document. - So, when you stimulate the vagus nerve, using this device, and you want to get rid of tinnitus, what are the patients doing? Are you capturing exactly what frequency the sound is? - Yeah. So, we ask them what their frequency is. - We do an audiogram, we can tell what their frequency where they've lost are, but we don't know what their brain is rewired to play in their head. - But they're saying, "Wait, I hear it at that." - It sounds like - ... you're doing a tone matching. - You match it to a tone. - Yeah, you do a tone matching. - So, you play like low, medium, high tones, and then they go, - "Wait, it's kind of like the high tone." - That's the one. - And then you dial it in. - You first have to teach them about octave confusion. If you're a music guy, you know. - I'm not a music guy. - But if you get the wrong octave, it's easy to confuse one octave higher, and then we don't know what tone they're actually hearing. - So, it's a little bit... - You have to teach them about some tones sound the same, - but they're just double the sound, - ... is the point. - But once you can figure out what they're hearing, we then want all the other neurons to be important. So, the idea we've talked about is, that set of neurons is too important. It's doing something really important. Because you're paying attention to it. Must be important, because you keep paying attention to it. So, I want to reward everybody but this set. - So, I play a low tone, lower than the thing, a high tone, higher than it. I'm trying to strengthen all the other neurons. Back in that science paper back in the day, by playing multiple different tones, it narrows receptive fields. - So, in this nature paper from 2011, which we first treated tinnitus in animals, what we saw that was most correlated, was actually receptive field size. The neurons become non-selective, which means they now all respond to the same input. If you're really narrow, you only respond to one little bit of the cochlea. If you're broad, which happens after damage, because you're trying to respond to something, now everybody responds to every wiggle and jiggle in the ear. All these neurons are now amplifying that. The brain is a massive amplifier, and you get feedback. So, what we're trying to do is narrow receptive fields, - ... and shift the map. So, to find that big blue area where everything's the same way? - Let's make diversity. - So, you're trying to tune the piano and take out a few keys. That's right. - And this idea of diversity - ... is something we didn't know about back in the day, the optimization and specificity idea. We had a culture of 'find the thing and get the thing.' Now, mercifully, we're in a much more diverse idea, and we're learning that the training set matters. The stimuli are likely to be more complicated. The idea that we wanted specificity, and we wanted treatments, and neuroscience hasn't provided that, I'll take exception with that. With phenylketonuria, we have a... Every baby born in this country gets a heel stick, and you measure the level of phenylalanine hydroxylase. And if they don't have it, we put them on a special diet, so they avoid phenylalanine and they don't have severe mental retardation. Problem solved. - Costs pennies. - This is the warning that many people have seen on their Diet Coke cans, but they probably haven't explored as to what the meaning is, that PEA, right, for us is harmless. - Maybe even beneficial. Confession here, I take 500 milligrams of it every morning. Makes you feel pretty good. It's a little mild stimulant. I've been doing that for years. But if you don't have the enzyme to work with it, it can cause mental retardation. And before, we just called everybody retarded, and now we go, "Wait, there's many different ways." Now the fact that we treated one, and it was a diet change, doesn't mean we've treated all of them. There's many other things that cause severe problems. Fragile X syndrome, FMR1, different gene causes a different set of thing, and you can't change your diet to fix it. That's not the nature of it. But the example we used from Hubel and Wiesel, where you now reverse suture, I've had lots of children, just working with kids, and point it out to their parents, "Do you see his eyes don't go right?" "I never noticed." And an ophthalmology professor in neuroscience is going to think, "Doesn't everybody notice eye movements?" - Some people just don't pay attention to that. You point it out, and they go get treatment, whatever it might be, and they're better. - Yeah, look, we should do a public health service announcement here, since we're reaching some people. If your child, regardless of age, but if your child has a, quote unquote, 'lazy eye,' or an eye that doesn't seem to align quite the same as the other when they're fatigued, or just naturally sits that way, it's very important to correct that early. Once you get out past a certain age, there are components of the brain that can become permanently blind to it, which doesn't mean they're going to lose more vision. It just means that they're probably only seeing correctly through one eye. And it's normal for babies actually, the development of the ocular muscles of the eyes, they don't always track so well, and fixate so well. - Sometimes it's self-correcting, but they should really see a pediatric ophthalmologist. Sorry, I can't help myself. - No, no, absolutely. - Half of my appointment is in ophthalmology. So, if I don't say this, my colleagues will be angry. But a lot of vision can be saved by a simple patch, or as you put eye drop interventions that only have to be done early in development. - I have many friends whose kids - It's amazing how... - ... have had these issues. - It's amazing how - ... few experiments were done. I mean, they didn't do thousands of or... They did a handful. It's the smallest number, and it had a very specific question, came up with a very specific answer so, I do think the specificity has worked. On the molecular side, most people, and I'm not the one for saying this, many people, we looked for psychiatric disorders to mostly be caused by a single solution. That's the smart thing to do. If it's something simple, like in your car, usually it's something simple. When your car is broken, there's usually one problem. But in an economic system, there's probably 50 problems. There's probably not one thing that's the bad thing. You got to fix a lot of things. In an ecosystem, maybe somebody removed wolves and all you got to do is put wolves back, and it's an easy fix. But typically, it's some big, messy situation you're trying to better understand. And I think, I am a biologist, we talked about that, I read a book not too long ago on kelp, sea kelp, "Macrocystis," and like, why does kelp live where it lives? It's just incredible. There's hundreds of grazers, things adding to it. The story you've heard about sea urchins and otters is way too simple. But it's okay. It's a way to think about it. But we just come to understand, to take care of the natural world, it's complicated. There's not going to be this one silver bullet, and that's the same of our brain. And I like that. I'm fine with that. My health, my diet, my whatever, it's about diversity. Try to eat a bunch of things. If someone is just eating potatoes, and tater tots, and chicken nuggets, if that's all they eat, yes, you're going to need to supplement something. They're going to have problems. And a lot of people are, because their socioeconomic status is a big one that we don't talk too much about. Like, the neuroscience are trying to understand, if you're poor, what things are worth it and what things aren't? It's just really hard to make these judgments. Easy to be a parent when you've got lots of resources. It's really hard when you're facing latchkey kids, and expensive food, and all the rest. So, that specificity thing, I think we've nailed it on choline. I think we've nailed it on a lot of these stories. But does that mean we've got blanket cures for most neurological psychiatric disorders? For tinnitus, we understood, we had a theory of what it was. We ran animal studies. We reproduced it in animals, and then we cured it in animals. And then we did the next step, and it was not as successful as we wanted to. So, the answer was, 50% of people got 50% better. That is called 75% of the problem is still there, not very good. In addition, we had something called sequestration, where the federal government shut down, and a large military trial we were going to run got canceled. - So, we just had... - Was that recently? - That was years ago. - We've been doing this a long time. But there's just hiccups along the way, political or whatever else. But we were going to invest in it, because it was the number one disability in the military, so we were going to invest in let's treat it, and then we got sidelined. Stroke had the advantage that unlike chronic pain and tinnitus, we know exactly what causes it. So, my team switched to stroke, because there's no controversy about stroke. No one's faking it. I can measure it very easily. I can see the hole in the head. I can see their functions. With tinnitus and chronic pain, you can't know. Spinal cord injury, same thing. You know what causes spinal cord injuries. They had a fight, or car accident, or a fall, or boating accident. For PTSD, it's the only mental illness we know what causes it. The diagnostic criterion A, trauma is what causes you to have that thing, by definition. The others, schizophrenia, we got theories, we got genes, we got factors. So, we chose these first three very intentionally, and we're now sort of working our way back, saying, "If synaptic plasticity, rewiring of new connections in the brain, if that could be used therapeutically..." And we know it can. that's how rehab works. That's how people get better from drug addiction, or cutting, or whatever else they're doing. Someone talks to them. It's just kind of inefficient, takes a lot of time, a lot of money. Could we help the therapist be better? Therapists love neuroplasticity. If you haven't talked to a therapist about neuroplasticity, they love them some neuroplasticity. But then they're disappointed because it's like, "But I can't make everybody better. And I can't make anybody all the way better, most of the time." So, how can both be true? That's just how it is. It's a hard problem we didn't evolve with, we don't have a great solution, but we could do something about it. This was true of cancer, 100 years ago. We would just say, "Grandpa died of old age." We didn't know there were cells ravaging his body of prostate cancer, colon cancer, cervical cancer. We didn't know that. We just thought he got bad, his heart stopped, he died. That's what happened. Now we took it apart, but it took decade after decade over decade. And we first thought there was one cell type. Now we know it's a whole living ecosystem of cancer cells feeding each other and alive, and you can't just attack it one way, you got to attack it multiple ways. That's how I'm coming to understand these brain disorders. They're really tricky bastards. When you look at HIV, you go, "Ooh, that's a good one." That's not just some virus, that's not just some bacteria with some polysaccharide you can attack. That thing is really, really tricky, which is why we don't have an easy cure for this communicable disease, which we totally understand; HIV. It's just a particularly sneaky one. But the specificity for all kinds of viruses, all kinds of bacteria, we have an amazing armamentarium. For the brain, we've got a couple. I would say Parkinson's disease, we know what causes it, and the symptom is, you don't have enough output from your motor system, and so you can disinhibit the system with a deep brain stimulating nucleus, and people... Everyone's seen the videos. If you haven't, go to YouTube, - Parkinson's on and off, - ... deep brain stimulator, and you'll see people who were golfing, and then can barely walk. Now, you and I know, as many people do, those final neurons will eventually die, and that will eventually be a problem. You're not changing the death that's happening in a person with Parkinson's, but you're giving them years of new life. That's fantastic for relatively cost-effective tools. Cochlear implant, same thing. People are stone deaf. They're not lip reading. They can pick up a phone just like you and I and have a conversation. They are fully restored to normal hearing and conversation. But it's a small subset. The list of things we've cured is small, but those are proof of concepts that if we understand it, we can cure more. Not just alleviate, not just treat, but cure. Well, I hear a couple of things, and I'm in agreement with you. First, everyone needs to appreciate that brains are made up of circuits, and networks, and chemicals. And it's very unlikely, except for rare case conditions, that there will be a one-pill, one-drug type solution, or that there will be a five-pill, five-drug type solution to any neurologic or psychiatric illness. Sorry, folks. That's the reality. I think, the last 50 years of research into these things has revealed that. I'm also hearing that direct circuit stimulation holds great promise. Your work, people with spinal cord injury, tinnitus, enhancement of learning in non-injured people, some of that work has been done, not as much, for obvious reasons, treating disease is kind of the priority. Brain stimulation and neural pathway stimulation from the brain to body, AKA vagus stimulation, works. But it's not the whole picture. You also need very targeted training - during the stimulation, to know exactly what patterns of neural firing you're trying to notch out, as we say, and which ones you're trying to exacerbate, to overtake the neural territory. - And then the third category, which is drugs, whether it's through a naturally occurring compound like a mushroom that grows out of the ground, - Yep, yep. - or synthetically-derived psilocybin, or now a lot of the psychedelics, like LSD; they're trying to manufacture variations on them that don't carry the hallucinogenic properties, but perhaps can still work as plasticity agents. - So, all this is being worked on. But drugs, I mean, maybe better ways to augment serotonin that are neither psychedelic nor SSRIs. Seems like the tripartite approach is going to be best. It's going to be devices, plus training, plus drugs. - So that someone can really boost the plasticity in the areas they want, and they can suppress neural circuit function in the areas they don't. And I think when we're talking about this, in the contextof stroke, spinal cord injury, dementia. Whenever you say autism, I always get a lot of comments saying, "Wait, why are we trying to cure autism?" We're talking about people with such serious degrees, so far on the spectrum that they need constant care from others. They're not functional. - Self-injurious. - They're self-injurious, yeah, this kind of thing. I'm not talking about people who are on the spectrum and functional. I know many people I work with many people that are on the spectrum and functional. So, and on and on. So, I think that if I were in charge, and I'm not in charge, but if I were controlling the NIH budget for neuroscience research, I would be encouraging all three of these areas, - as well as trying to parse the various circuitries. - I think it's all essential. I will say that I've been surprised how long it took for the adult plasticity work that you, and Merzenich, and Gregg Recanzone, and others did to really make it into medicine. I feel like it took a while, not because you weren't busy working on it, but because it didn't seem like there was a big belief in brain-machine interface for a long time. Now we have Neuralink, we have you, we've got folks like our friend Eddie Chang, who's doing remarkable work in taking people out of locked-in syndrome. I think it's starting to happen. I'm very encouraged. - I have, recently, a new explanation, because it was frustrating to me being raised by these fathers, like we both were, who studied neuroplasticity, and talked about it, and trained about it. It was frustrating to me at first that people didn't get it. I've come around in my way of thinking about this. It was smarter to hope that it was going to be simple. that drugs would work. that a stem cell could be added, those one cell type. That's actually not unreasonable. If your car is broken, hope it's something simple. Don't start off with the more complicated one. - It's sort of Occam's razor at a societal level. The question is, how long do you keep doing it? And I think you're making this point. You got this one nice paper with adeno-associated virus gene therapy changing things. I mean, these are all on the table, all of them. Now, some of them are more safe than others, some are more challenging, but the combination therapy, we have a combination problem, and it's a pretty big problem, whether it's obesity problem, or degenerative disorders, neurodevelopmental disorders, anxiety disorders, mood disorders. But we don't need to medicalize everything. If you're fine, you're fine. But if you've got a serious problem, these are not subtle conditions. These are people who are really, really, really struggling. They're willing to try anything. And we have this obligation to sort out what works, and throwing the kitchen sink at it is not so great. The FDA is having to wrestle with, "What do you mean you're going to do four different therapy?" Let's just take a two-combination therapy. Do I now have to do a four-arm study, where I do one group who gets both, one who gets just this, one who gets just that, and one who gets neither? Statistically, that really increases the cost. So, we say, "No, let's do it where you do." All the things you think are going to need it, and then none of those things. So, even, are we doing science experiments? No, we're trying to treat people. So, I think the pieces of the puzzle are there, and to my mind, the animal literature is clear, I mean, I think about the number of genes that had, for ocular dominance plasticity, the change in the visual system with two eyes. How many genes play a role in that? Many genes. Many times when we say, "Here's a new gene that plays a role. There's a new gene that plays a role." It's complicated. We really thought it was going to be like our designed world, where there's something simple, where you fix it. This grindstone isn't working because the water's not flowing in right, turning this thing. And when you're fixing a car, cars are complicated, apologies to all my friends who are mechanics. But by comparison to the brain, where you're talking about 20,000 different genes, you're talking about billions of different inputs coming in every hour, and it's stored in a network of trillions of synapses, it's just really very complicated. We didn't have enough humility, but I now think even if we had the humility, it was still smart to spend 50 years trying what we tried. - It just didn't work. And now the question is, what do we do next? And I think there will be investment. I think people who are enlightened... And it's interesting, patients really like the cochlear implant. They know how it works. It's not just, "Take a pill." It's these 8 or 20 electrodes are on my nerve, which is organized like piano keys, and each one pushes a different button. These are highs, these are lows. They kind of get it. They take ownership of it. And you see kids at the pool now, I mean, they've got bright pink ones. They're not bothered by it whatsoever. That's how I hear. - And so I think that openness, the stigma's now gone. Before, we had lots of stigma, and for me, the chemical imbalance thing creates a lot of stigma. You're broken, the only person who can fix you is someone who has the ability to prescribe medications. Doctors don't want that therapy. They're not looking to be the boss of the world. They're intimidated, bothered, humbled by it themselves, but that's the system that we were entertaining. Now that we have a situation where you're saying, "You have a brain, I'm going to help you with it." Whether you're a coach, a parent, spiritual guidance person, a therapist, let's work to be who you want to be. I think that's just a much more healthy way. I think it's much more accurate. It's much more how economies, ecosystems work, these distributed complex networks. There's not usually a one-size-fits-all. And what's nice is, our lived experiences really matter. What you think is working for you, really is valuable, and we're all really different. You know, the kinds of fiber supplements someone uses or the kind of sleep regimen someone else needs. I had someone at UCSF who, God, she slept like four hours a night, and I was like, "This is impossible." She made amazing things happen. I couldn't do it. We all- - Is she still alive? - She is. She's phenomenal person. - Some people need very little sleep. - It's amazing to me. - I know some of those, or they learn to get by on it. I must ask, because I can't help but ask. There are a bunch of domains where brain-machine interface is being talked about and used, not to cure disease, but to increase or accelerate plasticity. - Some years ago, there was a device, and I'm not trying to pick on any companies here. I have no stake in this. But people were excited about it. It looked like a headband that you could put over your motor cortex or sensory cortex while you were practicing your golf swing, or your baseball swing, or studying. And the idea was that you were going to boost the levels of activity in the neurons sitting below that band, and that the rationale was, you're increasing the likelihood that those cells were going to fire together, wire together. I mean, crudely speaking, the logic was sort of there. There were a lot of pieces missing, like the critical spike- timing-dependent plasticity that you were talking about before. It's unclear if it impacted neuromodulation. I don't know whatever happened to those sorts of devices. It seems like it just kind of went the way of, nobody uses them anymore. I certainly don't see people using them. Nowadays, there are a number of things, we get sent these from time to time, where the idea is that you're going to get vagal stimulation with a cuff that either goes around your midsection, so these are non-invasive things, or an anklet tool that provides feedback by vibration. I've also recently seen a growing number of companies that are developing visors for enhancing sleep. There, I actually think there's an opportunity, because some of them can engage eye movements. - Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm - There's some very interesting literature about specific patterns of eye movements making it easier to fall asleep very quickly. I'll get to this in a future podcast. - Hmm. - But this is interesting. But what are your thoughts on non-invasive tools, commercial devices, to boost plasticity? And I'm talking about, in the absence of any pharmacology. Just put this thing over your head, put this helmet on. We're not just going to measure brain activity, we're going to improve learning and memory. [smacks lips] the key to the brain is information. The way ChatGPT got so smart is, it knows every word we ever wrote to each other, and every great book and all that. It just had a lot of information. And so, the question's always, what information is being added to the network? And so, medications tend not to add a huge amount of information. They may bias, they may help. But experiences you have, when you learn to play violin, you did a lot of stuff. And that richness of information, which we, since the early days of information theory, Claude Shannon, we call it bits. How many bits of information is it providing? If something is always on, it can't be providing much information. So, there was a big thing, it was called transcranial direct current stimulation, TDCS. There was transcranial magnetic stimulation, TMS. Each of these things had lots of great advantages. But the total amount of information they were providing to the neurons was relatively small, compared to listening to my voice. My voice, if I write this down, you're going to see, it's going to be megabytes. I record 20 minutes worth of me talking, it's going to take megabytes to write down all the vibrations if you want to hear my pitch intonation. If you just write down the letters, it could be much smaller, but there's still a lot of information. So I think, that's the way I think about it, is how much information is being provided is the key unit. So, if the thing is on all the time and not really feeding anything back, it's probably not helping much. - It's just like taking nicotine. It's just like taking some nicotine gum. It's raising acetylcholine, that's increasing the amount of firing, but there's not enough specificity there, in terms of timing. It sounds like it might slightly bias the probability that a learning event will occur. But maybe one of the reasons these devices keep surfacing, these commercial devices keep surfacing and then disappearing, is that no one is raving about the results. - You would think if something was truly awesome, it would take off. - And that's why FDA decides not to regulate it. It's not dangerous. If you want to put a stimulator on, that activates your stuff, you want to wear pressure point bands, you want to do copper, these things come, they go, that's totally fine. Just don't make medical claims. If you're making medical claims, that's crossing a line. We now have to switch gears and say, "We're going to have to come down like a ton of bricks on this. You haven't shown that." And so, there've been claims about video games online, and companies have had to pay big fines, because they made claims that this video game will fix whatever it is. - Stutter is a big one. - I have a friend down the street, he's got a serious stutter. Everyone's constantly asking, "What can we do?" We have a model, we think we understand, but everybody's different, right? People stutter for different reasons, different times. But clearly, there's something in the brain. They'll tell you that. You ask them that. They don't think there's too much blood, too much bile, too much phlegm. That's not the problem. It's the wiring that's wrong. And I'm optimistic about that. That is something you can do something about, but it is not going to be easy. So, I would say, look for things that are closed-loop, that connect, that they're providing useful information that have sensors. If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. I think that's the sort of easiest way to say it. Electrically activating your skin, providing extra feedback, having a bar, let's just take you're trying to learn to drive a standard, and you have a tachometer. Of course it's going to be easier if you could hear the sound of the engine revving. That's more information. I know what I'm doing when it stalls. If I can give someone feedback, how fast was that ball spinning? I've got a friend who owns a golf shop, and I mean, it's incredible, the tools they can give you of what your spin and slice is. That's really useful information. If it's providing useful information about what you're doing, that just tends to be helpful. If it's not, it can be greatly distracting. And there are certain circumstances where adding extra stimulations, extra sounds, extra buzzers, extra whatever, whether you're trying a running app, or anything else, it could make you worse, because you're now focused on the running app instead of on the 'let's just run'. So, I think people are trying to figure out when should we instrument it? When should we add this extra stuff? When do you need the boost, and when do you not? And I'm frankly pretty impressed by the consumer. They tend to figure it out, they tend to be pretty skeptical, as they should be, and they tend to draw conclusions, "If it's working among a lot of my friends, let's try it." And they're pretty smart too. There's no harm. Why not try it? They can tell what's dangerous and what's not. "If it hurts, I probably shouldn't do that. If it doesn't hurt, I'll try it for a while." But they tend to end up in the drawer. But even hearing aids, even hearing aids often end up in the drawer, because they didn't get a really good one. So, technology has to be really quite good to make it to that level of making a clinically detectable difference. - Or habit-forming or addictive. - Because in the case of nicotine, I see a lot of people who start with one 3 milligram pouch or gum per day, and then pretty soon they're up to six, and then they're half a canister. So, sometimes, in an attempt to get the boost in energy, or focus, or whatever, or neuroplasticity, people end up simply with a dependence on the tool, - even if the tool - Yeah - didn't have much of an effect. - Yeah, we haven't talked about two things, just from evolutionary part. Why do we get used to everything? Why if you take morphine, you just need more morphine? Why are we so good at that? We live in lots of environments, we're going to get exposed to a lot of things. Our biology seems to have made us really pretty tough. We live in all kinds of environments. People live in Greenland, they live on, I mean, it's amazing. It seems like in evolution, we were in lots of environments, and you might have been in an environment, where the only thing to eat was poppy flowers. And so, okay, I'm always surprised how not bad these things are. I mean, we had the crack epidemic, and it was clear that all these babies were going to be just a bunch of wandering zombies, and then, you know, they were impacted, but not nearly as bad as the worst doomsday scenario. So, I'm always telling parents, "Babies are tough. They're not as fragile as you might think." Things we do to ourselves, not as fragile, because evolution has prepared us for all these pushes and pulls, which is a big shock. You don't want to get a bunch of traumatic brain injuries, but exposure to drugs, it's remarkable what we can tolerate and still be fine. There's an interesting idea that the psychologist first came up with, but we see this in neuroscience as well, the inverted U, where you got to get it just right, not too much. So, more serotonin or norepinephrine enhances memories, but you give more, and now it degrades impairments. Why is that? I've got a pet theory, no evidence for this whatsoever, that because we sometimes take an agent, let's say eat some berries or something like that, that then send us over the moon, we have all these mechanisms that then shut down and say, "Here are conditions where we don't want to change." Because rewiring your brain is dangerous, right? You might live through the food poisoning, but you might now have a rewired brain that would be bad. So, it seems like there's these mechanisms where you want to get, in our case, it's the alpha receptors, the norepinephrine, low-affinity receptors, the ones that are easiest to activate are the alpha receptors. You want those, but you don't want the beta receptors. And they're not very different. There's this sweet spot, this Goldilocks zone, and the biology's always pushing us to be right in that. And everybody recognizes that. People who do meditation, mindfulness, they recognize this, trying to stay in this right sweet spot, which is back to that optimization we've talked a lot about. Why is that? That's how you're trying to figure out which is the most important thing. Not the max thing. That might be something that's just pathological and weird. Not the minimum thing. That's something you can just ignore. But this narrow range of things you're trying to pick out, it's like shopping. You don't want to buy all the things in the grocery store. I'm only looking for certain things. - Well, this is, essentially, if we're talking about psychedelics, I mean, you look at the counterculture of the '60s, and I grew up hearing a story, I was born in '75, I heard stories about people who took LSD, and stared at the sun, and burnt their retinas out. And I don't know if those stories are true or not. There was a lot of fear-based messaging. On the other hand, there were a number of people who took too many drugs. And there were probably a number of people who should have taken more psychedelics. We could argue it both ways. - I feel like now that we're sort of returning to this notion that plant-based compounds, in particular psilocybin, MDMA, MDMA is synthesized, it's not plant-based, could potentially be valuable therapeutics for psychiatry. The idea is not to give people just as much as they want, or to give them experiences. - The idea is that it's very targeted. It's dosage-targeted, it's therapeutically targeted, and so getting at that sweet spot. I feel like what I keep hearing from you today is that there have been... By the way, I love your optimism. You're optimistic even about the mistakes we've made in the past, that they've led us to this place now that we need to embrace the complexity. But the tools remain, in my mind, the same. It's, you've got, in no particular order, you've got devices to measure, and devices to alter neural circuits in the brain and body. You've got pharmacology, drive certain chemicals up, and certain chemicals down. And you've got talking and thinking, reflecting. I mean, that's basically what we've got. That's the kit. And I can't imagine a world where there's an additional tool. - I would just mention gene therapy. I worked on genes and moved them around. - Mm-hmm. Good point. - A long time ago, my mom asked me, "Are you sure we want that gene moved there?" Luckily we found out genes are moving all the time anyway. That's not something we're doing, that's special. But whether it's Duchenne's muscular dystrophy or Alzheimer's, if we have to do that, we'll do it. I mean, if someone is going to lose all their memories, putting in a virus that's been genetically engineered, if that stops me from losing all my memories, and being a burden on society and my wife, I'll do that in a heartbeat. So, the toolbox we've created is just so rich. I mean, we've got these places like Janelia Farms, they're just making up new things. I mean, it's just such a 'Star Trek' world where you can't wait a week and someone hadn't invented some new thing. But how to use them all together? That's the problem. You go look at a mechanic's shop, they don't have five tools. They have 500 tools. I got a friend, there's so many drawers, I can't even pull open all the drawers to look, he's just fixing one car. How do they have 500 tools? And we're thinking we're going to need one, or two, or three, or four. So, I think you're right. Putting them in the right combinations, having that reflection, having that societal support, knowing when am I going to go into this, helping people make those decisions, it's complicated and hard. We're getting better and better at it. I really think we are. Kid's got a dog phobia. Someone says, "Here's what we should do. First, lock him away. Never show him the dog again." Okay. We tried that. Didn't work. And now your peer group's going to start telling you, "If you hide from it, that's not the way to get better from it." Whether it's abstinence, right? We had these people in a lot of pain. People didn't think that was a good idea. Doctors at UCSF and other places didn't think it was a good idea for people to be in pain, so they medicated them. No one knew there would be unintended consequences. Certainly some people did, and there's lawsuits, and jail time, and all the rest for a few people, but most people were just doing the right thing. In Catholic school, I also learned that the road to hell is paved with good intentions. We have to own that, right? Thalidomide was a drug that we were going to prevent women from having nausea during first trimester. We didn't know it was going to cause birth defects. But we learned that lesson, we processed it, we took the humility from that. You can't just do it the easy way out. The fact that it helps today doesn't mean you aren't going to later look back and regret it. And so, we don't make change fast in our society. Democracies don't make change fast. They got all these built-in ways to change slow. So, we've got time to make sure it works. And I think it's frustrating to a lot of people who say, "My son went to war and needs a treatment. Give him what they need now." And there's all these people saying, "Hey, let's hold on. Let's wait and see." I'm comfortable with that, that we're waiting, taking our time. The process takes loads. It's frustrating to me, I'll be honest, how slow it is to do clinical trials. We're running a lot of trials with a lot of people I know with a lot of serious injuries. And I can't move to the next thing, because the work on this one is so slow. But better to be too slow than to take this lightly and think we're just going to do all these things, changing people's brains. I mean, this is literally who they are, this is where their personality resides, this is their experiences. So, I've been very pleased that the federal government's doing a great job of just saying, "Let's try all the things." Like you said, they're not against gene therapy, they're not against big pharma, they're not in big pharma's pocket. They're just saying, "Look, what's going to work?" We'll know when it works. We'll all know when it works. And for the things that it has worked, phenylketonuria and, you know, cochlear implants. The government paid a ton of money on cochlear implants. You just do the next thing, next thing, next thing, next thing, and now, there's multiple companies that sell those, and you can have that. They tried that for the retina, and so far, correct me if I'm wrong, there's still not an awesome... - One of my first students is at Henry Ford working on the retinal prosthesis. It's still hard. - Yeah. They'll get there. - Why? They'll get there. - E.J. Chichilnisky, Dan Palanker. There are other people working on this. Neuralink's working on it as well, artificial retina, or maybe bypassing the retina and, quote unquote, 'curing blindness.' It's going to happen, because you know what you need. - Don't give up because it's hard. Just because it's hard doesn't mean we give up. - People are blind. You know what inputs you need. You know what's needed in the brain. I think, also, I'm encouraged by the fact that some of the smartest people in neuroscience and engineering are working on it. - Certainly at Neuralink, but also in academia. I mean, these are some of the best minds on the planet. These are really, like, the astronauts of science, and in lots of fields, but certainly in visual restoration. - And the miniaturization, the wireless coding, I mean, all the problems that we had back in the day, they're sort of just evaporated. The chips get smaller and smaller, the power is better and better. So, I too am optimistic. If you were blind today, you'd wish it was ready yesterday. Sure - But it's going to take investment, and it's a hard problem. We don't know how long it's going to take, whether it's Alzheimer's or, you know, schizophrenia. We just keep investing, and our country keeps giving it to the entire world for free. Sequence of the entire genome, we just gave it away. Who does that? That's just what we do. So, I think that kind of thing, when I see something like that, we can monetize it, we can patent it, we can say, "You can't use that gene. Well, I invented that gene." We said, "No, we're not going to do it that way." So, I just think we've learned some good lessons about how to just innovate and share, and other countries are learning, let's do it together. It's way better together than alone. So, I'm optimistic, this brings us together. I'm optimistic that the problems are not unsolvable. And once we understand that they're synapses, right, they're just connections, and that those things evolve to change. We're not making them change, I'm not Frankensteining it, I'm not hacking it, that's how it was built to do. If we need gene therapy, drugs, devices, counseling, therapy, if we need 5 or 10 things, that's how my normal life was, my childhood was a lot like a lot of factors. Diet, nutrition, exercise, all those things were shaping who I am. And we hoped it was simple. It wasn't simple. Would've been nice. And a few things were. But the vast majority now are complicated, and it seems like that humility, and that working with patients and letting them understand what are they doing, no one's trying to control anyone's brain. No one is trying to put in chips and make you do things you don't want to do. That is not the future of this. This is not that scary thing. Find serious problems and see if we can help. - Well, I love your optimism, and I'm encouraged by what you've done already. And I should've known that if I sat down with the author of one of my favorite papers in science, one of my top 10, maybe even my top 5, that it would be a discussion of the sort we just had. I've learned a ton from you. You know, I went into this knowing a thing or two about plasticity. I have some training there, indeed. But I learned so much, and I'm thinking about it completely differently now, to be honest. This notion of needing focus and friction, the reflection piece that what mental rehearsal will and won't do, the value of a small device like this, for patients that are struggling with any number of different conditions, when paired with the appropriate training and rewiring stimuli. You've also reframed the way I think about drugs that can modify neuromodulators, like nicotine. And, of course, everyone should make a choice that's best for them. But, you know, I could go on and on, but I think it's evident to anyone that's listened to this conversation now that you're really out there to help us, and to build things that are going to help humanity, and you're doing that. I'm very excited about the recent paper, getting paralyzed people to access more movement. Once again, I'll provide links to those, and other resources in the show note captions. I know you have some open clinical trials as well. Maybe we can direct people to the possibility that they could be subjects, if that's appropriate. I want to thank you for the work that you've done, that you're doing, and that you continue to do, and for coming here today to contribute to public science education. It's been wonderful for me, and I know for everyone listening. So, thank you ever so much. - Thanks for helping get this complicated information out to people, really appreciate it. - Thank you for joining me for today's discussion To learn more about his work, please see the links If you're learning from and/or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please follow the podcast by clicking the follow button on both Spotify and Apple. And on both Spotify and Apple, you can leave us up to a five-star review. And you can now leave us comments at both Spotify and Apple. Please also check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. If you have questions for me, or comments about the podcast, or guests or topics that you'd like me to consider for the Huberman Lab Podcast, please put those in the comment section on YouTube. I do read all the comments. For those of you that haven't heard, I have a new book coming out. It's my very first book. It's entitled "Protocols: An Operating Manual for the Human Body." This is a book that I've been working on for more than five years, and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience. And it covers protocols for everything from sleep, to exercise, to stress control, protocols related to focus and motivation. I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included. The book is now available by pre-sale at protocolsbook.com. There you can find links to various vendors, you can pick the one that you like best. Again, the book is called "Protocols: And if you're not already following me on social media, I am hubermanlab on all social media platforms. So, that's Instagram, X, Threads, Facebook, and LinkedIn. And on all those platforms, I discuss science and science-related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab Podcast, but much of which is distinct from the information on the Huberman Lab Podcast. Again, it's hubermanlab And if you haven't already subscribed to our "Neural Network Newsletter," the "Neural Network Newsletter" is a zero-cost monthly newsletter that includes podcast summaries, as well as what we call protocols in the form of one to three-page PDFs that cover everything from how to optimize your sleep, how to optimize dopamine, deliberate cold exposure. We have a foundational fitness protocol that covers cardiovascular training and resistance training. All of that is available completely zero cost. You simply go to hubermanlab.com, go to the menu tab in the top right corner, scroll down to newsletter, and enter your email. And I should emphasize that we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion And last but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science. [music playing]

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [149 likes]: Thank you for watching. If you enjoyed this topic and episode, please click the "like" button and subscribe to our channel here on YouTube. 
Thank you for your interest in science!   -- Andrew
  2. @luciferrian2473 [27 likes]: Dr. Kilgard, I was your student in Neuroplasticity. YOU made me the research scientist I am today.
  3. @Anonymous121 [2 likes]: I Appreciate You Thank You Bless You Love You Abundance to You
  4. @ScarletFire13 [1 likes]: Regarding your advice about addressing "lazy eye" problems early on; I was born 2 months premature, as were my siblings. I was the only out of 5 with severe vision problems. I'm 52, so it seems the Ophthalmologist who treated me was way ahead of his time. I remember going to Dr. McAvoy's (Hazleton,PA) every Wednesday evening for a few hours. It involved lots of colored glasses, much like the 3d glasses at movie theaters and solving puzzles in the Highlights magazine. I will never have perfect vision, especially with my right eye, bit he helped me get to the best potential
  5. @cblaskoski: Definitely checking out 8sleep. 🙏
  6. @ttcontentcreators1513: @Tinnitus _ Bhramari Pranayama (a humming breathing exercise) researched by Dr. S. Pandey as a method to reduce symptoms of Tinnitus.
  7. @eoacay: “This was awesome!”
  8. @eoacay: “Well done!”
  9. @jodieaustin6693: I'm stuck!!!! I need a reset, a rewire and guidance.
  10. @macstreamer8943: Mine is killing me, many suicides, we need help. People with tinnitus are living true hell.
  11. @PratikChudal-fv9ly: Great Podcast.
  12. @cindylee4930: You can use a time proven therapy (1942) EEG neurobiofeedback.  It’s worked for my severe PTSS and several other veterans I know.  And it’s all external so no need for surgery
  13. @UdoADHD: I’m sorry, if this was joe Rogan podcast I wouldn’t even mention it but did they use the R word like it’s still medically relevant? 🤦‍♀️
  14. @zachhbtww: goated
  15. @dboynette: USA did not give the ‘entire genome to the world for free’ the genome sequencing project was an international project. It happens so often that the Americans cannot give any credit to anyone but themselves.
  16. @KevinTheKiidBeats: 52:36 😏6-7
  17. @DiceControldojo: Question for you:  great channel and I have changed my practice for learning a new physical task.  Once we rewire or learn the new task.  How do we continue to sustain that activity.  Example.  Learning how to putt.  I can putt well and always learning and practicing.  So do I continue the way to learn even is I have done the new protocols to “Learn how”. Or is there another way to “sustain” my muscle memory????
  18. @LauraBergum: ❤
  19. @taishwarya1443: Can anyone tell me the timestamp for rewire brain and break negative loop life pattern
  20. @anselmitiikkola6258: Happy birthday, Andrew!

- How to Change Your Brain & Increase Neuroplasticity at Any Age | Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en As we get into adulthood, most of our neural maps in the brain, certainly our sensory maps and our cortex, our motor maps that allow us to move in particular ways, those have been established. You can still change them, but they've mostly been established throughout childhood and into our early 20s. And if we want to modify those circuits with neuroplasticity, there are a couple of key requirements. One, you need to be alert. You can't get neuroplasticity. That is, you can't trigger neuroplasticity unless you're alert. You also have to be focused. This is critical and differentiates adult plasticity in a major way from plasticity when we're young where we can learn by passive exposure. Okay? When we're young, we can learn by passive exposure or even better by focused exposure. But when we are adults, we need alertness and we need focus. Just passively being exposed to, you know, music or to a motor pattern is not going to allow us to change our nervous system. That's been shown over and over again. Fortunately, what also has been shown over and over again is that if we are alert and we're focused and we are determined, especially if we undertake what's called incremental learning, where we go after small bits of neuroplasticity repeatedly over time, we can get as much neuroplasticity as one observes in childhood. It just takes longer and you have to do it so-called incrementally. There's a lot to say about that, but for sake of today's discussion about the vagus nerve, I just want to tell you that there's a particular pathway in the brain that involves the molecule acetylcholine. Acetylcholine is used to contract the muscles. It's released from motor neurons in the spinal cord onto muscles to contract the muscles. It's also used in the brain and elsewhere in the nervous system and it does a lot of different things. It's actually involved in generating the rhythms of the heart. But acetylcholine released from a particular nucleus in the brain called nucleus basalis. The acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis is what we call permissive for plasticity. In other words, if you have acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis into the brain, plasticity is much more likely to occur. And in fact acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis is sort of like a gate whereby if you release acetylcholine the opportunity for neuroplasticity and learning is available for some period of time. So the question therefore becomes how do you get acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis. There are these incredible experiments that have been done by Mike Merzik and colleagues showing that if you stimulate nucleusalis to release acetylcholine and you expose an animal or a human to a particular sensory stimulus, the brain remaps very fast according to that experience. Just enormous amounts of plasticity that you wouldn't observe otherwise. There are also fortunately experiments showing that if you pharmacologically increase acetylcholine that you can enhance the opportunity for neuroplasticity. You still need to do the learning. You still need to attempt to learn something. You still have to make it incremental, but the amount of plasticity is significantly increased when there's acetyloline released from nucleus basalis. So in the absence of deep brain stimulation using an electrode, which most of you fortunately will not experience because it requires drilling down through the skull and placing an electrode in basalis and assuming that you're not taking anything to increase acetyloline transmission to learn, although there are ways to do that. I've talked about that before and I'll talk about that again in a future podcast. Some of those ways include supplementing with things like alphagpc which is a precursor to acetylcholine. There are some other precursors to acetyloline or things that stimulate the release of acetylcholine such as hooperine and things like that that will open the opportunity for enhanced plasticity for a few hours. And there is good old nicotine. I know the word nicotine brings to mind things like lung cancer because for many many years, many many people and still now smoked nicotine in the form of cigarettes or vaping. Both of which I think are absolutely terrible as is dipping and snuffing because yes, they increase levels of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor activation, which is just fancy nerd speak for acetyloline transmission in the brain is enhanced by nicotine. But those delivery mechanisms also of course can give you cancer in the case of smoking, dipping, or snuffing. And vaping, despite what you hear out there, is absolutely terrible for your health. I don't care what anybody says, the evidence is starting to really pile up that vaping is bad for you. Now, is oral form nicotine bad for you in the form of gum or in the form of a pouch, etc.? I just want to say a couple of things. One, it's extremely habit forming. Two, it increases blood pressure. and it's a vasoc constrictor. These drawbacks about nicotine are real and are critical to consider if you're going to use nicotine as a focusing agent or a so-called neutropic. I don't really like that word, but if you're using nicotine as a way to enhance cognition and enhance neuroplasticity, you should know what the potential drawbacks are. Most notably, the habit forming and addicting properties, which are very robust. Now with that said, there are ways to non-farmacologically stimulate the nucleus basalis acetyloline pathway to enhance the window for plasticity and the way to do that is you guessed it through the vagus nerve. Studies in healthy humans and humans who have had for instance stroke as well as animal studies have shown that if you stimulate the vagus nerve electrically you increase the level of alertness in the brain. And part of the mechanism by which you do that is the one I told you about a few minutes ago. the adrenals, vagus, locus ceruius, but also there's a separate pathway from the NTS to nucleus basalis that stimulates the release of acetylcholine from nucleus basalis and opens up the opportunity for neuroplasticity. This I should mention is not a small effect. It is a rapid effect and it's one that has allowed stroke patients for instance to improve their motor capabilities very quickly as compared to when the Vegas nerve is not stimulated or when acetyloline transmission is not enhanced pharmacologically. And fortunately now there are studies starting to accumulate in animal models and some in humans. We need more. But there are some showing that if you enhance alertness by way of activating the vagus nerve through the mechanism that I told you before, which is good old-fashioned high-intensity exercise, that in the several hours following that exercise, there is an enhanced opportunity for neuroplasticity. Now, that enhanced opportunity for neuroplasticity comes by way of two different pathways. You already heard about the first one, which is the locus ceruius release of norepinephrine. That's going to increase alertness, which is a prerequisite for focus. And it appears to be the case that the release of acetylcholine from nucleus basalis that's also triggered by this high-intensity exercise is what allows for that alertness to be converted into focus. And those two things together, alertness and focus, are the triggers for adult neuroplasticity. If you think about this, this is really exciting. For 25 years or more, we've known that plasticity is possible in the adult human. We knew you needed alertness and you needed focus. We also, by the way, know that you need to get great sleep that night and in subsequent nights in order to actually allow the plasticity to occur. Plasticity is a process. It's not just triggered when you go about trying to learn something. It actually takes place in sleep as well as sleep-like states like non-sleep, deep rest, and meditation. But especially in deep sleep and rapid eye movement sleep. This is why you can attempt to learn something cognitively or behaviorally over and over and over. you can't get those scales on the piano right. You can't get the, you know, the information dialed in from your class, a language class or from engineering or you're trying to figure out what this picture should be in your mind that you're going to paint, etc. You work at it, you work at it, you work at it, you sleep, you sleep, and then one day you wake up and suddenly you have the skill. It's because the actual rewiring of those circuits that we call neuroplasticity occurs during sleep, but it's triggered in those moments of incremental learning and really struggling. And keep in mind the struggle to learn something. That friction is part of the neuroplasticity process. And it's oh so clear now that alertness and focus are the prerequisites for plasticity. That alertness is coming in large part by way of the release of norepinephrine from locuser. That the focus is being augmented and perhaps even originating entirely from the release of acetylcholine and nucleus basalis. that acts as sort of a spotlight on a particular set of things that are happening while we're trying to learn and then that triggers the plasticity process which takes place during sleep. So that beautiful picture of self-directed adaptive plasticity in adulthood is allowed to happen because the vagus nerve in part is triggering NTS to say hey locus ceruleius nucleus basalis wake up release norepinephrine release acetylcholine now's the time to learn. So, what this means is if you're struggling to learn, if you want to continue to have robust neuroplasticity, if you happen to have some damage to motor pathways or you're having trouble with focusing and brain fog, keep in mind focus itself is served by a circuit that is subject to plasticity, you can actually get better at focusing by working on focus just the same way you would on any skill. And so if you're struggling with focus, I highly recommend finding a threshold of exercise that stimulates brain alertness that triggers these pathways that are now starting to be clear that they occur from the literature in animals and humans. And yes, you might augment this with something like caffeine, which will further increase levels of norepinephrine. You might even use lowdose nicotine. I'm not necessarily recommending that, certainly not for young people. And you do need to be aware of the habit forming aka addictive properties of nicotine. You definitely don't want to consume it in any form that's going to cause you to increase your risk of cancer or popcorn lung from vaping. You could use pharmarmacology. You could use alpha GPC. You could use herine in combination with exercise. However, I strongly strongly recommend that anyone who's interested in lifelong learning, think about organizing your bouts of learning, especially cognitive learning, to come in the two to three hours, maybe even four hours, but certainly in the 1 to two hours after you do some sort of exercise that doesn't leave you exhausted, but leaves you with elevated levels of energy in your body. So, you don't want to take this physical exercise that I'm talking about to exhaustion because that's going to leave you depleted. that's going to cause a you know uptick in parasympathetic activity. Any of you that have done a hard leg workout and then you know 2 three hours later you're just like it's very clear brain oxygen levels are down parasympathetic activity is up you are tired because you exhausted all that energy and exercise. But if you can use exercise as a trigger to release adrenaline and stimulate these pathways within the brain that arrive via the signaling from the vagus, you do indeed open up the opportunity for enhanced neuroplasticity at any age. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @11C-r7m [224 likes]: Who came here after seeing the Eileen Gu's interview 🙋
  2. @HubermanLabClips [27 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Control Your Vagus Nerve to Improve Mood, Alertness & Neuroplasticity." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/CLbVW3Pj46A
  3. @Paul-q3m7k [2 likes]: Nicotine is not addictive on its on especially with slow delivery . I’ve been using 21 mg rugby patches for over a year now for health benefits . I cut them into 4 squares and change every 24 hours . I’ll forget to change them or even put them on sometimes for weeks with zero cravings or addictive type behaviours .
  4. @yungparable [1 likes]: So basically just hit the gym if you wanna learn something
  5. @davidfila_ [1 likes]: Wow, what an informative and super helpful video. Thanks Andrew!
  6. @jesjoeken [1 likes]: that’s why we want to learn and do. Thanks.
  7. @babu__cox135: For anyone who keeps wondering why they can’t simply relax like everyone else, Clara Hartley’s anxiety quiz might offer a useful explanation. It’s quick to complete and gives you a lot to think about.
  8. @KevinG.-xc3qz: I came here after..... accidentally developing a seizure disorder. If that makes any sense.
  9. @meat4078: Ο άλλος με ρώτησε εχθές τι θα ημουνα χωρίς αυτό και εσύ θέλεις να το αλλάξεις?
  10. @hanifzahidin2036: Glad I believe in this since I was child... I always didn't believe when people said that being adult means you will loose your sharpness.
Because I see how sharp my grandfather is when he was 70 years old... one thing that make him different is that he always search something new to learn, he know how to learn effectively and know how to dissect knowledge to tiny bit daily consumables
  11. @Kaleb-v5o: Hey man I did this for two days and found immense change in my brain and life and felt happier than ever then burntout completely then went back to my old self then never felt more depressed please help me do I just go slowly this time?
  12. @charlieir1: I don't know man, cup of Joe, a good walk some classical music and a swim... I am set with these.... screw nicotine
  13. @ritikamalhotra734: Learnt a lot. Thank you ❤
  14. @FanatikCod: Everything that is written in the Bible,comes to the surface now. I love this guy and I hope he will also make some studies on orthodox monks. I am a Romanian, and we have here a lot of material to study. Peace and love to everyone ❤
  15. @aalashariatisaravi1066: Thank you!
  16. @FarehavenGuitar: Isn’t this over thinking? It’s interesting but just practice and do the reps.
  17. @Good-to-Great-101: So cool that we can physically change our brain. So you can teach an old dog new tricks!
  18. @Giffandaman: Your mind is the best weapon in your possession
  19. @TataKupa: ❤
  20. @MHWildWrath: Thank you

- The MOST Powerful Brain Rewire Trick to Break Free from Feeling STUCK: Kind: captions Language: en You know that feeling where you feel like you're going to get absolutely nowhere in life? You're stuck in a cycle of looking at your phone and constantly feeling behind, but nothing you do is getting you out of that flop era. That was me 3 years ago and it was awful. The truth is the same wiring in our brain that keeps us stuck has the ability to change our lives forever and it has nothing to do with manifestations, matcha or morning routines. This is about understanding exactly how your brain works so you can use it to your advantage, hijack it, and completely change your life forever. Stick with me because in the next few minutes, I'll show you exactly how to bend your brain in your favor, one tiny tweak at a time. If you're new here, then hello. My name is FA. I'm a medical doctor working in London, and the aim of this channel is to share sciencebacked solutions to the biggest problems I've faced in my life. and I have a feeling you're experiencing as well. So, if that sounds like something you would be interested in, then hit the subscribe button so you never miss a video. So, why does neuroplasticity matter so much? Your brain is not hardwired. It is the ultimate editing app because every single day it is quietly deleting unused lines of code. And without you asking, it highlights and bolds the lines that you keep coming back to. Neuroscientists call that ongoing update neuroplasticity. And it is the reason that my dad is on a 300 day duolingo streak for Spanish well into his 50s. But there's a big issue. The same flexibility in our brain can hurt you as quickly as it can help you. In 2002, researchers followed people who only watched footage of 9/11. They had no personal connection. Just from watching the footage, they experienced symptoms of PTSD. Their brains had saved the tragedy on its desktop and was continually reopening the file despite not experiencing it firsthand. Next time you find yourself in a flop era, telling yourself that you'll never be good enough. This might explain it. Evolution has meant that our brains have a negativity bias. It means bad thoughts. Stick to it like Velcro. Imaging studies of the brain show that negative images light up our threat circuits harder and linger longer in our memory than positive ones. This was great when we were trying to run away from lions, but not so great when we're having a late night doom scroll comparing oursel to everyone else. The good news is that plastic means malleable. Just look at London taxi drivers. For them to pass their knowledge test, they have to memorize 25,000 roads. And MRIs actually revealed that their posterior hippocampus was actually bigger than average people. And the more years that they had been in the job, the bigger their hippocampus got. Which means even if it feels impossible now, it is completely possible for you to change your brain, silence your imposttor syndrome, and forget about the boy who made you feel small. I need you to do one thing for me. Think of your brain like a garden. Good thoughts are flowers and bad ones are weeds. If you do not learn about the tools in this video, then the weeds will take over your garden. And in the next section, we'll talk about yanking out those weeds that you've been watering without even realizing. So stick with me. So picture this. You've popped on your kettle for a quick twominute boil and your immediate reaction is to open Instagram just for one second and 11 doom scroll minutes later you've forgotten why you're in the kitchen in the first place. Even worse, that tiny voice in your head telling you you're not good enough now sounds like it's being played out of a megaphone. But what's really happening in your brain? Neuroscientists have this concept called Hebian learning, which is neurons that fire together wire together. It's the way our brain not only links information together, but also makes those links stronger. So, every time you replay a self-doubting thought in your head, it is like watering the weeds in your garden, helping them to grow. So, how can we kill those weeds? I need you to do a trigger audit because something is happening to trigger the thoughts in your head where you're telling yourself you're not good enough. And a great place to start would be opening your mostus social media app. Have a quick scroll and note down any account or post or trend or ad that spikes this self-criticism and follow, mute or filter them right away. And you've just yanked three weeds. Now to water the flowers instead. Every time a negative thought pops into your head, I need you to make note of a positive or neutral observation to counteract it. Say it out loud or jot it down in your notes app. For example, say a friend on social media just got engaged and maybe it makes you feel a little bit behind on life. A positive statement to counteract it might be, "Thank God, I don't have to pay for a wedding and I can pay for a holiday instead." This changes your perspective and swaps the weeds for flowers. Because just like a garden, your brain only has so much room. So, the weeds are gone, but to make our flowers grow big and strong, we're going to need some fertilizer. You may be familiar with that midweek haze where every day just feels copy and pasted. Same commute, same meal prepped lunch, same feeling of exhaustion the moment you get home from work and collapse on the sofa. And suddenly your brain's on autopilot before you can even say algorithm. That feeling of Groundhog Day isn't just boredom. It's your brain crying out for a challenge because by not challenging it, you could actually be doing real damage. Neuroplasticity thrives on two fertilizers, novelty and difficulty. So when you grow up, you become an adult, life becomes more routine. Your brain starts to slow. But all hope is not lost. A 2009 study by Oxford University showed that adults who learned to juggle for 6 weeks had positive changes on their brain imaging. But the best bit is that it didn't matter whether they actually got good at juggling. It just mattered that they tried. Recently, to challenge my brain and to heal from being a child who was awful at art in school, I started the Skillshare class, Learn to Draw, a comprehensive introduction to drawing foundations and style. This class teaches fundamental drawing skills using fun and beautiful activities. If like me, your brain is in need of a challenge and you want to learn a new skill, then there are a couple reasons why I am obsessed with Skillshare. Number one, worldclass creatives teach the stuff they do. Illustrators, designers, successful entrepreneurs. Secondly, you learn by making. Classes have many projects, so neuroplasticity gets its novelty and difficulty in one session. And finally, the platform is built for busy members. watch on your desktop at lunch or your mobile during your commute, whatever works for you. The first 500 people to use my link in the description or scan the QR code will receive 20% off their first year of Skillshare. Get started today. If you try a class, please let me know in the comments because I'm always looking for new Skillshare classes to try to keep my brain challenged. So, now your soil is nutrientrich in the form of challenge and novelty. But what happens when the seasons change and weather messes up your garden? That's right. It is time to talk about how your menstrual cycle can keep your brain stuck in this flop era. Do you ever notice how some days your focus can feel razor sharp and then foggy the next day with no clear reason? The cause could be your monthly hormones. You see, estrogen and progesterone aren't just baby making hormones. They're like the weather within your brain garden. Estrogen in particular turns up the network flexibility, which helps connections within the brain relink and spark new ideas. But when estrogen dips, you can feel a little bit more sluggish. A study looking at MRIs of women at different phases of their cycle found that when estrogen peaked around ovulation, there was the most amount of brain activity and different type of activity. So, how can you take advantage of your cycle and neuroplasticity together to get yourself out of your flop era? Firstly, if you are not tracking your cycle yet, then what are you doing? I've been tracking my cycle for the last 3 years and it's completely changed my life and the amount of grace that I give myself during different times of the month so I don't end up beating myself up when my hormones quite literally seem like they're fighting against me. Next, you need to understand what each of your phases mean. So, a quick whistle stop tour. Your menstrual phase is when you are having your period. Basically, progesterone and estrogen are low. Then, as you come out of your period, you enter your follicular phase where estrogen begins to rise with estrogen peaking around the time of ovulation. So, this is when an egg is released. This is the time where your brain might feel better, your mood might feel better. So, it's the perfect time to start something new. Get yourself out of a flop era. Be productive. After ovulation, estrogen starts to decrease and progesterone is increasing. This is known as the lucial phase and you may feel a little bit more sluggish, a little bit more emotional and that is okay. It can be a good time to be a little bit more relaxed, less hard on yourself, but quietly grind away and keep going as much as it feels right for you. I think the main issue I had when I was stuck in these self-deprecating cycles, telling myself that I wasn't good enough, relinking those negative links in my brain, I wouldn't have an awareness of my cycle. I'd make progress in my follicular phase, feel really great about it, and then some of my habits would slip in my lucial phase, which would lead me to have these bad thoughts about myself, which would relink these connections in my brain, keeping my brain garden full of weeds that just overtook all the flowers that I'd grown in my follicular phase. Just with the simplest of awareness, I am able to give myself forgiveness and not allow those weeds to infiltrate all the progress that I made the week before. Nutrition is also really important when it comes to minimizing those premenstrual symptoms that can impact your brain function and mood. Make sure you're getting your omega-3s from oily fish, flax seeds, walnuts, or supplements. Magnesium richch foods like dark chocolate can smooth that lucial phase irritability. Just make sure you're including a wide variety of nourishing plant foods to your diet, including berries and leafy greens. But modern life has gifted us something else that is terrorizing your garden. Brain rot. One buzz from Instagram, two from WhatsApp, and a breaking news alert popping up on your phone. Forget about planting any flowers in your garden. Your brain does not have capacity to process all this information all the time at once. Digital overload is rewiring your brain for shallow thinking. Think of internet brain rot like plants that can't really survive more than a couple days. They aren't bad as such, like weeds. They're just boring. Rapid task switching floods your brain with dopamine, teaching it to crave novelty instead of debt. The result is you can read five headlines, but struggle to finish a chapter of a book. If you cannot watch Netflix without scrolling on your phone at the same time, then this one's going to hurt. Brain MRIs have shown that heavy media multitaskers have structural differences in their brain and worse cognitive control. So, here is your focus training toolkit to grow plants in your garden that are worth planting. Download Forest. I've been talking about Forest for as long as I have had this channel. It is the only way I can script and research videos, but not only that, it's the only way I can get enjoyment from it. Forest is an app that stops you from going on your phone. If you go on your phone, a little tree dies and it enables me to get into flow state, which is this mystical place where time just seems to not exist because you are so immersed in a task. Digital overload hasn't just taken our focus, it's taken our ability to get passionate and stick our teeth into a project that we care about. and you're rebuilding your focus endurance by removing these short gratification dopamine hits. I need you to switch your commuter scroll to something more meaningful because I know it just seems like time to kill. But the issue is if you're starting your day with a scroll on your phone for the rest of the day, you're just going to be craving another scroll. Recently, I've been alternating between listening to a Headspace or listening to an audio book instead. And next, I need you to invest in two notebooks. One you're going to keep by the sofa, the other one you're going to keep by your bed. I don't charge my phone by my bed. It is the single habit in my life that has made the biggest impact bar absolutely none. I didn't set out to make that a habit, but the moment that it became a habit, I realized how much of a negative impact it had been having on my life to have my phone by my bed. But if you are someone who keeps their phone by their bed and lies in bed and gets bored and then reaches for their phone and then can't sleep, have a notebook by your bed and when you get bored or your mind is filled with thoughts, reach for the notebook instead. Put the thoughts and the ideas somewhere meaningful, but don't pick up your digital dopamine machine that is just going to keep you craving more and more. But what if the problem isn't your phone, it's you. You speak up in work and stumble on your words. And then the entire journey home, you're telling yourself, "I don't belong here. Everyone thinks I'm stupid. I don't deserve my job." Say hello to imposter syndrome. The biggest culprit preventing you from reaping the benefits of neuroplasticity. Feeling like an imposter keeps you stuck in this fixed mindset loop where you believe that who you are is set in stone and cannot be changed. One study looking at brain imaging found that those who had a growth mindset, which is a belief that you can change and you are capable, made stronger connections in their brain. So, here are three easy changes for your anti-fraud toolkit. Firstly, I'm going to sound like that viral interview of Megan Markle going around at the moment, but add yet. Sometimes it isn't imposter syndrome. Sometimes we are just bad at something. We all have weaknesses. Where the issue arises is when we think that those weaknesses limit our capability in the future. But just by adding yet to a statement, you shift from a fixed mindset to a growth mindset. For example, I'm not very good at making matcha yet. That was me about 6 months ago. And today I made the fluffiest, creamiest matcha of my life. And I was very proud of myself because 6 months ago, I definitely did not believe that I was capable of that. Next, I need you to have a success bank on the notes app on your phone. I know you've got a note on your phone dedicated to all the people that you've got with. Now, it's time to make a note on your phone detailing all your successes. Big wins to small wins. We do not discriminate because positive recall waters those flowers in your garden. Finally, share your story because you will find that imposter syndrome is so common. By being open and telling other people about these negative thoughts in your head, you are sending a signal to your brain that you aren't ashamed and it isn't a threat. Plus, in sharing these thoughts, you realize that so many of us have exactly the same weeds growing in our garden. But there is another unexpected saver stopping you from rewiring your brain. Chronic stress. Stress is like the water for our flowers in the garden. It's good for them at the right amount. Cortisol, which is the body's stress hormone, sends a signal to our body to wake us up, to respond to short-term challenges. It's like our alarm in the morning that wakes us up and tells us to get out the door. But when stress never turns off because work is chaos. Your personal life is a shambles and you never have a moment to breathe. This is like leaving the garden hose on all night, drowning the roots of your flowers. Chronic stress is very, very bad for neuroplasticity. I've researched and filmed a full video about how to regulate your nervous system that I believe went up last week, which I will link. But if I haven't posted it yet, then make sure to hit the subscribe button. So, you do not miss it when it does come out. You may be wondering why I have not mentioned three of the most important factors when it comes to boosting your brain function: diet, sleep, and exercise. So, you can find out my essential nighttime habits for good sleep by clicking this video just here or the video below about how to actually start a healthy lifestyle in 2025. Thank you so much for watching. If you did enjoy the video, please don't forget to like, comment, subscribe. I hope you have a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful week and I will see you in the next video. What?

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProsperousBhavna [4 likes]: Something helpful for chronic stress ???
  2. @ananya.m2157 [2 likes]: i watch your videos just for the accent<33
  3. @MrSeries1234 [2 likes]: The bots have taken over the comment section 😢
  4. @elegant.dominance [2 likes]: I love you Faye
  5. @Krishna_Dasi-s4y [1 likes]: 9:11
  6. @Sarah_Rayan [1 likes]: What should I do if I feel like this because I’m not happy because something is missing, something creative and entrepreneurial but I am stuck and don’t know where to start or what to do
  7. @rachelsmyth9854 [1 likes]: I really like your new podcast Faye !!!! I could listen to you talk for hours
  8. @manona055 [1 likes]: Hi girl, could you talk closer to your microphone please ? I don’t hear clearly what you say with headphones 😢
  9. @vanjatodorovic347: Were you roommate with dr Cat? Or I switched you with someone? :D
  10. @TheInnerBeacon: I really like your new podcast.I could listen to your talking everday
  11. @gypsymcgee7473: It reverses disease too . I have reversed my stage 4 cancer our bodies are so powerful.
  12. @IllustrateLucy: Is it true, Dr Faye, that popcorn can increase serotonin? I once read it was a good pms snack - I wonder what you’d make of that?
  13. @safa3760: i honestly love this. thank u
  14. @samantha-janelong7717: Do you still have a form of cycle during menopause?  I never had a typical cycle....then I hit menopause and it was like I had dementia!!!  I'm now on HRT, but I feel I have more of a cycle now.  As a VERY mature student, I feel swamped all the time.  Be good to know if I should be tracking?
  15. @BartoszKrawczyk-u7p: Amount of wisdom this video holds🤯
  16. @manarmrabet771: another bangerrrr
  17. @SrishSpillsTea: Amount of wisdom this video holds🤯🙏🏻❤️👏🏻
  18. @ilovecupcakes8988: Yes ❤
  19. @nourgharbieh2251: Please could you kindly research about pregnancy and its life changing aspects?
  20. @ElspethCarroway: You have such healthy, beautiful skin on your face.

- How Coaching Facilitates Self-Directed Neuroplasticity: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone Claire Jones from clarifications coaching this is the next video in a series where I go over how coaching and neuroscience interact to create significant value for my clients especially women who are stuck in unfulfilled jobs or careers last time I talked talked about how coaching helps open up new possibilities for my clients and this time I'm going to talk about how it facilitates self-directed neuroplasticity so brain based coaching especially coaching that is very client focused is an optimal way to facilitate self-directed neuroplasticity this is because client based coaching takes on a deeper meaning because there is the potential to connect clients neurons in new ways leading to novel thoughts beliefs feelings habits assumptions those kind of things it all existing perspectives that are already in your mind all existing mindsets assumptions beliefs habits values thought patterns they're all neural pathways that are already embedded in your brain and so when you are encouraged to identify these perspectives and assumptions and mindsets out loud with a coach you are then able to intentionally choose which neural pathways in which perspectives thought patterns habits you want to embed and that's basically the process of neuroplasticity neuroplasticity basically means the malleable nature of your mind neurons grow and nons die every day within your brain and it really depends on your thought patterns and where your brain is doing the most work on a day to day basis those are the neural pathways that get most embedded and the more you do something the more you do a habit the more embedded those pathways become and so coaching when you are encouraged to identify these out loud you can choose hey that thought pattern or that perspective isn't really serving me right now do I really want to keep it there and then you can decide I'm gonna embed this other pathway instead and go down this route because I like this person did I want to work with in this perspective more so than this old perspective that I had so as a coach I can keep the brains and minds of my clients at the forefront by integrating relative relevant neuroscientific teachings and research into my coaching programs so this is especially relevant for women who are stuck in frustrated stuck and frustrated in careers or jobs or life situations that are unfulfilled for them because you more often than not you're relying on old perspectives old thought patterns and old habits that aren't serving you and so when you're stuck in this unfulfilled spot now is the time to actually question those is this thought pattern serving me is this perspective getting me to where I want to go is this habit getting me to where I want to go and how can I actually take charge of that process and embed the neural pathways intentionally rather than relying on default perspectives or limiting mindsets that you used in the past but may not be benefiting you for a moment so that's it for today next time I will be going over how coaching is particularly effective for leadership skills but until then please subscribe to my youtube channel or follow me on instagram at clarifications coaching and as always please let me know if you have any thoughts or questions or comments because I love hearing from you guys I really like love the community that we're building here so just hit me up if you ever have anything that you want to talk about so I love you guys take care happy Tuesday

- Improving our neuroplasticity | Dr. Kelly Lambert | TEDxBermuda: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Gabriel Meira Reviewer: Hélène VERNET It is such a wonderful experience to be here in beautiful Bermuda! Thanks for coming out today. Like most of you, we don't get a lot of downtimes, but when I get some downtime, I really love to read a mystery. It seems that our brains, our human brains with all of our complex circuits, are uniquely designed to put the pieces of the puzzle together and to solve mysteries. But one mystery that's really been troubling me lately is the mystery of why, in the midst of a multibillion-dollar antidepressant industry, depression rates continue to go up. About 300 million people across the world today experience depression. And this isn't good, we need to do better; it's unacceptable. It makes us think that maybe there're some other suspects, some other clues where we can get some information about how to come to the solution and solve this mystery of depression. Well, one area where we spend a lot of time looking for clues is neurochemistry. This makes perfect sense because our brains are swimming in neurochemicals: dopamine, serotonin, acetylcholine, glutamate. And they have a huge impact on our behaviors, emotions, and thoughts. So it makes perfect sense to think that we could take a pill that could change our neurochemistry in ways that would make us feel better to be emotionally resilient. But there are challenges with this because it's hard to mimic Nature, in that, if there is an imbalance that is associated with something like depression, how do we make it take-a-pill and change the neurochemistry in these natural ways? So it's not very precise, and, unfortunately, it doesn't reliably help everyone who has depression. So it makes us think there're some other clues and suspects out there. So being a neuroscientist, when I go back to the drawing board - that drawing board is a brain - and I want it to be, as I tell my students, "let's be brain whisperers of a sort and see what is important to the brain," what really stands out to me is how our brains seem to be designed and evolved to move our bodies around. We like to think that our brains are about thinking, but movement is an incredibly important behavior. If we think about the cerebellum hanging off the back of our brains, it contains about 80% of our brain's neurons. Eighty percent! Anf what does a cerebellum do? Well, a lot of things, but it's most noted for its role in controlling our motor coordination and the areas around the center of the brain called the "striatum" also involved in coordinating and facilitating our movement. In fact, individuals who have Parkinson's or Huntington's disease have some impairment of this system. Then going from the middle of our brain down to our ear is the motor cortex which is involved in moving the specific muscles that are important for us to initiate and carry out that behavior we want to carry out. And if you look at the proportion of that motor cortex and the muscles that it's coordinating and controlling, the area that controls the hand is just proportionally large. It seems like Nature is telling us, "Movement is incredibly important." And movement of our hands is also very important. And if that's true, what would happen if say, we decided that we weren't going to move around as much? Maybe we're going to spend a lot of time sitting down in front of screens. Would that have some impact on our brains? Maybe so. And it's interesting to think over the past century just how much our lifestyle has changed. It's about a hundred years ago - well, over these hundred years - but it is hard to believe that in just 1939, the New York Times ran an article about this invention that was revealed at the World's Fair. It was called "television". It was really a "neat thing," they said. But they said it will never be more popular than the radio because "what family has time to sit in front of a TV in the evenings and not use their hands to do work?" Wow! Things have really changed over the last century and past generations. When I think about my own childhood, driving back to Talladega, Alabama, to see my grandparents, I have vivid memories of how busy, especially my grandmother was. After working in a factory, her downtime was spent shelling peas or shucking corn or snapping green beans on that front porch, only to be followed by freezing and canning and preparing that food so that in the winter when she would bring that food out and prepare these wonderful Sunday dinners, I saw the pride on her face because now, thinking back, she had to bring up these memories of the role she played in providing that food for her family. And it really made me see this pride. And if someone was sick in her community, I remember her saying - I'm from Alabama - "Bless her heart! She couldn't have her own garden, so I'm going to take her these vegetables, so at least she can prepare them for the winter." Wow! how things have changed! I'm beginning to think that maybe when we traded in our spears and our clubs for selfie sticks, that maybe we've traded in something really important for our brain. And what if our cultural contemporary ideas of prosperity in which we work really hard to make enough money to pay people to do the things our grandparents and ancestors used to do very well for themselves, maybe that doesn't match our brain's idea of prosperity, and maybe that mismatch could lead to some contribution to psychiatric illness, these high rates that we're seeing today. In fact, our ancestors' dependence on their hands in interacting with the environment to provide the resources just to live for that day, might have been the original Prozac, the prehistoric Prozac, that perhaps we need to remember. But this idea isn't new. Charles Darwin, who was the great naturalist, wrote that he had a lot of angst when he was dealing and writing and musing about this idea of natural selection and how controversial it was, and the impact it would have on his family and friends and their ideas about religion and the origin of our species. And he said that, when he would walk around his property, and there was a path called "the thinking path", that it would calm his nerves. He would put a rock at the gate, and he would have his walking stick, and when he would walk around that path he would knock that rock off to signify the effort that he had made. And if it was an especially stressful day, he'd put two rocks. And in an even more, he might have a three-rock walk, and he would have to walk three times and knock that stone over. Well, he wasn't just realizing that his behavior was important in regulating his emotions, but he was even dosing himself whether or not he was going to have one walk, two walks, or three walks a day. So this idea of behavior, he saw that it was important for regulating his mental health. And in the days when cake mixes came out, mostly women making the cakes those days, the first cake mix had everything you needed to make the cake. You just needed to pour the batter in the pan, but some very smart manufacturers noticed that women didn't take as much pride in their cakes if they didn't have a little skin in the game. So, they didn't have to, but they took the egg and water, so you would have to add the egg and the water. They get a bit more effort and people were more proud of the cake. (Laughter) So, thinking that behavior is important for our mental health, and that we can change our neurochemistry through behavior as our ancestors have, caused me to think about a new word, a word I just made up: "Behaviorceuticles." We can change our neurochemistry by taking a pill that will alter our neurochemistry, or maybe we can change our neurochemistry strategically by engaging in smart behaviors that will change it in more healthy ways. Well, I was reading that, about a hundred years ago, doctors used to prescribe knitting to women in those days, that they described as "overwrought" with anxiety. They didn't know why, but they saw that it calmed their nerves, kind of like Darwin. Knowing now what we know about neuroscience, this makes perfect sense. Serotonin is increased when we're engaged in repetitive behavior. And knitting and making the stitches is an example of repetitive behavior. As the knitter is thinking about that beautiful scarf or hat, that she or he is making, that increases dopamine. It's known as the pleasure neurochemical of the brain, but it's mostly involved with anticipation, looking forward to something. And as you think about the stitches instead of the worries of the day, that probably calms and reduces stress hormones. And if there was one neurochemical that probably is a culprit, a suspect, in a lot of the mysteries related to mental health, it's the stress hormones, cortisol for example. About 50% of everyone diagnosed with depression has high cortisol levels. So anything we can do to decrease the stress hormones is an important endeavor. And if we're knitting in the company of friends, then that may increase oxytocin, and oxytocin is known as the cuddle chemical, but it's important in fostering positive relationships, and also probably reduces stress. So here you go, a behaviorceutical with one activity of knitting. It may be cooking or woodworking or gardening, but something that's reminding you that the result of your physical effort is some reward. So, I'm a neuroscientist, so we want to go back to the brain. Remember the drawing board here. And I was fascinated to see that the area of the brain that is involved in reward, that is impacted in depression - lack of feeling that reward - is the nucleus accumbens, kind of lower in the brain. It has rich connections to that area of the brain involved in movement called "the striatum". And those areas have indirect and direct connections to the frontal cortex that is involved in our decision making and planning. The more that we engage in behaviors where we can see the result of our effort, those circuits are consolidating so that, as we go forward for the next challenge in our lives, we have a little experiential capital to bring with us, to remind us that what we do can make a difference. We did produce that scarf, we made that cake, we walked around the thinking path. I work with rats for a living. These are my colleagues and they outsmart me all the time. As a scientist, we need evidence, so all of that theorizing about our ancient humans and ideas about depression started to make sense but, I wanted to take this to the lab. A lot of friends, people who find out what I do, they ask, "But what can you learn about our brains, our fancy-schmancy brains, by looking at this very simplistic brain?" Well, it is true that it's small - it's 2 grams compared to our about 1400-gram brain - but it has all the same parts, all the same neurochemicals, and if I showed you a neuron, that individual cell in a human brain versus a rat brain, you wouldn't be able to tell the difference. So it's a wonderful model to start with. I realize that a rat is not a little human, and we are not a big rat, but it's a good model - well, some of us maybe. (Laughter) So, when I was thinking about putting these rats to work - I'm thinking about this idea about work and producing products that we're proud of - I needed something the rats would work for, and our rats love Froot Loops. So, we had to get them addicted to Froot Loops. Then I needed a task, and I thought back of my grandmother's garden. And I wanted them to harvest something. So we came up with a task where they would harvest Froot Loops, not fruit or vegetables, but they would dig up Froot Loops. So they have this arena and we move around these mounds of bedding and they were trained so that they would see a mound and gently dig and voilà! there's a Froot Loop. And they had an opportunity to get four of those every day. So it is not intensive training, it's about five or ten minutes a day for about six weeks, but they're building those connections between the reward areas of the brain and the motor movement areas of the brain to produce effort-based rewards. Well, for proper science you need a control group to compare to this experimental group. So, our control group was a group that we put in the same arena, and we gave them Froot Loops regardless of what they did. So my students like to call, the experimental group, where their reward was contingent upon their behavior, "The worker rats," and the rats that got the reward no matter what - there wasn't a contingency there - "The trust-fund rats." So we have the worker rats and the trust-fund rats. (Laughter) So we've done several studies - I see you can relate to that a little bit - where we wanted to put our worker rats to the test, to see if this effort-based reward training generalized to other things. So we like to expose them to new challenges, like swimming - they've been in a lab, they've never been in water. Well, the effort-based reward worker rats are more likely to dive down, like little rats scuba divers, to explore the environment. They showed more evidence of effective coping. And when we look at their brains, I think brains are gorgeous here, they show more evidence of neuroplasticity, that fertilizer, brain-derived neurotrophic factor, more complex connections with the neurons. So, we see this neuroplasticity. For the interventions and therapeutic approaches that we have currently for depression, most of those directly or indirectly increase neuroplasticity, but here we're doing it naturally. But that was with training. We wanted another way to stimulate effort-based rewards that was more spontaneous. So, we've known for a while that if you put a rat an exciting and engaging world, something called "enriched environment," kind of a Disneyland of sorts, they're busier and they have more neuroplasticity and it seems to be great for their brains. So we did this. We also look at artificial kind of manufactured stimuli, and more natural stimuli. So, we have our country rats and our city rats. They seem to be equally smart, but our country rats seem to have an edge on emotional resilience. So, they are more like those effort-based reward rats that will go out, the bold ones. And also, with our effort-based reward rats, we see lower stress hormones and higher hormones of resilience, and remember we said that was important for mental health. Interestingly, we also found that when we have a group of rats in an enriched environment and a group of rats in just a standard environment, they do things more together, not only engaging with their environment, but through cooperation. So, we've actually shown that their oxytocin that we talked about increases when they're engaged in these natural enriched environments doing things together. And that's important for our "behaviorceutical" cocktail. This doesn't surprise me, because recently in Denmark, they showed that humans - they followed about a million - who grew up in a household with more green around it, shrubs, trees, were up to 55% less likely to experience depression in their lives. If we could bottle that, that would be amazing. So, where does that leave us? We're not going to go back to the cave or to being hunters and gatherers. We're here in this advanced technologically rich world, and we benefit in many ways from that, but looking back at what we know about our ancestors and the brain, and my wise rats, I think it reminds us that we need to remember our evolutionary roots as we go forward in this world of technology and have a little bit of those effort-based rewards, especially if it's related to Nature in some way, to help us with our mental health. I had an experience where I got to put this to the test to see if an engaged enriched environment would allow the rats to show healthier brains, and I had a colleague who asked me, "Kelly, can you teach a rat to drive a car?" I thought "why would I want to do that? That's not natural." This goes against everything I thought, but we drive cars and before I knew it, we were talking about how you'd get a rat to drive a car, and how you'd shape it to go in. We decided that we'd grab the little copper bars, and of course, they would be driving to a Froot Loops tree. That's their drive-in. If you've ever wondered if you can teach a rat to drive a car, yes, you can. Not only can they drive, but they can steer, they're autocorrecting, right? This blew my mind, but more relevant for this story is when we looked at rats that were in an enriched environment versus the standard environment. The rats in the enriched environment, when we took them through the ropes of driving to see how long it would take them to learn to drive, the criterion for robust driving, they learned in 22 trials. The standard rats, we don't know how long it would take, they never really learned to drive. This blew our minds that the enriched environment made our rats better learners of technology. So, we think that our enriched rats would get their driver's license, but not so much for the rodents, they would be denied. So, as we think about our brains and what they evolved to do, the idea of taking a single pill and being able to replicate what goes on in our brains naturally seems just about as unreasonable as thinking that we could take a pill to be a better parent. You just can't do that, you have to go through the ropes. You have to have those experiences to go forward. You have to have the behavior that leads to "behaviorceuticals" to change the neurochemistry in healthy ways. So, I started with a mystery, what's going on with our brains? why are these rates increasing? And looking back and thinking about how our behavior can change not only our neurochemistry but our neuroanatomy, I think that the solution and clues may have been in our hands all along. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @antonitobendrito2243 [1 likes]: LOVE THIS❤❤❤❤❤
  2. @Realitätsüberwachung: Now I understand it better
  3. @KrystalynJackson: I feel like people were just as depressed a century ago, but it was so stigmatized that no one came out about it. People love fetishizing the past but forget just how horrible it really was. Have we all forgotten "wondering uteruses"?..
  4. @Newfoundmike: Country Rats listen to HANK 😎
  5. @NelsonCassidy-y6d: I like every part of this
  6. @MoreWomenWithBeards: GET A HAIRCUT 💇‍♀️ 😂😂❤❤❤
  7. @MoreWomenWithBeards: LONG HAIR 😂😂😂❤❤❤
  8. @cintroberts6614: I did not get a cell phone until I turned 55 , My mental health is extremely resilient as a result. I do not doom scroll and only use it when I need to.
  9. @doctorkazoo: This is the second Ted talk I've watched on this topic. These scientists have a hard time communicating with everyday people. She's all over the map and the whole thing ends  with a silly jumble of driving rats and better parenting. What a mess.
  10. @jetplaneful: Walk, write and read. It will give you peace of mind.
  11. @steveywonder1990: Interesting point About our hands 🙌🏻🤲🏻👋🏻🤚🏻🖐🏻👐🏻👉🏻👈🏻👍🏻
  12. @1Phoenizian: I'm married to a farmer,  my dad was raised on a farm.  Maybe this is why these families are steadfast farming even the years when income is negative. However, with Trump at the helm our our economy many are going out of business due to the Tariffs.
  13. @BarnabasAkpen: Great job, this video was very useful!
  14. @carlschleg5822: WOW WONDERFUL AND GRATEFUL for your WISDOM
  15. @fasdapjasdap: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  16. @ManuelaSantos-j2o: Very well done, appreciate this video!
  17. @johncwade7765: Thank you for your research and this talk 😊
  18. @Novacpic: Who's here after Eileen Gu
  19. @georginabravo4508: We are depressed because no matter how much we study, or how much we work , we Will never make It to the top.  Meritocracy and its jerarchies, the responsable of our depresión.
  20. @bobamuhammed5328: I want to die now before the next second

- Window of Tolerance - a simple tool for emotional regulation: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back today I'm talking through a really simple tool to help you understand and carry out emotional regulation it's called the window of Tolerance and you can use it with anyone of any age you might want to adapt the language a bit if you're using it with Chinese but generally I find that they can understand it pretty well okay so the window of Tolerance works on the basis that every day each and every one of us are kind of our mood our feeling and how how things are going is kind of always going up and down and up and down and up and down that can be due to internal factors so things that are happening with us sort of anxieties hormones different stuff going on inside it could be stuff that's going on externally so a conversation you have with someone feedback you get about something it's a traffic jam and all sorts of different things so there are different things that can impact on how we're thinking and how we're feeling and those can be both positive and negative now what our aim is each day is where possible and it's not always possible we want to try and stay within our window of tolerance so we're going up and down and up and down but we're trying to stay in the optimal zone so we try not to shoot up through the top which is what we call hyper arousal and that's when we tend to go into a very kind of anxious mood so that's our kind of fight-or-flight type response and we can get extremes of that or kind of more minor bit so that's hyper arousal and we also want not to shoot down through the bottom which is when we go into hypo arousal and that is like our kind of freeze response and that's our more sort of depressive low mood lacking motivation type response now in order to try and stay as so far as possible within our window tolerance each day and a ton of two key things we can do one is to begin to get a better understanding of what impacts on where we are within our window of Tolerance so that might mean then we're going to try and avoid things we're going to try and manage them differently that we might for example if something makes us highly anxious that we build in a little bit of a breathing space for ourselves after that for example and the other thing we can do is to think about how to respond quickly if we feel ourselves either tipping up out into hyper arousal or at the bottom into hypo arousal so in order to respond in that way then we're going to want to think that what works for me or if you're working with someone else I'll see what works but in order to calm so if we're shooting up through the top what can I do right now in this situation that will help me to calm and try and stop me shooting up through the top there or if we're worried that we're going to shoot down through the bottom and go into hypo arousal that depressed lacking motivation and then we're gonna think what might help to activate now this is really personal so this isn't really one where I can just tell you the answers you have to brainstorm out for yourself you need to try out journal it see what works and what doesn't but some kinds of things that might work are so for me if I'm going into hyper arousal which is a place I tend to go often that can be because I'm getting highly anxious and that might be because I find social interaction really tough so I might do things like take a break from social interaction I might do something mindfully I might eat mindfully drink mindfully go for a mindful walk I might do some breathing exercises I find things like the box breathing to be really helpful I might color I might stroke my dog there's lots and lots of different things I might do to try and help me to calm if I'm feeling anxious on the other hand if I feel I'm dipping down into that lack of motivation or I just want to curl up and hibernate and that also happens quite often at home then I would be thinking what might activate me sometimes it's similar things I tend here to think of the five senses as my first go-to so I'm thinking about what can I do to arouse myself in terms of the senses so what are things that I can I can look at that will activate me what are things that I can smell smell and taste a really great ones here so if I'm at home I might jump in the shower with like a lime or a mint shower gel I might brush my teeth I find the taste of mint really good sometimes I find things like chili good stuff like that and then and then sound can be a good one too again we can use that to calm if we're if we're anxious use calming music or activate some kind of happy uplifting type music can really help like I say it really depends on on work what works for the individual and also you need to think about the circumstances so for example if I find myself feeling highly anxious but I'm in like a really exposed social situation for example say I'm standing on stage giving a keynote presentation and something's just tripping my anxiety for some reason then I need to think about what can I do right here right now that's going to have the least impact on me carrying on with my normal stuff and usually there it's just literally a case of me just taking a moment taking a deep breath maybe asking colleagues to discuss something for a moment or two while I gather my thoughts and then stepping back in and the key thing here is that ideally we're trying to get a better understanding of where we're sitting within the window of Tolerance all the time and to understand what other small things that we can do that will help to nudge us in the right direction so we're just becoming more aware really of what's going on with ourselves each day and we're taking small steps so that we can try and keep ourselves in that optimal zone so far as possible the other thing we can do longer-term is to think about ways to increase our window of tolerance so that we are more resilient we're more able to manage the kind of ups and downs of day-to-day life and there are lots of ways that we can do that but the the kind of key ones here are to really think about getting our basics in place so I always talk about the kind of key pillars of our mental health sitting within our physical health and so we're thinking about getting good sleep regular exercise healthy food and if we get that right then actually everything else becomes a lot more easy to manage so if you think about a typical day and how you respond to slightly difficult triggers within that day if you then think about how you would respond to those triggers if you haven't had a good night's sleep then you begin to understand how you know being chronically sleep-deprived or not having good sleep regularly can have a really big impact on our ability to manage day to day so they go introduction to the window of tolerance I hope that you found this helpful I share this a lot so I'm a well I refer to you to this video if I have shared this idea at a conference or a training session hopefully it's a good refresher and something you can share with colleagues too and it's an idea that you can really quickly understand and just use as part of your day-to-day managing for yourself and/or using it to support others - simple idea loads and loads of applications and tons of opportunities to adapt it to meet the needs of you or the person that you're working with or supporting good luck with it please leave a comment below let me know if you've used it and how and any ideas you've got to add and if you like this give it a thumbs up and if you would like to see my other videos in future then please take a moment to hit subscribe and hopefully I'll see you again thanks so much bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarahwhitaker7699 [1 likes]: Thank you! Especially for your honesty about yourself - lived experience counts for much more than 'good ideas' :-)
  2. @5hydroxyT [1 likes]: I found your ideas for stimulating when we are at the bottom of the window (smell, taste, sound) to be very useful! thank you
  3. @sunheri189 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for addressing coping skills for hypoarousal :)
  4. @jasonmelzer5624: Love this explanation.
  5. @michelle14548: What if you wake up with with instant fear terror,
  6. @Almitelahun: Clear and concise exactly how I like my information to be delivered.  Thank you.
  7. @LivingMaps-c6r: From a grammatical, academic, semantic and best practice standpoint, emotion regulation is the more precise phrasing. The word emotion denotes what you are regulating; emotion is the object being regulated. The word 'emotional' describes the kind of regulating you are doing, you can't 'regulate' an 'emotional'. That distinction can matter, particularly in educational contexts, such as YouTube videos like this one, where terminology shapes understanding.
  8. @fredvacher3998: Thanks. It s very helpful ❤
  9. @raziamohamed4585: Thanks this really helped me  x
  10. @lillbjorneuk: I'm a bit surprised to hear 'freeze' being a response to hypo-arousal - I would say that freeze and fawn are often my automatic responses to overwhelm, I would not describe that as hypo-arousal?
  11. @zachp419: Sleep is so real. More real than I wish it was
  12. @DianaHugill: Thank you great hints and tips
  13. @CaptChristopherScot: Thanks so much. This was really helpful.
  14. @LegalAlien100: It’s helpful, but what happens when you have your family bombarding you with shit? Sorry, lemon and mint showers are a bit of a luxury...
  15. @sondrastrickland9804: 😊
  16. @brittabadenhorst6723: Soooo awesome, thank you :)
  17. @lindahebb4832: Thank you for posting
  18. @rafeeqwarfield9690: thank you, this was really helpful
  19. @irenedavo3768: REMEMBER TO THUMBS UP 👆
  20. @irenedavo3768: Food! Eat well! Good sleep !

- The Window of Tolerance and emotional regulation: Kind: captions Language: en do you remember a time when you suddenly felt intensely angry and frustrated and thinking back you don't recognize yourself and your behavior or you cannot even remember what happened or a time when you felt so overwhelmed that you just wanted to disappear disconnect from everybody and everything cocoon yourself in the sofa or in bed do you ever feel so distracted or absent-minded and cannot remember what was happening at the time these are examples of times when we are outside of our window of tolerance but what is the window of tolerance window of tolerance is a term used to describe the zone of optimal internal activation and connection with the environment in which a person is able to function well this includes external information what's happening around us and internal information how we're feeling inside when we are within our window of tolerance it is easier to respond to the demands of everyday life without much difficulty to have important conversations with people and take perspective and think of solutions when we are faced with a challenge or a problem we can be hyper aroused above our window of tolerance when we are hyper aroused we may notice signs of dysregulation such as feeling agitated restless anxious or angry this happens when our brain interprets a situation as a threat or a danger to us either physical or emotional threat we can also be hypo around below our window of tolerance this is when we notice an urge to shut down and disconnect from our surroundings we may feel tired sluggish spaced out and distracting in extremely difficult situations you may feel completely zoned out and numb both emotionally and physically some people may feel that they cannot react they feel frozen or they may notice a loss of strength why does this happen these sensations are part of what we call the fight or flight response when this happens the protective part of our brain that is involved in keeping us safe and alive takes over from the thinking part of the brain it's one of the responses that we share with animals some animals fight with a predator for example a buffalo protecting a calf or they run away from the predator such as antelopes and some animals would freeze or flop which makes them look like they are sick as this increases the chances of the predator being put off by a sick animal and leaving them alone the way animals and humans respond depends on the fast assessment that the protective part of the brain makes of the situation and what makes it more likely to survive our window of tolerance is not static it is different for different people depending on a number of factors for your life experiences and your current circumstances our window can be narrower when we are stressed and it widens when we are relaxed worry-free and when we feel safe the window of tolerance can also be widened by using strategies and tools that can help you get out of survival mode when you start therapy for ptsd and trauma the window of tolerance can be really helpful to understand some of the symptoms of trauma which often lead people outside of their window of tolerance your therapist will generally spend a number of sessions teaching you grounding skills and tools to help you stay within your window of tolerance and to expand your window once you have some essential emotional regulation and self-suiting skills you and your therapist can go on to working with your traumatic memory this is an important part of the therapy and it will help you through the next stages of trauma-focused therapy [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @sudsjag [5 likes]: Once again, your way of explaining makes it easier to grasp to begin with, thanks.
  2. @michaelodonnell8561 [3 likes]: Thanks so much for your helpful video x
  3. @justnoted2995 [1 likes]: Voice??
  4. @tellnorm1904: Beautiful - many thanks!
Many notes taken and super helpful
  5. @zaxpage9003: Imagine a world where your mental health providers have no knowledge of any of this.

- The Window Of Tolerance (edited version of our original 2018 video): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign the window of Tolerance spraying can be divided into three different areas the first brain area to develop in the womb is the brain stem this is the part of the brain responsible for keeping the child alive when in danger it does this by taking the child into a fight flight freeze or collapse State when it perceives threat the second area to develop from around nine months old is called the limbic brain this is the area of the brain that is responsible for the child's emotional maturity their behavior control foreign Ty to have healthy relationships the third area of the brain to develop is called the cortical brain this is responsible for learning language reflection morality processing information and planning the cortical brain has fully developed by the age of 25 years to understand the behavior of a traumatized child it's helpful to understand that each child has a unique window of Tolerance when they are within their window of Tolerance they can think love learn empathize be playful explore reflect and use words to describe their feelings they are at their personal best when they feel pushed out of their either to the upper level hyper aroused or the lower level hypo aroused then their cortical thinking brain goes offline it literally gets disconnected from the rest of their brain they experience a neurochemical change they swing into their brain stem and they feel distress child has unique triggers which push them out of their window of Tolerance a child can be pushed just outside their window or way outside their window leading to either mild or extreme distress children faced with their triggers who swing into hyper arousal go into fight flight freeze mode on the inside they feel anxious overwhelmed frightened and sometimes terrified and angry her body changes their heart rate increases they get shaky and they might get body pains their body is getting ready to fight run or freeze we know they are not in danger but their brain does not know this on the outside they appear aggressive or anxious or obsessive or controlling swing into hypo arousal go into collapse mode on the inside they feel empty dead inside flat shut down disconnected just nothing their body changes their heart rate decreases and they get ready to find Death as a survival strategy on the outside they appear withdrawn quiet hard to reach emotionless inactive unproductive and unable to learn relate or engage children who have experienced trauma and loss swing from hyper aroused to hypo aroused with limited amounts of time within their window of Tolerance their window of Tolerance is smaller than other children's our job as adults supporting the child is to help them expand their window of as this is where they can learn love and be loved we can do this by teaching them how to notice communicate and manage their emotions and how to bring themselves back into the personal window of Tolerance by regulating their feelings for them and with them we show them that their emotions are not dangerous and can be tolerated we can also help by identifying their triggers and creating an environment that feels as safe as possible for them we must work hard to stay within our own in order for us to help children stay within theirs adults stay hopeful and calm a child's stress response can be reduced with the right support in the right place at the right time

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpectrumGamingAutism [5 likes]: This video is so, so helpful!
  2. @melliecrann-gaoth4789 [2 likes]: Very good video
  3. @danielgembski4487: Incredibly helpful and informative.
  4. @Stormer_IC-XC: Modern women should be kept far away from young boys.
  5. @sordidmayhem191: What is the programme you have used for creating the video please?

- Dr  Stephen Porges: Polyvagal Theory Updates & Critiques (2023): Kind: captions Language: en Dr Stephen porges is the creator of the Paradigm shifting polyvagal Theory and he joins me in today's episode for an extended conversation on critiques of and new additions to the polyvagol theory including the new mixtapes of Fawn appeasement and intimacy he has a brand new book coming out called our polyvagal world which I do recommend but I'll do a book review on that in a future episode and he just released a new paper called The Bagel Paradox a polyvagal solution I'll have links to both of those in the description but we are going to be talking about the new paper and the new book in this episode in a lot of detail this episode will definitely Challenge and deepen your understanding of the political Theory my name is Justin Sunseri I'm a therapist a coach and the creator of the polyvagle trauma relief system welcome to stuck not broken where I teach you how to live with more calm confidence and connection without the psychobabble but I know you're not here for me so let's get to Dr porges new book uh our poly Bagel World and a new paper The Bagel Paradox a poly Bagel solution a couple huge things coming out for you before from you uh currently let's start off with our uh the new book right our political world so first off who's the book for we'll I'm gonna start off kind of light I have a little more complex a little more uh into the weeds of the theory later on you want to get warmed up that's fine that's yeah we're just warming yeah yeah so who's who's the new book for our poly Bagel World is that for okay so the polyvegal theory when it came out it came out on my science roots and was for my colleagues or what I thought my colleagues would be interested in knowing about was for me it was my own journey of Discovery and scientists are a little let's say uh I was going to term egocentric but they're certainly focused about what they do and they think that their problems are the most important problems and this is they see the world through their own vision and poly vehicle Theory came from that and when you go back and read uh the original Theory and also the papers that live up to that you would know that I was working In Obstetrics basically looking at the iris babies and I was confronted with the Paradox and that is how can heart rate that creates a pattern of bradycardia which is too slow and not enough oxygen to the brain be vagal and and also heart rate variability be vague how can the Vegas both keep you healthy and kill you and that was really yeah go ahead that I actually want to I want to put a pin on that because I'm going to bring that up later on regarding your paper which is the bagel Paradox yeah so I was looking through you have a I didn't realize how much you have written uh not just book wise but you're the scientific articles that your research it is an incredible amount uh even before I think 1994 was like the year of introducing political Theory to the world right yeah before that there was what 20 to 30 years worth of research on well longevity does help you know they're they're persistence and Longevity yeah my first publication is in the late 1960s and it was the first really the the first quantification of heart rate variability as a variable that changed under mental effort but I think your question is who's the book written for so yeah we can get right to that and I was really saying that everything uh my tradition or my history or my training is to write to my colleagues and so there's always been this kind of Disconnect between my writing and when I get on like a podcast with you where I would talk about things or give talks in public or their YouTubes out there where people find me a relatable accessible and they kind of track it but they can't really read the articles so there's a disconnect because what you're seeing in the articles is really my academic history and who I write for and so I had a real problem I I needed a voice I wanted a voice to translate what I see and what I saw really in terms of how the nervous system supported Health growth restoration or really in a sense the foundational building blocks of humanity if you want to get really to the basic part of it because probably available theory is not about just high risk babies having bradycardias it's about trusting others and that's what our body does when we trust others and what happens to our body when we're in the states of threat well I'm very fortunate because you know one of the products of my relationship with my loving wife was uh two wonderful Sons one son is a neuroscientist who's a faculty member at the University of Florida and actually has patterns and research on auricular vagal nerve stimulation the device yeah but he's not the one I wrote the book with you know because yeah he's the academic and he has to stick within his own boundaries but he's you know in a sense uh integrating a lot of these ideas into his own creative work he's an imager plus interested in vehicle function plus he integrated neuropeptides which is what my wife Sue studies oxytocin well the other son if we can say that not in any diminutive way no no or dismissive way is Seth and Seth was a journalist and then Seth decided that he would start making documentary movies and he had a very successful movie how called class action park and you get a touch of who Seth is if you watch that movie he's in it and he uh it's it's a documentary of course and he's making several others and he said to me he said Dad I'd like to translate your ideas into something that is readable and this start this very interesting collaboration and uh to me I I have to step back from it and actually share my own visceral reaction to it okay Seth is extraordinarily bright I mean anyone who knows him or who's been him realize that this is kind of this is a brilliant kid I I'm an and I'm a proud father so but here's the issue when your kid is writing your work how do you deal with that and who who tells whom what to do and the it worked out very nicely good Seth basically start working out the narrative and writing and I would rewrite and he would rewrite it back to what it was because the the strategy was I would start writing it making it too dense and he says we have an agenda here and that is to communicate to people now the Paradox of the whole journey Not only was that I was now literally a passenger it says carrying a a fruit basket of ideas and he was now the great communicator the orator of the theory but the interesting part to me was when I had the book read to me with it with the basically I if you you can use your computer to read your text and I heard my voice I didn't hear the Seth's I heard my voice and so there was this remarkable thing that Seth was able not only to capture the ideas but in many places or in general to capture my voice but to capture it out without the complexity of the scientist yeah so he he the book does what it's supposed to do it's a book for everyone it's a book to explain this part of our body in a sense what I would say is a metaphor it's helping us claim our evolutionary Heritage when we know about who we are and the resources that we could that come on board with this remarkable nervous system we can be a better person yeah absolutely I I do think the book hits the target it's obviously written for more General audience I mean if you go from your original Theory Book extremely dense uh very difficult to read I had to have a dictionary right by me and I was just constantly back and forth but then the other ones you've written since then have been easier more easily accessible this one is extremely I would say easy to access and I like how you took the theory and applied it to things like solitary confinement in prison your your section on oxytocin I think was probably my favorite I don't want to ruin it because it there's a really beautiful way that you wrote it right I'm assuming you wrote that part well it does say every now and then we'll say I Stephen so I'm assuming you wrote that section well you have to understand Seth's the writer it doesn't mean that the ideas and the story lines and the information aren't mine but he's creating the voice and what makes it unique there are a lot of these books that are quote written by the star with or with or without the writer and some of the Stars when you read their books you wonder they get that skill set to communicate in this case my son was able to truly capture my voice and capture the history of this because he's part of me or I'm part of him it's really kind of a beautiful Journey but I really want to give him credit uh for this ability this wonderful skill set to take ideas and to provide a framework of presentation which becomes accessible I have now been using another term in my political world I talk about the the greatest gifts that we can give is our own accessibility why because it makes other people accessible which pays us back multiple times Seth took these ideas and made them accessible and whether the beauty of that is it means that tens of thousands literally a people will start incorporating these Concepts in how they seek the world and how they interact with each other oh absolutely take me a step back I was assuming that you wrote a chunk he wrote a chunk oh that's that's even more impressive because I couldn't tell the difference there was a in the opening section there were references to the Hulk and Bruce Banner and I think Spider-Man spider stance was in there that's him yeah that felt very I was assuming but then yeah give him the freedom of that because he is relating to his audience however uh every the real issue is the content and the how truthful and accurate is absolutely and that's that's all that's me but when I say it's all my content but this is his ability to artfully put it into let's say palatable is accessible and I will tell you the the blur for me the own personal mask the veil is that when I hear it I think it's me and it and it's it and it's uh and I think that when you when you realize that your son can basically convey you um what it's not only a beautiful gift it's also a great relief it means that the ideas are not stuck or locked inside of you and I have to actually share this as as a academic for decades the greatest frustration I felt was the frustration of being unable to communicate what was literally locked inside of me and so I can sit back and say wow here's the voice and what's going to be the next book you know wow amazing so let's take it a step further here in this book there's a there's a section on mixed States particularly yeah particularly appease appease and fawn yeah so let me qualify this uh people have written to me asking hey how does Fawn fit into the polytheville theory yeah and my default response has always been I've never seen portraits Dr Portis talk about it but I conceptualize it as a behavioral adaptation to a stock defensive state or to a mixed state I I thought it could be any of the states but in this one it sounds like you and staff are qualifying yeah let me bring you back to the history event so okay in November 2019 I was giving a talk in London and someone said tell me about appeasement and phoning and I said yeah I will need to think about that yeah and then I over over a decade I was confronted by um uh a psychologist whose name is Rebecca Bailey and a survivor of uh being abducted for over I think was 19 years and that's JC dukart and Rebecca and JC were confronting me because they were very upset with the Stockholm syndrome and they thought polyvagal Theory would have a different take on JC's experience of being abducted and that is they she's being criticized in the Press uh for being compliant and it says loving the guy that she detested and the part was so we finally actually got this together in in the within the past year we wrote a paper called appeasement yeah yeah and the whole idea when I started to realize working with them was appeasement is kind of like a super uh a superhero's skill it and here we have to be very careful and I have to really give you kind of a a a basically caveat this is not something everyone can do you know you've always heard that one yeah it's it's basically there it's like if someone can you know is a savant we say oh wow what genius Savant but when someone has this capacity to appease a predator when under the most adverse situations that is a nervous system that needs to be respected and honored and it's not a nervous system that needs to be emulated meaning that if you think that you should become like that and all you're going to do is be uh basically your body may not go through that ride it may may fall apart you may shut down this is a remarkable uh Narrative of a nervous system under the worst conditions and it's really a blended at stake because it has features of of all kinds of fear not just fight flight but immobilization but it still enables a sufficient access to that ventral social engagement system the face and the voice so that it's convincing enough to uh to basically uh make the Predator think you're on the same team what a remarkable adaptive reaction and that is appeasement is appeasement is super it's a super skills set hey you know it's it's kind of like almost like I can fly you know but it's like so it's something we honor and when we meet people who have that now farting is much more reflexive and farting in itself is is dangerous because what happens when people form is Predators lose interest and if you have abducted someone and you lose interest in them what's going to happen it can and then end up with with someone being murdered or something really catastrophic happening so it's more like a dorsal Vegas shutdown the body says I I can't fight it I'm gone but phoning an appeasement to me are Kevin quarkley different uh adaptive reactions totally makes sense and I think with fawning in particular I had conceptualize it as a heavy mix of shutdown with some other defensive state activation because it seems to me there's some surrendering of the self yes I mean just metaphorically very Loosely the self so but that's the fawning to me always felt like it's there's some Behavior or grouping of behaviors that one undergoes in order to reduce the amount of you know shut down or threat within their system that they're feeling so it's not I never thought of it as a state in of itself or a mixed state but as a behavior as a result of other states or mixed States yeah I would also say it has a degree of numbness or disassociation oh yeah and so it it it's on the way of not being there totally but it may still be exhibiting a certain amount of overt Behavior so what's the line between a behavior and a mixed state or or a statement the the issue is um behaviors I actually was on an email with this where I was trying to use the word phenomological I'm going to use the word observable Behavior Is What You observe and what we're making a series of inference regarding what we can't observe and we're saying this is the neural structure that supports what we can observe and this has created great confusion because people start thinking of sympathetic nervous system as fight flight but what happens when you're running and playing your face is animated you're interacting you know you're in your body and it's enjoyable so that's a mixtape plays a mixtape but running out of fear is not it's something different likewise immobilization out of fear is you're gone but immobility immobilization without fear is shared moments of intimacy you know where you're comfortable in the presence and proximity of another I've also heard you called so this was a a nice new wrinkle for me from the book because there's the primary States but there's also mixed States but it also kind of seems to be these States along with somebody else so immobilization while safe could be called Stillness and I've heard you I think it was you though yeah recall that but uh Stillness with somebody now can be called intimacy yeah yeah so it's kind of like a new wrinkles adding is somebody else involved and then yeah if we think about immobilization we normally doesn't have a social component but intimacy is a social act uh but what's interesting with intimacy is voice proximity and gesture may be more important than basically facial gaze at that point since the bodies may be so comfortable they don't have to they they don't need the reassurance of repeated face-to-face interaction let me let me take a step further if I can it's really important to me to be accurate in my Concepts and how I'm relating this information right so couldn't we look at any behavior and make some sort of inferences as to what may be happening on our nervous system level yeah right it will let me deconstruct that question a little bit differently okay so and then I'm not sure I sent you this paper but there's a paper on the science of safety uh in that paper I talk about psychophysiological parallelism as a literally a false flag so what we're talking about is we have motor Behavior observables we have autonomics and then we have brain now there's not always a one-to-one autonomics are really a foundation upon which there are many behaviors many uh psychological basically your cortex is large and so you have lots of creativity going on there but your brain stem that regulates autonomic nervous system is very small right so it's one to many and one to many follows a hierarchy because the autonomic states are really pretty limited that's what makes it interesting to study right right right so that that's where that's where the for me the question is well okay well what else could be added to this because the primary State seem pretty cut and dry there's yeah uh the ventral vehicle dorsal vehicle sympathetic right so pretty cut and drive I just put it Loosely the mixed States you mix those together and you get base mixed states which I could which I understood to be play Stillness and freeze you have appeasement also is really a mixtape so now we're now appeasement is in there Fawn is in there couldn't you continue adding things like exercise your mobile but alone couldn't you so is exercise you can you can interpret it and you can play with it and it's really saying you have limited States or circuits and you can mix and match right and what are the Adaptive advantages you get by mixing and matching and what you learn when you play that game is the potency of mixing the social engagement system with the rest of the body and that and that is that tells you something it says that yeah you can go immobile you can go and fight flight and it's all good it's all pleasureful it's all healthy if and only if yeah you keep those systems out of the fence and how do you do that you keep the social engagement system on board so it's a journey so remember the ideas came from literally a theoretical model they were informed by the clinic by listening to therapists and people asking me these questions and then we starting to figure it out and then also asking the next level question as a scientist are there experimental models to test those specifics right uh hypotheses and that we're gonna get to that too I want to definitely leave some time for that so it kind of seems to me like there's the primary States and really there's kind of an endless gradient of mixed days potentially because let's say appeasement is I don't know I'm just making this up I have no idea if this is grounded in reality but 80 percent uh safety is active and 20 are shut down completely making this up well what if it was 90 and 10 or 60 40 it might result in some others another way of looking at it is if you think of appeasement as recruiting all three states and now you're asking the important inputs from those three states you're really defining whether or not the nervous system is resilient because as the numbers get graded for the sympathetic mobilization or shutdown then appeasement doesn't work it's basically this shift out of it so they need it's the competency of the social engagement system that enables appeasement to be functionally adaptive totally makes sense yeah so what am I am I correct in understanding the mixed States as potentially I mean if we're gonna like name them like there could be an unending number of these things yeah so so I got into this um kind of like Email exchange this morning because I was with a person who was a Dance Movement therapist and she was basically saying uh uh her reading of my work was basically uh I would say not acknowledging uh dance moving therapy and I said well yeah I I do in terms of movement without fear right and and the social movement uh but she was seeing the world through this is really what I I would mind forget this final point across is if you see the world through the polyvagal lens you start understanding these other systems if you see the world through those those lenses like dance moving therapy you're not going to understand polyvagal Theory it's not it's not going to be but polyvagle Theory will give you a tool a perspective to understand what you were doing yeah it's really kind of like a paradigm isn't it yeah but but it's asymmetrical lens so it gives you Insight in One Direction and less insight and the other it's like our this gets into the new paper if you're a neuroanatomist is polyvanagal Theory going to give you insights into neural Anatomy not necessarily uh but uh with polybago Theory you can utilize features of of neuroanatomy to understand the mechanisms that you're studying yeah so for like dance therapy that's not uh or dance that's we could understand that in terms of play and co-regulation and safety I assume yeah exactly exactly and and especially you know a lot of people don't like to dance and you would ask them why don't you like to dance and of course they feel self-conscious they're telling you their body's in a state of a threat yeah right so how can you have mobilization without fear and dance if your body is locked into the state of threat or fight flight it's just not going to work so you start understanding so polyvagal theory is is helpful in explaining accessibility to these different circuits I really hope you're enjoying the discussion between Dr Portis and myself so far I want to take a quick break to tell you about my is stuck not broken Total Access membership with the Total Access membership you get Total Access to all of my trauma recovery courses and my private Community all of my courses in the Total Access membership are built from the ground up on the political Theory the first one is polyviginal 101 which teaches you pvt in very simple terms the second one is building safety anchors which helps you build the strength of your safety State and the third one is unstucking defensive states which teaches you how to actually feel and relieve your stuck defensive State I really want you to be able to live with more calm confidence and connection and yeah I want you to reduce your anxiety your numbness and your anger as well you can learn more about the Total Access membership through the link in the description alright enjoy the rest of my discussion with Dr porges okay so let's move on to another thing that's really I put a lot of wondering into and I this is the popularization of the poly vehicle theory is I asked you about this the first time we met actually uh a couple of years ago activating the vagus nerve what so so first off let me frame this this is not typically language that I see you using in your academic papers and I have looked I haven't scoured all of them but I've looked I've done a cursory glance at the least but in this new book it seems like you're endorsing this type of language or you answer oh oh let's start off by saying please Theory uh considers the Vegas as a conduit right it's a wire it is not a a organ with uh executive functions and when we talk about harnessing the Vegas or stimulating the Vegas attacking it packing it we really do reframe what we mean if in general the hacking of it or stimulating it is going up the sensory the afferent pathway so it's stimulating those foundational brain stem circuits so and that that support Health growth and restoration and the the literature is really getting quite strong on that that is the affair and signals are telling the brainstem you're doing well that's that's a good stuff the the issue though is you know people want to exercise their Vegas and these this becomes a hard terminology I use the term neural exercise primarily when I'm talking about the social engagement system uh which basically I mean you can even move into the uh area of yoga or pranayama yoga which is the basically the muscles of the face and head and the historic uh understanding that if you utilize those muscles you tend to feel better and people do that in terms of singing or listening or playing wind instruments or even playing the kazoo or humming so we find out that there are a lot of very I would say primitive or reflexive uh ways that we behave then have a true neurophysiological validity if you see it through the polyvagal lens so that makes complete sense and in your even in the book it's not a huge section but it's something that sticks out to me a lot because I spend a lot of time thinking about these kind of things there is a section on stimulating the Vegas and yeah it's made very clear that there's one topic of uh Bagel stimulators but that's that invasive surgical kind of thing yeah and there's a whole other category of what you just said which is you know social engagement and whatnot yeah but then there's a tick tock and Instagram stuff and this section kind of seems like it gives some Credence to people claiming that their biggest nerve is being stimulated well I see I go back and say actually I wrote a chapter uh that's coming out shortly on vagal nerve stimulation through the lens of the polyvacular theory and basically how you could do the auricular you could do the implant you can do a non-uh on the neck that's non-invasive but you really have to get to the whole understanding of the mechanisms of all forms of vaginal nerve stimulation they are functionally stimulating the afferents that lead to the brainstem errors regulating the vagus the neural exercises sociality is a neural exercise yeah and we tend to forget that and the intervention that I had developed the safe and sound protocol is functionally in acoustic Vehicles yeah the vocal porosity kind of range right yeah so that that makes and that's kind of how I've understood these things is that uh let's say someone says that they're doing this thing to hack their Bagel nerve to me I've understood it as some sort of sensory input is happening goes to the brainstem that tells them they're safe the brainstem sends it to the rest of their body yeah that's not about the bagel nerve exactly it's about the brain stem that really seems to get the center of all this okay so when even even when my good friends talk about like vessel the body keeps the score yeah but the body doesn't keep the score the brain stem so the issue is the body is this the brain stem has the surveillance circuits that sends these basically you have sensors to your body but the surveillance is being interpreted at the level of the brain stem and the vagal nerve stimulators are affecting that surveillance system the big ulnar oh the implanted Bagel nerve stimulators all of them all of them and even sociality are okay basically affecting the surveillance system it's basically Shifting the balance from negativity to positivity so so the the Vegas we have to think of it as this very large uh surveillance system of our internal organs and we just tend not to think that way we think of it as a uh especially with the popularization of vagal stimulation we think of it as an effort or motor system we forget that the fibers that we're talking about occupy about four percent of the total vagal fibers that are the efferents that are going to the heart and that's basically occupying most of the literature and those fibers are myelinated that's very rare uh the 80 percent are sensory and more of the motor fibers are unmyelinated and go to the visceral organs and not to the heart other than the heart so it helped me understand them and when it comes to the book it seems to it feels the way I read it is that the activating was stimulating the vagus nerve is being endorsed like yes these Tick-Tock people are onto something yeah you have to say Okay so let's scrape all of the philosoph is it doing any harm okay is it stimulating the Vegas is it is it when we use the word is it stimulating the Vegas is it producing uh the down a down system effects of common right yes is it supporting reduction of pain uh is it enhancing gut issues yes is it helpful in terms of even going Upstream in terms of psychological phenomena yes so the literature is actually coming out very nicely including like areas of PTSD uh the point of my concern had always been that people focused on the nerve without thinking about the circuit that's exactly yeah so we're kind of like gentle in this world um when I'm on podcasts and I've been on with people who want to hack the nervous system and I basically do this to them and the reason I do that is it's kind of like offensive to me because the body in fact we live in this world that if something is wrong we fix it by giving the body something whether it's a drug or implant the nervous system uh basically regulates meaning that it's a homeostatic system that needs input and it produces output and reads what that output is doing it's a dynamically adjusting system so if we start is as medicating the nervous system adjusts and then it doesn't work as well I I'm with this firm what I want to proliferate in thinking is the concept of neural exercise yeah and it's not a question a muscle tone it's a question of neural flexibility and adaptation I'm with you in that mission all right so the other thing with when it comes to this is let's say there's all these popular you know activating the vagal nerve things let's say there's a really popular one right now which is putting a frozen bag of peas on your chest and someone says this stimulating my biggest nerve and I was able to go to sleep so when it comes to stuff like this my question is let's just assume well there is there is a signal going to the brain stem but my question is what's the signal being sent down is it of safety or is it more of immobilization if when in the free in this framing potentially it's immobilization on that one right um the the question is once your body immobilizes it's going to start sending up other cues and what is your Narrative of those introceptive cues so this is an interesting thing and that is um and in the world of trauma it's extremely important to start talking this way that the interceptive feedback is the trigger for the people who have had experiences of trauma so we're a signal for you or for me assuming we haven't had much trauma is Ah that's kind of interesting to them is their their body goes because the interoception the bodily feelings are now linked with associations and those associations then trigger downflow and with the frozen peas you could be treating a dorsal and now you're getting immobilization but if you can get immobilization without fear you own a different part of your body yeah and for someone who's who's suffering from insomnia that might be the story of it in the experience of it might be better than yeah I haven't heard the uh frozen peas oh yeah yeah that's a big one that's a big one they call it a bagel nerve icing I hadn't heard of it and uh through the polyvagal Institute editorial board one of the assignments or whatever was was do we have any thoughts about this Bagel nerve icing and at first I thought are people putting icing on their skin like or some sort of cream but no it's ice that's the idea well the the Wim Hof uh has brought a lot of this uh cold water because those are isn't very primitive uh vagal reflexes they exist but they tend to be more linked to a dorsal response and and they had to do with survival and reduction of metabolic activity but as diving reflex is one of them as we're talking I'm starting to see that they could potentially Be Tamed through a cycle educational component and where it's really the study of One's Own interoception can now reframe The Narrative I would also assume that if you're learning these things with the expectation that they help that would probably help if you're doing these things in a group setting that would probably help so we can go back to one of the pranayama yoga techniques was literally to cut the tongue and then the tongue rolls back into the into your throat literally it gives you a gag reflex okay and that creates a bradycardia if you haven't basically you can't eat so there's a whole preparation they go through to do this and I met a yoga who told me he did this when he was in a car wreck and it basically to slow his heart rate up to reduce the uh the blood flow and to save his life which is very possible wow so the issue is when you gain some of these skills of regulating your body you might be able to might create greater flexibility but that's the same thing it's like saying to someone you know the gag reflex that we all really detest can could be um modified through yeah through uh through training and through associations and I'm not suggesting that people do this um but it's kind of like saying there's been these ancient traditions where people took these interceptive cues and said what can I do with them how what's the range that I can push my body out of this and well I mean that makes sense typically like you said many times shutdown serves uh full-on shutdown has a role it does have a survival function to it we don't want to maybe reduce the day-to-day but you know so over the decade once I started talking about shutdown I started to realize that for many people they they may have shut down once but the nervous system doesn't really want to go to that state so they're being what I view as adaptive modifications and I think freeze is one of those but then I also think dissociation is really the most remarkable one so we're freeze is also a very physiological response not this is high sympathetic tone High dorsal it's just not healthy to be in it but dissociation is literally protecting your nervous system it's really remarkable Adaptive One so I saw dissociation as This brilliant uh nervous system adaptation and I thought that maybe we should start I don't say we need to honor it in what it is doing absolutely as opposed to being afraid of it I completely agree when it comes to dissociative identity disorder extreme dissociation as I understand it but it's kind of served a function and help that individual to survive right yep let's move on to your new paper uh the timing of it was perfect because I had just written to you saying hey I have some questions about the current status of political Theory and you wrote that or you had it ready you sent it back to me like the time is perfect first off what does the newspaper do that others haven't for those that are more into the more academic stuff here okay if we go through the history of poly vagal Theory it was really I'm trying to figure out a problem this is the paper that shows you that Journey the papers were never written to say what are the basic principles Theory in fact those were extracted more in the in the therapy in the world of clinicians so in in this paper I try to come up with what are the basic principles of the theory as is to take the narrative back and say from a science perspective what has science led to where did this come from and so it really identifies the basic uh principles of it so that was the the first part well actually the real first real reason for writing the paper is that there are a lot of people who just don't understand the theory and tend to think they're experts in the theory and I found this really um you know as a scientist I'd like to have a degree of humility and that is I don't uh when I go into an area I read and I always think well I gotta be careful if I make the mistake I want to make sure that there's nothing Incorrect and in developing the theory I was extraordinarily careful in the literature and documenting things and go going back and making sure that it was consistent so there's a sense of inferential progression that led to what is the polyvacular theory but what happened I start to see people criticizing the theory based upon points that were never in the theory it just weren't there and tend to be adamant and start to write papers that said that there was no basis for the theory and and all they were doing was falsely stating things about the theory it was really kind of interesting you know you think that people who are established in a certain area would be respectful sufficiently respectful and read the papers to see if their statements were consistent or not but what happened was that there were basically very few but a couple of people who made really blatant mistakes in a way to Foster their own research I mean want to be blunt about it as they were trying to say they discovered something and and polyvacal Theory says that that couldn't be done polypical Theory never said anything like that and the issue was so I and actually this is very very hard for me as a human being to basically say I don't like I don't mind criticizing people's science but I don't like to go on a a offense we're saying people are are blatantly wrong but it was really quite remarkable for over about a 20-year period a couple people were repeatedly misrepresenting the theory and Publishing statements that were creating what is classically called a straw man argument and strawman arguments are really kind of brilliant in their sense that they say well uh if you make the false statement about someone's theory that you don't agree with that theory is now wrong so they make the false statement they say this isn't true well the theory never said that and I would agree with them that that's not true either but then they would go on and on with these things and it just didn't make any sense to me because it started getting into uh social media and uh basically a Corruption of Wikipedia I can't nothing on Wikipedia can actually describe polyvagal Theory because the same at least people are who have been criticizing have been seeding Wikipedia with the same false information and it's it's been very very unsettling uh the on the other side is uh I felt that there was a responsibility because my own view was that okay these people just don't know what they're talking about and certainly now this is the of the uh misunderstanding that I have I said certainly the community meaning the people who are you know using polyvacular Theory will literally defend themselves and articulate what's different what I hadn't realized is that the actual principles were too embedded in the theory for people to actually say you know what you're talking about has nothing to do with polygraphical Theory because they were too embedded and they were basically becoming different because they were looking at people's credentials who were writing the papers and what this paper does this paper also says that look uh Anatomy is important or physiology is important comparative normal Anatomy but they have their limitations in what they can tell you about polyvagal Theory and Anatomy is really remarkable because you can have wires literally neurotomical Pathways but you don't have a clue from Anatomy whether those pathways are doing anything and then from neurophysiology which is basically being done on anesthetized preparations you have no idea if those same circuits work the same way in a conscious organism so there are all these limitations and the one that really got to me I would say personally was this the fallacy that if you can find things in reptiles that appear to look like what you can see in mammals it disproves the theory but the whole interesting part was about the evolutionary aspect of the theory was that uh mammals by the time they evolved around 200 million years ago already had eventual vagal complex that enabled them to nurse and no reptile can still do that so regardless of and the reptiles we're looking at are younger than 100 million years I've been on a thing and even when I start to build the model I thought well what if I find a reptile that that hasn't changed much since the branching between the uh 100 reptiles and mammals came off the old extinct reptiles the problem is the molecular the fossil record doesn't give you a good ordering because it doesn't line up with the molecular time clock so in a sense comparative neural Anatomy which was a discipline which really got its uh basically is in place because it's supposed to give you hints about Evolution really can't line up its time clock so it can't give you the hints that it claimed it could so there's a lot of limitations of these other disciplines but embryology so I'm going to do what I learned as I started to build this paper embryology gives you kind of a mirror of how certain uh neural structures evolved within the history our phylogenetic history of of humans or of mammals you can actually see their their Anatomy changing with embryology and the interesting part is that there is a ventral migration and this is where the cardio inhibitory the vagal neurons this happens under embryology as well that's weird yes yes and that's why the pre-term baby was so and since serendipitously such a spectacular scientific preparation because the pre-term baby doesn't have the complete ventral migration doesn't have a ventral vehicle system working and those are the kids that had uh literally bradycardia it was still in process of that ventral migration and that created that vulnerability for the lethal bradycardium and the issue is you can actually see this developmentally in terms of looking for manifestations and heart rate patterns as your window to that Financial migration so as the neurons for cardio inhibitory neurons move ventrally they start when they get to the the area of the ventral vagal complex which is the neurons that control the muscles of the face and head we now have that heart brain uh relationship the face excuse me face heart relationship and that's sucking swallowing and breathing and vocalizing and the interesting part on that is that at that point when that system works you have these respiratory rhythms in heart rate and that becomes your window and this became another kind of uh criticism people said was that RSA that's RSA yeah and but that's a mammalian respiratory heart rate relationship and when the critics critics were saying well we see heart rate respiratory relationships in other vertebrates so the theory is wrong but you don't see it coming from the ventral Vegas because it's not functioning in those organisms but they then didn't understand why RSA was important RSA is important in polyvagle theory because it's an index of that Central Vegas you can see it working you can make your predictions of sociality your predictions of behavior of stress by watching this system so it's a portal and that was the important part it was in a sense respiratory science or vagal tone is not important to the theory but it's important to measure hypotheses that are generated by the theory and to me that was totally missed people miss these events well it seems like there's you covered a lot right a lot of this I wanted to ask you about but we'll try and uh hit a couple of these pieces here when it comes to critiques of the political Theory I've I've tried to read as much as I can there's the surface level of like people like me where you know we do the best we can to understand and you know share this information and there are people out there who try to do that through a critique lens but it always seems to go back to a couple of people graspberry same and same people yeah yeah so I don't see any other and they see like serious scientists to me and I don't hear you saying they're not it just seems like they don't fully understand it they don't understand it they don't understand it at all that's the the tragedy of it and uh they have their own issues with their research I'm not attacking their research I mean if you want me to put my my academic head on it I can do you haven't already yeah but that's that's not the point here there's no reason to attack their research the only reason to attack is to say listen you have you have an obligation as a scientist to be truthful in what you're reporting and if you think you've found something that is system with what I found you better know what I found or what I'm saying of course if you're saying something different you know it's it sounds especially to see people like me it sounds very convincing you know when they bring up lungfish I'm like oh well that seems pretty darn significant and I see your rebuttals to it and I'm like well that sounds like a great rebuttal but the reality is there's only so far I as a therapist yeah because if if you understood that that's not critical of you no no but the issue is who gives who literally cares about a lungfish and the fact that the lungfish has a respiratory Rhythm a very very slow and has a myelinated they go fiber what does that mean in terms of polyvagal theory yeah it does polyvideo theory make any statement about myelinated vehicle fibers from uh fish coming from the droso Vegas it's irrelevant it's not part of the theory you made it really clear in the newspaper just how home like the political Theory can get applied to many things like we talked about the mixtapes you know earlier but you're very specific when it comes to mammals humans and or as best I understand it but even more specifically the myelinated ventral Vegas which is you seems to be unique to mammals so if I got that wrong look you're very specific and then also how that relates to the Vegas and the big old Paradox so what's interesting in 2007 the two of those guys wrote a paper and it was an issue of which uh I had a major paper in fact the whole issue was probably was about a lot of things heart rate variable in bagel and I wrote it in a I was asked to write a commentary for the whole issue and I wrote a statement saying I had no idea where they were actually the quote is from uh I I basically wrote I said it's extremely perplexing because what they were saying had nothing to do with the polyvagal theory this is not what the theory said and I took a quote which is in this paper from the original 1995 paper which said you know it's all about the ventral Vegas and the myelin a fibers and yeah that's what it says don't make it into the argument for me was that this is just oblique to polyvacal Theory and if it's another theory let them State their Theory but it's not what polypical theory says and the interesting part is rather than ask me what I think they're starting to the papers were really telling me that I was wrong not they were not stayed as a disagreement or a misunderstanding or a debate they're basically saying things were were wrong yeah and there's basically no place and signs for that type of behavior you can do that by mistake but not repeatedly over multiple papers and in in that new paper it's only a sampling of their statements I just yeah right no no I know yeah I believe with the new paper you said that the intent was hey I'm going to share this as a it sounded like as a hypothesis yeah yeah in 1994 tell me what you think science Community you put it out there yeah well that's nothing was etched in stone I know I expected to be a lot of modifications the issue was the modifications are really been clarifications they haven't been modifications um it's like an interesting things were done very very carefully when I built the model so I got a couple other which I thought were interesting criticisms like what about the hypoglossal nerve you know for the Rhino regulates the tongue that's also a special viscary Fern you know so it should be part of the social engagement system so they're saying to me I left that out so it's not something the theory is wrong they say I left that out well I did it wasn't left out it just evolved differently so from our embryology I just took the cranial nerves that regulate the structures that come off the pharyngeal arch which were the ones that are the five cranial nerves that uh Define the social engagement system so the theory was true to the embryology and the phylogeny and the criticisms were I would say ignorant of that even though that's what these people's strengths were in so it wasn't I got you from their point on me it was why didn't you know this these are this is your area not really mine so it's been kind of an interesting view view of how you navigate through other people's disciplines and my view was I always navigate with great respect for people in other disciplines but the main point is when you go into other people's disciplines I'm not telling them about their theories their principles their practices I am taking information from their discipline to work in my defined area now they walked into mine without even accurately reading what I had stated so I find that you know just not not comfortable of course yeah you take seems like great care to show as far as literature review like I'm not maybe you're not saying the way I understand it is you're saying you know I'm not an expert in this this and this but I can do a deep dive in literature yeah and then it seems like sort of using that like there's like there's pillars to the theory literature review um evolution yeah like oh then your research as well so like there's things that are it's not just you're saying hey this is my guess yeah there's colors this is standing on it's not a theory in the way that people come up with a hypothesis yeah it's not the guess it's derived and so from the very beginning I said when people brought up criticisms I said read the literature I can extract argue with me about my interpretation of the literature don't say I'm wrong say that my interpretations are are wrong never there's never been a article anywhere that said I misinterpret the literature so the issue again in this paper I've been very careful about what I'm presenting and in the new paper what I found really uh on this journey was this notion or I would say reframing dorsal Vegas and getting newer information on that and that there is uh dorsal Vegas actually affects blood pressure and contractility and that you can have in the course we already know within the world of trauma and mental health that George Vegas affects digestion I mean that's really comes out but the issue is that it also can reduce blood pressure enough that can produce syncope by reducing the contractility of the heart so there's not just cardio inhibit excuse me chronotropic meaning rate there's what's called ionotropic which is contractility so the Vegas does two things it affects rate but it all also affects contractility and you start seeing again the Dynamics of a system that it wants to mobilize it takes those breaks off if it wants to go quiescent wow it does these other things couple more Concepts I want to make sure we squeeze in all other kind of big ones so we'll see what happens something new I haven't seen you talk about before is vagal efficiency oh oh this is okay so okay you're gonna go for a ride Justin because you're seeing the future the future spit it out now and then I'll probably I'll process it later because I don't I probably might not be able to get it right okay so the concept of vagal tone and vagal break it's all peripheral and when we're talking about neural exercises we're talking about brain stem vehicle efficiency is a measure of that brain stems functioning by looking at heart rate and and basically respiratory science rhythmia indices or vagal activity when you have an efficient vehicle break if you take it off your heart rate goes up if you put it back on it goes down so the regression line between the heart rate and the amplitude of RSA should be linear but guess what in typically normal healthy people it's very linear but now let's do a little mix let's talk about people like left Troy histories not so tightly coupled let's talk about people who have features of what's called this autonomia or basically problems with the autonomic nervous system uh a sample of individuals with ehlers-danlos syndrome a sample of a population with cyclic vomiting these are basically uh uh from a from a collaborator in a gastroenterology clinic the issue is they're basically dissociated so what you're seeing is the vagal efficiency uh is really a mark of this autonomia and I think this is really going to be the future what I don't know is whether it can be rehabilitated you see that's the question that I don't know uh but there's there's also what do you mean that that seems important to me what do you mean I don't know if it could be rehabilitated like the The Bagel like if it can improve is that what you're saying no no no whether you if you have okay let's start with this we were doing a study on kids with gut problems and they were getting auricular vagal nerve stimulation and I asked the question who are the subjects okay so I wanted to know and I want to know the individual differences I want you to know who was benefiting interestingly if they had a decoupled vagal efficiency no vagal efficiency virtually at all the vagal stimulation worked now what that meant was that there was no endogenous competing feedback loop you're gonna have to break this down in simpler terms okay basically the stimulation of reducing pain was getting into the vagal system as long as the vagal system had no organization itself it was already organizing it would be fighting with it and so this year I lost you the the bond the bottom line okay okay the issue is thinking about a prosthesis and the vagal nerve stimulator functions as a prosthesis to uh turn off the pain but if the vehicle system is still functioning but not efficiently it gets in the way it's a confusing signal to that brain stem of of to it can interpret it and so what I'm trying to figure out is whether we can use neural exercises whether it's like the safe and sound protocol yeah or whatever I can figure out yeah to will that enhance uh this metric but the metric is extremely important because it's telling you about that brain stem circuit you can use neural blockades you can take drugs and knock out vagal tone but it doesn't affect that vagal circuit because the vagal tones peripheral the brain stem circuit is telling you I get information from my sensory afferents what's it going to do with it if it reliably changes heart rate then I have a tightly coupled efficient system if it doesn't you know things may may on average look good but they're not really well regulated the the part that we have to start uh in a more uh let's say phenomological behavioral world we would use the word contingent is the behavior contingent so the issue is is heart rate contingent on this heart rate pattern or this vagal tone influence if it's contingent you have vagal efficiency if it lacks contingency it's disorganized it's chaotic what does that have to do with therapy or just day-to-day living okay so we're drama recovered okay polyvagal Theory basically says the body in a state of threat gets manifested on all levels and so it's your mental you're physiological behavioral you know everything gets messed up now the question is uh is this a state or is it locked into the nervous system polyovagal has always taken this optimistic Viewpoint that we can manipulate or stay can be manipulated and more optimistic outcomes come out what vagal efficiency tells us is that in part of a part of that state dysfunction is is actually manifested in the regulation at the level of the brain stem it is a atypical brain stem regulation and what I don't know is the flexibility of that that's what I don't know and that's that's going to be the future so in the world that you you are in with people who are uh therapists or interested in polyvagal theory if they're looking at uh they see the theory and they're seeing the symptom clusters in individuals patients and even in themselves they're seeing what used to be called psychosomatic or uh they're now seeing more in terms with a functional medicine model that these are functional changes that are occurring and they tend to all or many of them reflect dysfunction of the autonomic nervous system and primarily dysfunction of the vagal regulation so the question is we have a marker but what can you do with that marker the marker tells you that there's going to be vulnerabilities but we want to optimize the individual so I am really thinking about how can I build model well first of all I'm going to try to test whether or not this can change so is Bagel efficiency the markers that you're talking about yes it almost sounds like if one could measure vagal efficiency sorry if I'm saying that wrong but there might be actually some predictive kind of quality to it there's tremendous predictive quality to it because when we look at it in if we take individuals in a gastroenterology clinic and look at it we can identify the individuals who have certain other clinical disorders this has clinical disorders of one would say uh dysautonomia and not just gut pain so we're seeing a more systemic neural uh dysfunction and the part that I find really remarkable is you can take a looking even at college students and looking at this metric of those who have some trauma history not necessarily severe versus those that don't you get separation of the distributions if you look at individuals who have this cyclic vomiting nausea chronically they are distinct but they look like in a sense many of the it does have specificity because medical diagnosis functionally are more Global than than you're led to believe so that uh there's a a disorder it's a collagen disorder called ehlers-danlos syndrome it's hypermobility syndrome is the subtype that we're talking about the issue with that becomes interesting in the world of psychology and mental health is because the individuals suffer from tremendous amount of anxiety they have chronic pain uh but very few studies on autonomics and we start doing those and we found out that we could identify them with like an 80 confidence uh in a distribution of kids coming into uh basically a gut pain clinic based on vagal efficiency wow so and actually this was picked up in the major gastroenterology Journal of where they wrote an editorial on what they called the vagal hypothesis as kind of like the future in that area yeah okay absolutely let's go back to the polavagal theory versus political hypothesis so people are saying it's not science that seems ridiculous to me uh what What's your response to like science should have testable hypotheses right it should be falsifiable it should it should be able to make guesses or as to what should happen and it also should be able to incorporate past knowledge I would assume into the theory so what do you have to say about as far as political theory is being a hypothesis or a actual scientific theory every okay so there was an interesting paper first of all in the new paper I discussed the fact that the impact of the theory is greatly underestimated because it can explain many hypotheses and many studies that have already been published and there was a paper recently published that's cited in that paper on literally mindfulness and autonomic responses uh which basically does a meta-analysis through the lens of the polyvacular theory to explain the effect although virtually every paper that's included in the meta-analysis didn't even acknowledge that the other part that is extraordinarily interesting to me is that like even one of the major critics Paul Grossman all his research on heart rate variability can be explained by polyvagal Theory and so it's not like it's out there and it's irrelevant it's it leads to testable hypothesis and in this paper so it will have it has explanatory power you can apply this to other people's work yeah and say I can explain this yeah but the the beauty of it is all you need to do is look at Google's scholar and you start seeing that it's been cited I don't know 20 000 times and in those papers what are they using it for not to criticize it but to use it to explain their findings to using it as support and so it's there and it's structured to set up certain hypotheses like even the bit with the vagal efficiency that's leading to specific hypotheses yeah uh changes in vagal tone have been around this is like 50 years whether we talk about this heart rate variability or respiratory science really or vagal tone or the vagal break those hypotheses have been around and tested and reliable uh phenomena the so this is this is just ridiculous about it um I did make the statement that that the theory wasn't uh the theory from my perspective was to throw out the people to provide a different way of seeing things and to structure certain testable hypotheses it wasn't like it was it was there and you know like you know you have to believe it it's like it's there argue with it find alternative hypotheses do different explanations the uh it seems like ultimately it comes down to hey look we have this issue that they go Paradox this doesn't make sense here's my answer here's my you know that's why I broke the paper that's why it's titled that way no and the issue is in that paper I also talked about the heuristic value of the studying of the preterm because there can be no ambiguity in testing and say the polyvacal hypothesis there of about the two different vagal uh sources because in the preterm the ventral vagus just isn't there so you can see it there and then I had data in there I talk about a rat study where we could see it developmentally because rats are born pretty prenatally uh in terms of vagal regulation let's say they're born prenatally they're born with an immature vagal system you can see it developing day by day and so the studies are there that test these hypotheses you have to read the theory you have to know what the theory is stating you have to read the supporting literature if you don't want to read the supporting living dream don't want to read the theory and you can say anything you want and someone's going to believe you and it sounds believable it does yeah it does to you it doesn't to me okay so it's like how people present cases how they present it um you have to say where's the evidence uh that you're arguing with what is like the lungfish the point was he's the guy found a myelinated vehicle fiber in a lung fish coming from the drosso Vegas so what did it appear in in amphibia or reptiles that occurred later no so it's a dead end in the phylogenetic evolutionary tree so how does that have anything to do with polyvagal Theory it doesn't have anything even to do with Evolution unless you think evolution is linear right and it's not and it changes and it reinvents itself it there's just an amazing bit so like going back on one of the critics criticisms um I did a study on reptiles because I was very curious about these respiratory rhythms and the critics said well I fatal flaws there are no fatal flaws in the paper the issue is uh basically there was no heart rate uh when we use when we blocked the vagal system in the reptile it had no effect on its heart rate variability so the context the the the basically the the statement about these other respiratory rhythms and reptiles they may be there but they're not doesn't mean that they are universally regulated through the Vegas anyway enough of that more positive things the theory has great explanatory value and to interesting questions absolutely yeah I I'd like to share one other one and that was when I got the criticism which is almost hilarious was a criticism that reptiles are social and you one can say oh they do have social behavior but it all depends on how you define social behavior right and social behavior to any one of us humans is about our interactions with each other uh and and which has a lot to do with facial expressivity vocalization gesture and proximity reptiles have some type of social behavior but it's not mammalian social behavior so you have to understand where the theory lives it lives in a certain domain and it is not a domain of reptilian social behavior if someone wanted to falsify the political Theory what would that look like it it you can't falsify it in the way that you're thinking okay you can because the literature because of its explanatory value and I'd say I would say Decades of data that can be explained the part that I find uh more okay so there are hypotheses that would be generated like the fact that the ability to document bradycardian humans under uh shutdown it's it's a hard experiment to conduct that's why the preterm baby is the closest I could get to it and bradycardies and babies but that doesn't disprove it but what I started to realize as I wrote this last paper is you might not have a dorsal vehicle uh heart rate bradycardia and everyone it just may not be there okay in the mature adult or the mature individual however you do have diversal vehicle defense reactions in all of them and they may come up in terms of uh contractility and blood pressure and the the literature was showing as well as gut problems the literature in other mammals was showing that animals of prey small animals tend to freeze and immobilize and have literally bradycardia sometimes drop dead on their so-called fright while animals of prey will have dorsal vagal contractility changes but not heart rate changes now that becomes extraordinarily interesting in terms of niches of where animals fall balance to all mammals we're talking about fall in terms of these mechanisms so I think there's a lot of flexibility in understanding the true autonomic signature of immobilized defense in humans and I'm because it's too hard to set that that Paradigm uh one final question for fun I talked with so I have this uh in my mind I've always had this poly legal Trinity which is yourself and Deb Dana and uh Peter Levine and I think of the Justice League Trinity or the DC Trinity which is Batman Superman and Wonder Woman which of the three are you Deb Dana already picked one I'm curious what you would pick who were you out of those three that's a tough one oh so it's well it's pretty amazing Superman or a Wonder Woman no I'm not Wonder Woman I got that one yeah um but I think Peter and I would both feel that we are from another you know I would say from another planet or from uh individuals who uh uh whose biological parents may not have been their real parents yeah okay it's because because of our our P have you asked Peter this question I've never met with him I see I would love to meet with him I haven't done that yet yeah I I don't again I think Batman has an edge he's trying to right the wrong I don't really have that edge I don't think Peter has that edge so I I think uh if you come into the world with a different lens and you try to navigate in that world I think you know the Superman metaphor is if it's more comfortably but it's also a large responsibility once you take that that image so I'm not really happy taking it so I would say you're the more Batman uh Peter's obviously brilliant but the more academic intellectual I would I would lean toward Batman I would see Peter Morris Superman he's out there I mean Batman's out in the field too but Superman's out there you know doing the direct kind of work is being I see it so I would I'm gonna classify you guys in the in that so that that's the way it is I'm sorry I'll take it it's okay all right this has been challenging and delightful I hope you had a good time and thank you so much for for doing this oh you're quite welcome and good to see you again thank you hey thank you so much for listening this entire way through this is a very long discussion and it wasn't all super easy I know I struggled with a pretty good chunk of it on in all honesty especially the bagel efficiency I think there's a lot there that I need to keep coming back to I Really still am kind of struggling with the whole new mixtape thing my I have some questions there still and I'm going to address those in the future episode although I'm super glad that I got some clarification on the whole stimulating the vagus nerve that has never felt right to me that kind of language and it's seems to really not be in the spirit of pvt and really what we can glean from it which is not hacks and stimulation of the vagal nerve that's not what we should be doing here in my opinion so it was good really good for me at least to get some clarification on that and how I'm talking about this stuff if you want a deepen your understanding of the political Theory I do have a Nifty gifty for you a freebie when you sign up for my email list I will send you a copy of my ebook trauma and the polyvigal Paradigm you get a deep dive into what the pvt is and learn how it directly connects to trauma so again a link in the description when you sign up for my email list I will send you trauma and the political Paradigm my ebook otherwise fellow stuck nut I really hope you've enjoyed this conversation between Dr Porter tonight I hope this episode has been a wonderful resource for you in learning about and applying the polyvacle theory bye well I I appreciate you I was nervous about sending you that email saying hey here's the questions I want to ask I was nervous about it I think for me it feels I don't feel like I'm challenging but I feel like hey I have some questions like some real you know I'm not not skepticism exactly but I have questions about this stuff where you know where are you at with in this process I take it really seriously I want to do the best I can to you know I talk about it a lot and so it's extremely important to me that I represent your work accurately and then translate it for more General audience it's extremely important now that I'm on the editorial board it's even more important so you know as I'm reading this stuff it's like I'm asking myself do I have a deep enough knowledge and as a therapist there's only so far I can go but yeah you know do I have a deep enough knowledge to reply to people that are writing to PBI asking for feedback so yeah you know I was nervous you know putting that out there saying hey I have questions about this stuff I'm I'm open for anything you want to ask me seems like you are yeah right yeah and then your response was hey here's a new paper boom this is going to answer actually address a lot of my questions okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @never-far-from-paint [5 likes]: What an amazing family! I bet your dinner conversations are phenomenal.
  2. @davidestabrook5367 [4 likes]: This was a super interesting talk. Especially the link between vagus tone and EDS and cyclic vomitting.

The only thing that helps cyclic vomiting is hot showers, which would affect the vagus nerve. Also stopping cannabis, particularly cannabis that was treated with pest repellents containing Neem oil.

My interest in poly vagal theory is because I have depression. And often when my depression ends, I'd get super angry. So that sounds like moving up from shut-down into fight or flight. I've been finding your videos, useful, with helpful tips as well as being informative. Thank you 😊
  3. @claresmith9261 [2 likes]: Thanks 🙏 for this wonderful interview as I love listening to this man 👍🏻
  4. @sanatanadas7196 [1 likes]: flop, safety through diengagemeant eg the hermit...this is to go along with fight flight,freeze, flop ,faun safety thriugh engagemeant or disengagemeant  eg ..ive had enough shut the door swich the world off etc..ive done it.
         Also from internal threat to close off ,eg voices may try to turn externals against u..eg other people even though the threat is comeing from inside eg the voices etc..(although thats questionable  are they internal or external entities or projections from others)..any ideas let me know please..speaking from my experience..om shanti
  5. @philipholding [1 likes]: 'MIXED STATE'. Well it looks to me like that term takes all into account. To me, a universal catch-all term. I think I could create a psychological  conceptualisation for flag, collapse, cringe, cower, divert,distract,dissonance, active realighnment  curved retrospective imaging. etc.
Anymore?. As the man states, "you could play with it'. Mmm
  6. @noellecuisine8912 [1 likes]: Had a great time! Thanks 🙏🏻 for this amazing talk !
  7. @smokeybear1212 [1 likes]: Can you explain more about what he was saying about hypermobile EDS? 
I have a mild version of it and  understand  some degree of dysautonimia goes along with it and it.  I missed what his point was.
  8. @don-eb3fj [1 likes]: Thanks Justin for this interview and the opportunity to hear Dr. Porges' perspectives unfiltered , directly from the horse's mouth rather than some of the other orifices out there giving incomplete and erroneous predigested unintelligible interpretations. Some of it's a bit over my non-academic head, and like yourself in the interview I'm a bit unclear on exactly how some aspects of his research apply in practice, but I want to learn more.
    I'm only just beginning to explore PVT , but I can already see how it might provide a physiologically-correlated axis to help reconcile many different perspectives and areas of study relating to trauma, psychology, and the human condition. The primary and blended states of the sympathetic and vagal systems can almost be expressed in boolean algebraic logic that explains the "how" and "why" of phenomena that have been observed and described through various belief systems for millennia.
   I'm particularly interested in the possible relationship between dorsal shutdown and other similar or blended states and personality adaptations such as Depressive, Avoidant, and Schizoid (notice I do not use the DSM/ICD stigma labels or "clusterf*ck" categories, as I prefer the non-fictional approach of psychoanalysis and pdm2 over medication and insurance-billing references). I am on the schizoid/avoidant (and possibly autism) spectrum and have recently begun to vocalize some of my observations about the currently inadequate standards of research, education, and care in the psychology profession and online community as it relates to the more pervasive psychological conditions, and would appreciate your thoughts and interpretations through the Polyvagal lens as a practitioner. I think this could make for a very informative video (series?) , and perhaps you've already addressed it in other content I haven't viewed yet. I just found your channel last night and subscribed, and am looking forward to your insights. Thanks for what you do, it helps promote a much-needed paradigm shift.
  9. @heath3546 [1 likes]: Really fantastic interview, one of the best with Stephen.  His theory is like Einstein’s theory of relativity. It discovered black holes and much more.  Same with polyvegal.  I would add that  i believe the Vegas nerve . is an intelligence that can be trained or tamed. Michael Levins work on cell intelligence I think will intersect with this at some point.    Exciting times.  Masterful response by Stephen to his critics.  

They are left. Hemisphere dominated minds , that are not connected to their hearts , because they would see how valuable and helpful this is.   Instead, they play logic games with information.  A return to Sophistry
  10. @BarnysCrapKeller [1 likes]: So is the theory a paradigm or scientificly proven? Either way it would have its use, i just came in touch with it and really, it is hard to distiguish early on a least
  11. @ItsaSecret3691 [1 likes]: Let Dr. P talk.
  12. @JustinLMFT: I made something. The Stuck Not Broken app builds you a self-regulation practice from your own check-ins and shows you your before-and-after — no streaks, no AI voices, nothing designed to keep you hooked. You can try a practice right now, free, no account or card: https://www.stucknotbroken.com/app?src=youtube&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=evergreen&utm_campaign=app_evergreen
  13. @JustinLMFT: I hope you enjoyed this conversation with Dr. Porges and I as much as I did! Share what you learned in the comments if you don't mind. 💬

If you're looking for a free, all-in-one resource to learn about the Polyvagal Theory, I've created "Your Next Steps" just for you. You can find it here, in the Unstucking Academy free student tier - https://www.stucknotbroken.com/join?invitation_token=25c72b8c15987838a4a6bcc54b1bd652d520420c-d23357d7-4381-4003-be61-c1f4f0bb538d
  14. @IsraBalla-z5m: Class action park
  15. @Asclethius: Oh man…your advert came in at a point that traumatised me…I know you didn’t mean to do that but oh boy…wow that hurt 😞…Sry love this talk
  16. @bitofwizdomb7266: Does ployvagal theory have anything to say about attachment theory in regards to laying down neural pathways in limbic system during early infancy ? At such a young vulnerable age, obviously unable to conceptualize, an infant begins to internalize basic notions or a sense of  of safety/security, reliability and trust in caretaker . When their cues to soothe discomfort are not met perhaps their limbic system begins to lay down pathways that make an infant prone to anxieties relating to perceived threats to their safety and trust subconsciously such that the anxiety rears its head later on in yrs as an adult in relationships with others, especially close ones ?
  17. @JMentis: 36:40 Khecarī mudrā.
  18. @thepandainterviews475: Just curious, when did dissociation become the same as dissociative identity disorder? A person can dissociate from a dangerous or uncomfortable situation but it doesn’t mean another personality takes over their consciousness. I wonder how many people are left with the impression now that these two states are the same thing? No. They are not. D.I.D. Has a set of symptoms to diagnose a disorder that impacts someone’s life and is in no way remotely the same zoning out in a particular situation or not making a connection between two conflicting ideas a person is holding.
  19. @susydyson1750: Avery good talk until it went off on the crfiticism thank Gid Braun sten function got us all back on track
  20. @Daimo83: 1:13:00 "You can't falsify it" 

Personally that doesn't bother me, but it does mean by definition that it's on par with Psychoanalysis - pseudoscience at best. I think starting with the nervous system is an intuitive way to look at psychology, but I haven't been convinced that PVT is anything other than conjecture.

- When Trauma Therapy Doesn't Work | Polyvagal Theory is In "Untenable" | Find the Best Trauma Therapy: Kind: captions Language: en Since the topics addressed constitute fundamental premises of the PVT, we conclude that PVT is untenable because it is not defensible based on existing neurohysiological and evolutionary evidence. That's funny. That's funny. The way they wrote that, that's funny. Like, you got to give them credit. I'm about to piss on people off. And I'm okay with that. Really, I am. I'm making this video because I was scrolling through Facebook, as one does, and I came across a comment in one of the therapist communities I'm a member of, and someone wrote, "How's everyone doing with the Polyvagel critique?" Context added the most recent publication where 39 international researchers who studied the Vegas nerve in related areas came together to publish a critique about polyit vagel being untenable. What I didn't know about this was immediately interested. Now to give you a little context my name is Cassie McCarthy. I am a therapist that specializes in trauma and PTSD. I use an evidence-based practice called cognitive processing therapy or CPT. CPT is very well researched. It's considered the gold standard for trauma therapy because it's an evidence-based practice, which means it's been studied over and over and over again, and it has a ton of proof that it works. And I can be a snob about trauma therapy because I really want people to get the help they need. But there are therapies out there that are claiming to do trauma work that aren't researched and have no proof supporting their efficacy and they're trying to get people to come in for therapy with them. And I just think it's wild. Like how can you provide therapy that has no research supporting it? And over the years, I have seen a lot of other therapists who are doing things like pelle vagal theory try to poo on the evidence-based practices. And I never understood why other than you might be feeling a bit insecure that your theory, it's a theory, not a therapy. First of all, your theory doesn't have any backing. So naturally, I went, hm, what's going on here? And so I read through the comments and let's look at a few of them, shall we? I haven't seen the critique, but I feel really curious about two takedown articles so close together about two kinds of nontraditional therapies. Could be conspiracy theorying too much, though. What are you talking about conspir? What con? Who is conspiring? [laughter] The those that may be conspiring are not conspiring about mental health therapies. They don't give a about mental health. They're conspiring about world politics and macroeconomics. They're not bothering themselves with the field of mental health. They don't care about us. Oh goodness. Please provide more context. The woman wrote in her original post led by Grossman, published in February 226. Please Google it. I'm short on time. Why would you ask her to elaborate? She already told us she's short on time. She's at the boundary. Is there anything substantly new in this criticism besides him declaring it untenimal? Or is it Grossman continuing to beat his drum? So time out. Does this mean that you already knew people were saying this therapy or theory I should say isn't providing value to the field and you persisted with it anyway? That's odd. Someone replied, "Oh, and they said no. Lol." What? What do you mean there's no new information in this? It was published in a peer-reviewed journal. Peer-reviewed journals are only publishing new information. That's weird. Okay, let's read a little bit more. I've seen it's long time and I it's probably just a typo that they have and I agree it's probably an oversimplified explanation and it gives good language to people. Okay, I kind of like what this person's saying. I agree that when you're doing trauma therapy with clients, you need to be able to explain what you're doing to your clients and having a way to explain it that makes it understandable is really important. And I see what people are saying that polyagal theory gave a language to people. The problem with that is that polyagal theory gave an incorrect language to people. I think it is our duty to use science and evidence-based practice with our clients to give them a language that is empirically validated. So yes, clients need language, but let's give them accuracy with it. Oh goodness. This person reads one two three four five paragraphs a five paragraph essay in the comments starting with the statement I've not had a chance to read the latest critique. If you haven't had a chance to read the latest critique how do you have five paragraphs of response to it. I don't I don't understand that. I'm not going to read that. If you're not going to read it, I'm not read if you're not reading the article. I'm not reading it. So maybe we should pause here and let's let's take a look at the article, shall we? So I had a chance to glance over this a little bit and uh and I thought it was really interesting to see this article published in a peerreview journal called clinical neurossychology published February 2026. So it's very recent. If you're not in academia, the kind of standard is we like to see things published within the last 5 years and it should be published from a peer-reviewed journal. meaning other people read the research and the data, looked at all the information, looked at the numbers and said, "Yeah, what you're saying is true." So why the poly vagal theory is untenable? I mean, that's a that's a bold way to to start like you're coming out swinging, you know, guns out, shots fired right from the jump. I'm here for it. An international expert evaluation of the polyagal theory and commentary upon pores polyagal theory current status clinical applications and future directions. Let's let's read the abstract together. 39 highly acknowledged experts in the areas of physiology and the evolution of the Vegas nerve of vertebrae social behavior. Many whose works have been cited in polyagal theory literature as supporting the theory were invited by the first auth first author to participate as co-authors in this article. Okay. So poly vagal theory pulled from all of these pieces of science and so the authors of those pieces of science had pulled from were contacted and said hey do you have thoughts on what poly bagel theory is saying I love that they were asked to evaluate the pvt and comment upon an overview of the theory written by its author okay cool so hey guys this dude has been citing you do you want to respond to what he is saying about your work. All those invited, save for one, accepted and co-authored the paper. It's pretty good. You know, 38 out of 39 people said, "Yeah, I want to respond to what this guy is saying." The dissenting scholar was unfamiliar with the PBT. And they put that in quotes. Meaning, this guy was like or girl was like, "I don't know what PBT is. Leave me out of this." So PBT is referencing them and they're like, "I don't know. I don't know anything about that. Leave me out of this." This article specifically appraises based upon the current state of knowledge of autonomic function and vertebrae evolution several major elements of the PVT as described in Forges and elsewhere. These include one the validity of PVT assumptions that respiratory sinus arhythmia is a direct measure of the extent of the central veagal nerve to the heart. I always thought that was like a weird like a weird assumption Pvt was making and I was always like I I think this is weird and you don't have any research showing that PVT works. So I I was just very doubtful of everything Pvt said because Pvt couldn't back up what it was saying. Like why aren't you running clinical trials? if you're so great, why aren't you getting grants and demonstrating how great you are? But they didn't. And if they did and never got through to be published, so then even if they ran the trials, I don't know if they did or didn't, but if they did run the trials, no journal picked it up to say this is valid. And getting published one time, I want to say, does not make you an evidence-based practice. Evidence-based requires that you've been studied numerous times and that your samples are large enough and generalizable to the greater public so that it can de can be disseminated on large scale. But anyway, [snorts] two PBT characterizations regarding the neuroanatomy and functions of two major brain cell veagal nuclei. The vententral citrill situated nucleus ambiguous and the dorsal motor nuculus of the veer. Okay. So basically one and two is like you guys made these assertations about physiology and neurobiology. PBT asserts regard assertations regarding the evolution of the Vegas nerve and how it came to be. Pvt claims about the specificity of mamian social behavior in rel relation to nonmalian vertebaries. Yeah. So like PVT would make all these claims that there were these connections between different animal species. I guess I haven't deeply studied it because I'm not studying something that has no merit. And five, PVT interpretations of early seminal physiological literature. Okay, so that's the piece that's interesting to me that part of what it was is how PVT interpreted literature. So basically Pvt went out and studied some literature and then interpreted it through their lens and created polyagal theory. And now people are who did the original research have responded to how their research was interpreted through poly vagal theory. All co-authors agree that major tenants of the PVT are not supported by past or current knowledge and in several instances are inconsistent with the broader evidence base. Since the topics addressed constitute fundamental premises of the PVT, we conclude that PVT is untenable because it is not defensible based on existing evidence. That's funny. [laughter] That That's funny. The way they wrote that, that's funny. Like, I got to give them credit. And let's be clear for a minute. The fact that they went out and they did all of this work to debunk poly bagel theory is hilarious. Writing a article like this took them well over a year. It was it required the coordination of at least 38 scholars plus the other authors of this paper. So that's a huge amount of coordination that was required to do this and a ton of effort. This is this is the academic equivalent of when 50 Cent did a six-part docue series taking down P. Diddy. This is the academic equivalent of that. The physiological evidence composing the substructure of the PBT are primarily derived from earlier psychological literature and are neither clarified nor strengthened by PBT constructs that lack evidence. So basically PVT you took other people's knowledge you misinterpreted it and then you tried to build on your misinterpretations. Nope. Nope. This article does not intend to address the alternative explanations about relations between vehicle functioning and psychological processes. Although such explanations do exist. So basically poly bagel, what you tried to do, other people are trying to do. We're not going to talk about what those other people are doing. We're just talking about what you were doing. You read information, you misinterpreted it, you built on it, and then you disseminated it. And there's nothing credible about what you're saying. And this article just dismantles it and dismantles them. And I highly encourage you read it for yourself. I will attach it below in the the description of this. I would love to hear people's thoughts on it. Personally, me, I think it's high time that we actually hold therapists accountable for the therapy they're doing. If you're not doing an evidence-based practice, what are you doing with your clients? Your clients deserve a high level of care. We're healthc care providers. Mental health is health. We're healthcare providers. And we need to provide services that are researched and validated and supportive and effective. It's our ethical duty. So let's go back and see what other people were saying in this thread. I'm open to changing my view should relevant data be presented, but mind and my clients lived experiences at PVT and IVS teach clients how to intuitit their inner experiences in a way that they do not have language for. Okay, I'm glad that you're going to be open-minded. I'm glad. But there are other and better therapies that are more effective that are actually effective that do the same thing. All the evidence-based practices help your clients understand their emotions and better manage them. There is cognitive processing therapy, which is what I do. There's prolonged exposure therapy. There's EMDR. There's written exposure. These are evidence-based practices that are available and work very effectively. Why aren't you using them? From what I've seen so far, there have been critiques about the men, Schwarz especially, and the neuroscience of the theory. But in Gorge's response, he seems to be saying they've misinterpreted PVT based on an inaccurate representation of it. But they cited him. Also, Pvt is a working theory. In my mind, by definition, it's going to continue to evolve, and we need rigorous debate and good data for that to happen. I agree. We need good data. Where is your data? Where is your data? Let's have it. Let's see it. You don't got it. All of that aside, I worked with a client today using PBT to explain and do an exercise in remembering and mapping nervous system states, and they loved the attunement they had with their body. Great. You can do that using evidence-based practice. At this point, I don't have evidence enough to do anything different in my practice around PBT or IFS. Read the article. They have been a great blend with my ACT, ERP work, and brain spotting. ACT and brain spotting are also not evidence-based practices. ERP is for OCD, not for trauma and P PTSD. So, keep doing ERP with your OCD clients, but act and brain spotting, not evidence-based. Why are you doing things that aren't researched and validating? If my clients are better understanding themselves, learning and growing, then I'm going to use techniques that align with their needs and perspectives and do that work and do what works for them. I agree. Use evidence-based practice. use evidence based for everything that people say that PVT does, which is help people understand how their body is responding to trauma and trauma cues, be able to recognize that they don't need to use that response anymore and develop a new response. Right? That's what people claim PVT does. That is literally called an ABC in the world of cognitive processing therapy. We do that in module 2. There were 12 modules in CPT. So, you're telling me where you end up with your clients is where we begin. And we have a lot of work we do after that to help people actually truly recover with the numbers to prove it in long-term research to show that it is a permanent state of recovery. What research you got? What What do you guys got? You guys don't have anything. Are there links? Please. The person already said Google it. Why are you wh why why are we talking about here? Article of context. So many people are saying, "Do you have a link?" She said, "Google it." She doesn't have time to link it for you. I think it's like any theory. When we stick to a protocol base, it's not going to encompass the needs of our clients. That might be true for a theory. I don't know. I don't follow from a theory. Cognitive processing therapy is a therapy because it's been proven effective. And it is a protocol-based approach because we know what works. And the research shows if you deviate from the protocol, you're going to actually reduce its efficacy. So you want to follow the protocol. It doesn't mean there isn't a natural like each therapist brings into the room and that it's not independently and individually tailored to the client. Of course it is. Of course it is. But the steps, the techniques, the interventions, we know what works and so we use them. [clears throat] I think you guys get the gist of it here. It's a lot of the same thing going on here. But I am really adamant that it's important to use therapies that have been researched and proven effective with clients. Yeah, there's going to be a time for clinical trials, but you use clinical trials when there isn't other evidence-based research that has been effective with you or your loved one. That's when you go to a clinical trial. We start with the evidence-based practice. And I think therapists have a duty to use evidence-based care in their practice. So that's my spiel of the day. I would love to hear what you guys think. Like, share, comment, do all the things. And if you want more of this, subscribe and you'll be notified of the next time I drop a video. Thanks, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bobhoya801 [7 likes]: Also, you said ACT is not an EBP, which is largely untrue. It has a very strong evidence base for many conditions, including anxiety, depression, and chronic pain and has much more empirical support for trauma treatment than something like ifs, brainspotting, or pvt for trauma.
  2. @bobhoya801 [1 likes]: It's really worrying how many clinicians in our field get excited over the easy, unfounded treatments, only to move on to the next one when they don't work. It's not hard to look up which treatment approaches are supported by evidence.
  3. @Neilgs: You really do not have a clue of what you are talking about!  It is a theory that derived from many decades of established science, neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neuroendocrinology, embryology. Secondly, a theory in science does as you well know does not mean the same thing in layman terms. Thirdly, Gee whiz?! I wonder how “Attachment Theory” explains trauma?! Hmm! Let me see?!  

Let’s continue, you think it is just supported by the general public. Really? Bessel Van der Kolk, Jaak Panksepp, Allan Schore (the foremost psychiatrist and attachment researcher and Affective Neuroscientist), Dan Siegel, Bruce Perry, et al . 

The criticisms are by anatomical and physiological reductionists not attachment researchers, system biologists, affective neuroscientists, etc.
  4. @Neilgs: LOL What exactly do you want them to run trials about? "I am not studying it because I am not studying something that has no merit." You are therefore disqualified from commenting on something you never studied or know nothing about. The vapidity of you statement is truly arresting!   My God! PVT did not go out and study some literature through their lens. You are embarrassing yourself. You should take down your ludicrous juvenile video immediately!
  5. @Neilgs: You're naive, ignorant and hysterical. You really do not understand what you are saying or reading. Polyvagal Theory is cited in 30,000 peer-reviewed articles. It is not a "Theory" in the colloquial sense but used in the scientific sense. It is derived from the existing science. You first have to understand the actual science, the actual autonomic foundations, the differences between the older parasympathetic dorsal and evolutionary or phylogenetic transitions to the new parasympathetic mammalian nervous system linking to four cranial nerves with the ventral vagal complex, etc. You clearly do not. 

Please stop being a hysterical giddy cheerleader for something you absolutely and unequivocally literally know nothing about (let alone how the current critique has been put down) and have never once read the original publications and evidence based data by Porges and subsequent published papers, let alone system theory, Interpersonal Neurobiology and Affective Neuroscience, all of which is fully supported by the latter.

Separately, as a Developmental therapist what is understandable but terribly embarrassing what you mean by evidenced based therapies is evidenced-based behavioral based which other than surface band-aids (managing surface symptomatology) is indisputably, unequivocally and inarguably ineffective (let alone causing greater lack of integration, disembodiment and autonomic stress) for survivors of complex trauma!
  6. @mustard444: Why are you laughing? Arrogant
  7. @gelsomina2025: Hello, I am not a Psicologist, nor a therapist. I wanted just to share my POV on the topic. In my understanding Polyvagal Theory was a theory (again Theory) to explain the body trauma response. It never was a THERAPY. So I am not sure how clinicians could apply a theory born to explain body response to trauma as a "curing" therapy. However, in the last years, Polyvagal Theory has become so widely known and used in "educational" material by (expecially) mindfulness coaches that now general public (not doctors, not neurscientists, not therapists) perceive it as fundamentally true because it reasonates with them. Also, while I did read the abstract, I didn’t have the chance to read the whole article and as a person that holds a MSc and knows how scientific researchers are done (I didn’t complete my PhD but I started one) I am curious also about the bibliography. Recently there has been a "scandal" of a Scientific Journal that published an article to have it retired since that they found out (after they supposedly did the peer review😅) that the bibliography was quoting articles that did not exist (probably it was made with AI) so I want to go through it properly. However, criticisms to the Polyvagal Theory were well known even before so I do not expect to find anything much new.

Thank you for reading till here and I do apologise if I made any errors while writing, English is not my first language, even though I live in a English speaking country so I should be quite familiar with the language.
  8. @allenhowell5420: The video is weirdly sped up and you sound like Alvin's lost sister. Very distracting.
  9. @terriblycleverchannelname5620: Doing the lord's work debunking cult therapies
  10. @Bors123: It's tragic to see a 'trauma therapist' target only one layer of trauma (cognitive in this case) and assume all the work is done there. There is plenty of research on how the PVT and neurological health relate to trauma healing. Do look them up.
  11. @sggg100: 👏

- Polyvagal Theory: What’s Supported by Science — and What’s Not?: Kind: captions Language: en I was talking to one of my mentors in the field the other day and we got into the topic of polygo theory and he gently encouraged me to look closer into some of the research as it currently stands behind poly bagel theory in an effort to keep this channel as research informed as possible. I want to share what I found with you, especially because polyagal theory and how our nervous systems work is something I talk a fair amount about in my series on stress and trauma. But what I found in my research is polyagal theory currently mixes some really important and excellent neuroscience with some interpretive claims that just go beyond current evidence. So, we'll break down some of the main claims that poly bagel theory makes that may be overstated and simplified and try to paint a fuller, more nuanced picture of how our nervous systems really work. To begin, our nervous system is fluid. It is not made of fixed states. So, polyagal theory talks about three main states. The vententral veagal where we feel calm and socially connected. the sympathetic state, often described as fight or flight, and dorsal veagal shutdown, where we freeze and immobilize. But scientists don't all agree that our nervous system actually divides into three distinct states like that. In most research, people describe patterns of parasympathetic and sympathetic activity rather than these fixed states. Because of that, we also can't think of ourselves as moving up or down these states like they're a fixed ladder. It is much more fluid than that. And different systems in our body can be active at the same time, which means can overlap. We can experience both simultaneously. For example, we might be hanging out with a friend and feel very relaxed and connected to them while feeling physically on edge in a new environment. So rather than switching between these three separate modes, our nervous system is constantly adjusting to our context in a much more fine-tuned way. And because the nervous system responses overlap and are constantly shifting, our behavior doesn't fall into one clear category either. You'll often hear in polyagal theory that each state comes with this specific way of acting, calm and social in one state, frozen or shut down in another. But when different systems can be active at the same time, our behavior just doesn't map clearly onto one single state. We can also have the exact same behavior like direct fixed eye contact that is coming from a place of confidence and openness or on the other hand maybe coming from a place of hypervigilance and anxiety. So while there are certain body language cues we can look to that sometimes signal stress or relaxation, they aren't universal. It's very culturally dependent and most the time our behavior is going to reflect a mix of activation and calm just like our nervous system itself. Third point I want to make is heart rate variability can't tell us what state we're in. While heart rate variability or HRV gives us a rough sense of how easily our bodies can adjust to changing demands like shifting between effort and rest. It is not a precise measure of safety, stress or any specific emotional state. HRV changes for many reasons, even breathing, movement, our age, overall health. So, it's telling us a lot more about our overall adaptability and the flexibility of our nervous systems rather than how we feel in a given moment. Fourth point, because the nervous system isn't a simple ladder, we don't always start with active defense or fight or flight and then shut down if that doesn't work. Sometimes we're going to freeze immediately without even trying to fight or escape in the first place. Our nervous system tends to select the protective response that feels safest for us based on a lot of factors like how much control we feel like we have, how much energy we have available, how close the threat feels, and what we've learned from past experiences. Social context and our past conditioning matter a lot because our bodies often rely on strategies that we've used to cope before. So when we're in that frozen state, coming out of it also doesn't just follow one path. There's no predictable direction of what deactivating looks like. Sometimes we may start more frozen and immobilized and move into feeling calmer and more grounded. Other times we may move from that frozen state into more fight orflight energy. So we're moving from passive to active defense. That doesn't mean our nervous systems have regulated. It just means we have more energy and mobility. That shift can be a positive sign that our capacity to act is returning. But it doesn't mean our nervous system has settled yet. Another point on the shutdown state. This state is not inherently more harmful for our bodies than fight or flight. We can't think of freezing and shutting down as more damaging to our body and our organs than fight or flight. Both shutdown and fight or flight are protective adaptive responses. And both become stressful to our bodies if they last too long without us getting to recover and rest. So what affects our health more isn't whether we fight and flight or whether we freeze. It's how chronic and unsupported our stress becomes over time. Next point on neurosception. I'd encourage you to think of neurosception more as a helpful concept than a defined brain system. So polyagal theory uses the word neurosception to describe how we subconsciously sense safety and danger. And it's true that our brains are constantly evaluating threat outside of us being aware of this. But this isn't coming from one specific biological system or piece of our anatomy. This process seems to involve a lot of different brain regions working together to interpret cues from our environment. Last point I want to make here is the evolutionary story that polyagal theory presents is more complex than it sounds. Polyagal theory sometimes describes mammals as having a uniquely social nervous system that reptiles don't have. But comparative biology shows that many non-mamal species display complex social behavior. And how our nervous systems have evolved is more gradual change over time than a sharp divide. Humans and mammals more broadly do have more complex brain networks. We have changes in how our vag nerve interacts with facial expressions and vocal tones and are more flexible in our social communication. But these features are more like refinements of older nervous systems rather than a completely new social nervous system. So after unpacking some of these claims that may be overstated or simplified, I want to end with something equally important, which is giving poly veagal theory some credit for helping highlight several ideas that are strongly supported by research. One, our nervous system really does shape how we feel and behave. One of the biggest takeaways that is very strongly supported by science is that our nervous system influences how safe or threatened we feel, how we perceive and make sense of what's happening around us, and how we respond emotionally and socially. The vag nerve also does really play an important role in regulating things like our heart rate, breathing, digestion, and our stress response. And when our nervous system is more activated or more relaxed, this deeply affects our mood, our attention, and our ability to connect with others. Second, feeling safe with others can be really deeply calming for our nervous systems. Research shows that safe social connection does help regulate stress. So those things like that warm facial expression, that gentle voice, steady eye contact really can signal safety and help our bodies settle. And humans often do regulate better together than alone if we're around people that we feel emotionally safe and supported with. Third point, fight, flight, freeze, and shutdown are real protective responses. Our nervous system has multiple ways of protecting us. It is not just fight or flight. And there are times where we move into more passive defensive responses like freezing. But even if that shutdown response in the moment makes us feel immobilized and out of control of our own body, this is an adaptive and protective way of responding to threat, not a sign of weakness. The last point I want to make is just to acknowledge that the language of poly bagel theory has helped a lot of people. Even in the places where the biology gets simplified, poly bagel theory has given us a shared language to talk about our nervous system experiences. Many people find it validating and empowering to understand their reactions through this bodybased lens and to understand again that our initial reactions are automatic and unconscious. So bringing nervous system education into therapy especially has really supported meaningful change for a lot of people and helped people judge themselves and their reactions less and find more self understanding and compassion for the very different ways that we respond to stress. So after taking this deep dive together into the science behind poly baggo theory, I hope you can approach your body and what it's telling you with even more nuance and self-standing. For me, this research has served as a helpful reminder that very often we're going to be feeling everything all at once. And even during mundane moments where there might not be much going on outside of us in our internal worlds, our experience is complex and multi-layered. Because of that, we also don't have to reach or stay in some ideal calm zen state to support healing and move out of chronic stress. It is totally okay and very common for different sensations and emotions to exist in our bodies at the same time. And even when stress is present in our bodies, it's still helpful to bring in small things that ground and support us. Learning to be curious and open towards the complexity of our inner experience leads us beautifully into the next series I'll be sharing with you all on emotional maturity. So, I'm excited to explore that more with you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theastrode7219: Thank u x
  2. @ireneaccardo1750: Just finished a certification in pvt and literally all of these aspects, including the proven critiques, were integrated. Like the simultaneous activation of states, the idea of culturception, no dogma about that… no hierarchy on fight flight or freeze…honestly even the famous gross paper is misquoted ( yet having points regarding the supposed origin of the system for example).
  3. @Neilgs: Neuroception as Porges termed and exhaustively mapped is directly (bi-directionally) connected from the orbital frontal cortex (the apex of the right side autonomic nervous system to the ventral and dorsal motor nucleus. What is again missing is that Steve discusses at each and every point higher cortical regions that bi-directionally connect with the vagus. Neuroception, the superior temporal sulcus and fusiform face area, the central nucleus of the amygdala, the insular….
  4. @Neilgs: Actually, shutting down as in hypoxia, vasovagal syncope ot collapse from terror is much more dangerous to us (mammals) who require 500% more oxygen than reptiles. Reptiles are naturally wired to go into immobilization or feigning without suffering lethal consequences, mammals only for a short period of time. Porges exhaustive work in neonatal care, which proved Polyvagal Theory (Vagal paradox) revealed that premies born -28 weeks risk apnea and bradycardia as they do not have a cardioinhibitory (myelinated) ventral vagal complex.
  5. @Neilgs: Just a couple of more observations. RSA is not HRV. The two should not be conflated. When it is discussed as one part among many factors (respiratory, depth or tidal volume, sympathetics) it appears to be a very poor measure of one’s state, indeed it then is. 

The problem is the general conflation with all these other factors is not what Steve is talking about. He is discussing RSA as a pure extracted measurement which accurately filters out these other influences. RSA is solely a measurement (Porges/Boher method)  of the cardio inhibitory or myelinated fibers that synapse on the heart’s pacemaker, sinoatrial node to the nucleus ambiguus (the  vagal complex, eyes, face, head), hence the mammalian face-heart connection.  

It does indeed (without dispute) indicate the amplitude and frequency of calm, relaxation an health in contrast to (when the vagal brake or cardioinhibitory fibers) are removed and high sympathetic adrenal arousal or vasovagal syncope (freeze to collapse). What the critics are talking about (and therapists easily deceived) is RSA as one measure of overall HRV. 

RSA as a pure measurement of the cardio inhibitory for myelinated fibers does indeed indicate strong health or as one example, and what Porges research  exhaustively peer reviewed RSA in premies born -30 weeks. Essentially, they have extremely low RSA as they are born with a very weak undeveloped ventral vagus (myelinated cardioinhibitory fibers) and risk SIDS, hypoxia and dorsal vagal mediated surge and apnea and bradycardia.
  6. @Neilgs: First of all, you are not somewhat but completely and unequivocally wrong in your assertions of what Polyvagal plainly says in contrast to what has been scaled down, ghosted down and turned in a pop caricature. At best a simplification. 

Polyvagal Theory does not state there are three static distinct states, Dorsal vagus shut down, sympathetic-adrenal arousal and ventral vagus or social engagement system!

Parasympathetic dorsal vagus shutdown, as in tachycardia, apnea or worse bradycardia (cessation of heart and death). The latter we see sometimes for example in SIDS with premies born prior to 28 weeks.

The other side adaptation or utilization is of course the Parasympathetic dorsal vagus rest and digest or being held in the arms of a loved one. Think Oxytocin. 

Same dorsal vagal complex yet adaptively utilized in different ways according life threat (i.e., reduced oxygen, metabolic activity and as stated potentially lethal).

Sympathetic nervous system is NOT just activated during sympathetic-adrenal arousal or defensive fight/flight amygdala driven responses under actual or perceived threat (ie, Neuroception) 

But sympathetic adrenaline activation utilized for engagement as in sports and even more significantly co-regulated back and forth play. 

The social-engagement system ot the ventral vagus complex, felt-perceived, experienced affective states of intrinsic calm or safety (Neuroception-Interoception) is not just flat line feeling or valence of trust/safety but involves a mixture of social-engagement and positive sympathetic activation or play.

Freeze is not just an older parasympathetic dorsal vagus withdrawal or immobilization but involves a certain mixture of sympathetic arousal in order to maintain.

In actual dorsal vagal shutdown (ie, vasovagal syncope or fainting or worse bradycardia, death) then the HPA (hypothalamus, pituitary adrenal axis) or sympathetic-adrenal system is offline. 

Bottom line: There is always an admixture of dorsal, sympathetic and ventral.  That is what has always  been stated by Polyvagal Theory. The over scaled down or over popularization has falsely schematized and reduced it to caricature!

- How Valid Is Polyvagal Theory?: Kind: captions Language: en I wanted to believe. I wanted really badly for polyvagal theory to be the key to healing my body and my trauma, my attachment wounds. I also hear other mental health professionals and my friends and a lot of people I really love and respect bring out polyvagal and it's unfortunate because the evidence is just not there. Hi, my name is Aidan Farrell and in two months I will be a licensed professional counselor in the state of Texas. Thanks for joining me today. So, in this video I'm going to give you a very brief overview of polyvagal theory or PVT followed by the results of a recent expert review of PVT and then a wrap up of where we go from here. Two new journal articles on PVT just came out a couple of weeks ago. Uh, one is the expert review of 39 experts in relevant fields. Uh, just a side note here, you should always check for biases and how these experts were recruited. Uh, we'll get more to that later. And the second article is a response to that expert review by the creator of polyvagal theory, Stephen Porges. So, polyvagal theory in its simplest terms holds that there is a vagal ladder where the top of the ladder is brain activity which is flexible, regulated, and prosocial. Uh, you feel at ease. Uh, in the middle of the ladder you're in fight or flight and you're spending a large amount of energy and at the bottom you're shut down conserving energy because your brain thinks that it is impossible to escape whichever threat you're facing. Your brain is always scanning for threats and when it detects a threat, the higher order circuits tend to dissolve putting that person in a more primitive mode of defense. Moving between these circuits happens through communication between the heart and the brain which present as changes in cardiac rhythm. Porges also points to different genes in {quote} and {quote} social animals like humans giving us the capacity to socially engage or revert back to our {quote} and {quote} non-mammalian brain. Now, we'll get into the critiques of Grossman and his colleagues in their expert review. First, the relationship between changes in cardiac rhythm and vagus nerve activity is not that clear-cut. Yet, evidence for polyvagal theory relies on this relationship for its validity. This proposed relationship is also confounded, which means there are lots of other things that are also affecting that relationship. Being able to reduce all of the complicated interactions and unknowns of brain activity to a linear ladder sounds too good to be true, and it is. Indeed, Grossman et al. and Vertichka critique PVT as reductionist. Porges makes other assertions in his theory that current research does not back up, such as {quote} dorsal vagal shutdown, {unquote} not actually decreasing heart rate, and there being mounting evidence of complex social relationships between animals that Porges would term primitive. And finally, the experts found that Porges had shotty scholarship with half of the physiological references being inaccurately cited and others misinterpreted. Wow. Porges responded by basically saying the experts had misrepresented polyvagal theory's fundamentals, so the evidence they present doesn't apply. Porges also critiques it as a position paper by a self-selected group. Is it? Well, there don't seem to be any brow-raising conflicts of interest, but Grossman et al. also don't explain the selection process for the panel of experts, so it may be a task force of PVT haters, or it may not. Porges goes on to put the burden of proof on his critics rather than on himself, and does not address any of the shotty scholarship in his response. So, bringing the expert review and Porges' response together, Vertichka says that {quote} PVT's core assumptions are fundamentally contradicted by current physiological, neurobiological, and evolutionary data. Also, {quote} while the psychological concepts utilized by PVT, like coregulation and psychological safety, are considered valid and valuable, they predate PVT by decades and are neither clarified nor strengthened by this physiological framework that lacks empirical support." Ouch. So, what does this mean for us as mental health professionals? Well, believing in and promoting PVT to our clients can be dangerous. We, as clinicians, have an ethical and legal duty to provide the best possible care for our clients, and if we continue to use PVT knowing that it lacks evidence, then we are not providing adequate care. Clients could also misattribute serious health problems to vagus nerve activity and try treatments based in PVT that are not evidence-based and delay them getting medical help. Clients could also think, "Oh, thank goodness, this is the key to all of my trauma and attachment, and with this I can heal." When in reality, there are better treatments out there. Although, I don't know of any standard polyvagal informed treatment that is actually hazardous to clients. In fact, many of them have health benefits. I'm sure if PVT has motivated many people to attune to their bodies and take better care of themselves. It takes what could be abstract and stressful in their brain and provides them more digestible way to envision and heal that. If using PVT helps you heal, then use it. Ultimately, I do want people to heal and grow however they can. But, if you're tackling things as complex as trauma and attachment, know that PVT does not have all the answers and may even get in the way of your healing. There are better theories out there with better science and that yield better results. It's too much to get into here, but I recommend you check out the end of Dr. Veretichka's article for some suggestions. All of my sources are in the video description. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AF-LPC [4 likes]: What do you think? Does a guiding theory need to have perfect science to be helpful? Or can it still be useful as a clinical heuristic?

Edit: Dr. Vrticka, who authored the Substack article I reference throughout the video, reached out to me and asked that I include this clarification:

"My evaluation of the current discussion about PVT yields three main implications: (1) that the bibliographic and formal errors as well as interpretative inaccuracies in Porges’ 2025 PVT paper should be thoroughly reassessed and amended as part of a correction, and (2) that PVT’s core assumptions are fundamentally contradicted by current physiological, neurobiological and evolutionary data, but (3) that the empirical invalidity of PVT’s neurophysiological framework doesn’t negate the existence of the phenomena it attempts to explain. Therefore, as valid and important it is to point out PVT’s obvious flaws, it also is crucial to engage in an extended and constructive dialogue to provide more accurate and up-to-date explanations of the concepts of "social engagement", "fight-or-flight", "freeze", etc., which refer to real and valid states that have been established long before PVT linked them to contested neurobiological accounts associated with "neuroception" and the "vagal ladder". 

For me, the third implication is really important and I hope that it can serve as a starting point for mutual and constructive future discussions."
  2. @Neilgs [1 likes]: I’m glad that you are graduating in 2 months but you do not know what you are talking about. I am not even sure why you are making this 6 minute video? First of all you are taking about a gross popularization and caricature. The ladder, ventral, sympathetic and dorsal does not exist simplistically. There are always mixed states. Moreover, sympathetic is not just sympathetic adrenal fight/flight but also Play. Parasympathetic Dorsal vagal motor complex (or our older parasympathetic system)  is not just vasovagal syncope (passing out) from terror or life threat but also  adaptively (as sympathetic and ventral vagal) mobilized for deep rest, relaxation and making love, think oxytocin and endorphins.  

Also freeze is not ever just dorsal but a large component of sympathetic adrenal flight/fright. 

As far as RSA (respiratory sinus arrhythmia), Porges is specifically talking about the myelinated ventral vagal complex (V, VII, IX. X and XI) with the bronchi and sinoatrial node of the heart. That is a specific measurement of myelinated fibers constituting cardiac vagal tone and NOT general heart rate variability 

This has been shown conclusively the main factor measure of survival in healthy vs unhealthy (premies prior to 28 weeks) newborns who don’t have a myelinated ventral vagal complex. Moreover, it is NOT central to the Polyvagal Theory but nonetheless stands on incontrovertible evidence. Embryology. 

Third, reptilian social engagement is not mammalian social engagement. It would be as though idiotic said an insect has wings and a bird has wings so wings are wings!  They are completely utter different and don’t engage in co-regulation, auditory-prosodic vocalization, touching, grooming, crying, laughing and making love. Yes. they are “social” but the wing analogy I made above holds. 

Please read Porges original publication on forward. His work has been cited 40,000 peer reviewed articles. 

It has also been proven optogenetics,, viral tracing and molecular imaging with respect to the ventral vagal complex with higher cortical functioning, which the 39 anatomists, evolutionary theorists reductionists ignore. 

Key words, they are reductionists not system biologists,
  3. @nichetone6547 [1 likes]: The word "debunked" feels challenging here. If PVT is considered useful as a clinical heuristic and has been helpful for clients, then writing off the entire theory doesn't feel helpful. 

That being said yes there are a lot of outrageous examples of practitioners exploiting PVT for financial gain and pushing the theory to extreme places.

- Using the Polyvagal Theory for Trauma | Dr. Stephen Porges, Being Well Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome to being well I'm Forest Tansen if you're new to the podcast thanks for joining us today and if you've listened before welcome back today I'm joined by a true Pioneer the creator of the polyval theory Dr Steven pores Dr pores is a distinguished University scientist at Indiana University where he is the founding director of the traumatic stress research Consortium he is also professor of Psychiatry at the University of North Carolina and professor amerus at both the University of Illinois at ch Chicago and the University of Maryland he's published more than I think 300 peer-reviewed papers across a wide array of disciplines and is the author of a number of books including his most recent which he wrote with his son Seth our poly vagel world how safety and Trauma change us so Steve thanks so much for doing this today how are you I'm doing fine and thank you for us for inviting me I am uh so happy that we're doing this again we've talked in the podcast previously people really enjoyed that conversation and I'm guessing that most of our listeners probably have at least a cursory familiarity with polyal Theory but for those who don't it probably makes sense for us to start at the beginning and I would love a brief summary here so if we were to kind of reduce the complexity of the theory and basically put it into a kind of a couple sentences I really say that it's about uh understanding that our bodily State influences how we respond to the world and how we experience the world and so when our body's in a state of calmness we see the world much more as benevolent optimistic engaging and when our body's in a state of literally threat we call may call anxiety or stress then the cues of the world are interpreted to be more in a sense threatening my son Seth who wrote the book really likes to simplify and say it's really about how you feel Bobby Bagel theory is really is about if you feel safe if you feel safe enough the world is a great place to be in if your body's in a state of threat the world's a dangerous place so it's as simple as that poly vagal Theory goes One Step Beyond that so I'll start with the what I call the intervening variable and not to think of the world as being a stimulus and response world or if it were if you were depressed then Opera conditioning would get you out of depression if you were anxious you could in a sense put it under stimulus control and you'd be fine in fact many people tried these things they were not very effective uh so we know that it's not merely the contingency with the external stimulus that our body's responding to we have something in between and that's that physiological state but that physiological State carries with it a portfolio or profile of what behaviors are literally uh emerged from it or let's say comfortable in coming out of certain physiological States so if your body is in the state of physiological threat which means like fever or injury your whole physiology is now shifted to be protective but it affects your mental state as well so you see people's faces not as being supportive loving and compassionate but you see them as being evaluative and remember we're in a world with the signals are not signals of safety most of the signals are really signals of threat so we're in a world in which education is evaluation medicine is evaluation everything work is evaluation that's another way of saying that our body is being bombarded with signals of threat all the time but we as social mammals and this is really what our evolutionary Heritage gives us we not only respond to threat we respond to signals of safety and I think this is one of the important messages of polyal theory which makes it an optimistic World perspective that we can downregulate our stress or anxiety our threat reactions with signals of safety and those signals of safety tend to be extraordinarily predictable all you need to do is look at a mother cing or crying baby and suddenly you get the signals and then you if you see a person who's adopted a rescued dog or cat how do they talk to the cat or dog they will use this prootic intonation of voice and that triggers in the physiology a compant we know what our body wants so that in your interviews so as far as for you and you're the interviewer you are broadcasting signals of safety to your interviewees so if your voice were yelling at them or high-pitched anxious voice they would be like this they wouldn't even be able to find a word to respond to you so that's poly vagel so we know all this but how do we implement it in our world in our day-to-day life or even in our education in our science in our social life and in therapeutic growth yeah got that and that's a great summary uh Steve I think that you chose well in terms of how long and how detailed to make it so the uh the name poly vagal comes from the Vegas nerve as you know much better than I do and I like how you've really focused on this notion of like how do we respond to threat and under what circumstances do we respond to different kinds of threats because that Maps pretty nicely to these uh three big systems that you talk about in your work a lot yeah so the three big systems are really physiological systems that are regulated in in the autonomic or regulated by the autonomic nervous system and what that really means is that our brain stem our brain regulates our bodily organs and all of us have felt our our palpitations of our heart in certain situations we may start sweating we may tremble and some people under certain situations feel like they're going to pass out and some do and the point is the theory explains the mechanisms of this ability to engage others to request engagement of others to co-regulate so let's say I feel a threat what is the go-to system or situation I should be orchestrating in my life another person because our biology evolved to be co-regulated by another person or what I often say another appropriate mammal so a cat or dog or for those who have experienced trauma they like their pets or they feel safer with their pets than with humans uh so the issue is our nervous system knows what the signals should be to turn off our threat responses we kind of grow up in this world and the world says you may feel this but don't respond to it so part of our trajectory is literally learning to be numb to ourselves and polyal Theory says that this strategy of numbness has a physiological consequence because you're turning off the feedback loops between the organs of your body and your brain and so over time this numbness works but so what's really happening the neuro regulation the organs are paying the price one of the things that I really love about poly veel and the real like Breakthrough for me when I was learning about it is the notion that we have these three different ways broadly speaking to oversimplify a little bit of responding to different kinds of threats that map to these different systems in our body related to the Vegas nerve they're basically we have a freeze response we have a fight or flight response and then we have this more relational response that you're really emphasizing here Steve co-regulation sitting in it in a way that feels good with another person and one of the things that was helpful for me was the notion that all of these responses are adaptive in different kinds of ways uh with our freeze response you're mobilizing you're hiding from predators you're conserving resources uh with the more mobilizing responses you need to run away from predators or maybe seek out food whatever it is that is getting you into that movement and then that relational social system which drives like so much of the way that we are with other people and particularly allows us to stay safe with others because if you think about our sort of evolutionary Heritage the biggest threat to humans for much of our history has been other humans so we learn ways to solve that problem through those relational systems is that a fair summary that's very good because what you did was you stepped in where I didn't give the answers so you really were asking me before what are the three circuits that I talked about polyal Theory I talk about a vental vagal system that is calming our body but linked with the neuro regulation of our face and our voice so we broadcast her physiological state in our voice and in our face and in sense intuitively everyone knows that and that's where we negotiate and we literally work in psychological space to convey signals of of safety and to mitigate signals of threat which is what you're talking about this negotiation then when that system gets retracting it basically creates a platform for a very efficient fight flight system so in a sense the newer vental Vegas which gives you the social engagement actually has a couple wonderful attributes one in itself has these emerging properties of interacting of smiling of talking with a prootic voice but it literally can choreograph and Co-op or repurpose our fight flight system and now we call it play or dance so we're mobilized but we use our face we use our voice and so we really get exuberance we get a full experience of life and then if that social engagement system is can repurpose that dorsal Vegas this older vagal circuit that when recruit in in defense shuts us down it does that it calms us now and we now can share moments of intimacy where bodies conform with each other it's just visualize a mother and the infant so we can see that when that ventral Vegas is on board it can co-op everything now you you mentioned another very important point is that our defenses are not good or bad they're adaptive and this is critical when you watch a child in the state of tantrum that nervous system is in a state of threat and yelling at that child is not going to uh enable them to calm their body is going to gear it up and I often say uh in my talks have you ever won an argument now it's a very uh it's a reflective question because what we realize is that once we're in an argument we are not very good Witnesses we're not listening we're not negotiating we are in a survival mode and arguments are not one you have maybe someone being submissive but you don't have a Reconciliation of ideas together in a shared agenda and it takes decades to recognize that you don't win arguments um that you have to be and that I see the weakness in our uh development as a society in our educational system is that we haven't emphasized the importance of being a good witness to others h even within the clinical World especially in the world of trauma we have people who talk about retribution to those who have been injured and the issue is if you're traumatized that is not your priority it's not retribution your priority is to be heard because the trauma affected your boundaries of a concept of yourself so by being witness you now are recreating that boundary and there's a healing component of just having a person be supportive I love that you're talking about this now Steve because one of the things that I wanted to ask you about was the relevancy of poly vagal theory for people who have experienced you know significant unfortunate experiences trauma whatever however you want to refer to it um and one of the insights of the theory is that what we refer to as trauma is not just like a psychological State it's actually a physiological experience often of hyperactivation and you're referring to safety experiences here right like co-regulation with another person the ability to engage the the nerves that drive expressions in the face in little subtle ways that allow us to feel related to by another being but people who have had considerable traumatic experiences particularly what we would refer to as like complex PTSD of course it can come from many different things but complex PTSD tends to be particularly bad for this um they often have a hard time getting to that relational stance that allows them to feel safe with another person to feel regulated with by another person so it becomes this kind of self-perpetuating thing where you can't feel safe so you can't feel related to so you can't feel safe um and it's very difficult for people to deal with well it's difficult if you try to figure it out cognitively because when they try to figure it out cognitively a the person who's trying to figure it out feels shame and blame for not implementing the quote the appropriate behaviors that solve the problem so they're treating it as a problem solving task and what they're doing is I go say violating one of the most important principles of the theory or how the theory can be applied to Human Experience is that is listen to your body be aware of what your body is telling you when we i' like to always kind of make this kind of broad statement I learned much more about what it was to be a human from the world of trauma I didn't learn it from my work in development or phys physiology I learned it from the experiences of those who have been traumatized because they taught me what they had lost and they lost this capacity to feel safe with another they didn't lose the dream or the vision or the expectation that they would want to do that they lost the literally the toolkit that enabled them to do it now this goes back to what we Define trauma as I like to Define trauma not by the event it's not not that events aren't important and this is my discussion uh about AC's adverse childhood experience as well they're important I don't mean to minimize that but given the same experience or same event the personal internalized experiences are going to be different so the issue is it's the response to the event that is critical and this becomes extremely important in the world where people are literally functionally traumatized their health and their whole psychological out Outlook of the world changes by an event that others within our society say it's trivial why why are you reacting this way and what we need to do is be respectful because we can't make the prediction of how anyone or even how we as individual will respond so we can't say I got through that you should now to me the most interesting thing that I was taught from the world of trauma was that signals of safety which I had was I was promoting and said this is the way uh you know this is the world we need more signals of safety for a person who has experienced severe trauma especially from a biological parents from a home from basically violation of trust in those that their nervous system had anticipated or was programmed to trust once that's violated the body is say see signals of safety as signals of vulnerability I developed an acoustic intervention called the safe and sound protocol I developed it as a stealth intervention initially start with autistic kids and then moved into the world of trauma the idea was that if you can signal the nervous system functionally the autonomic nervous system that it's safe through enhancement of the intonation of vocalizations it was computer altered music the nervous system would spontaneously open up and be accessible and available and engage and it happened many times however with people with severe trauma there were certain cases in which individuals found the prootic music they were listening to extremely threatening or let's say anxiety producing and could not they became destabilized and could not listen and I had to figure this out because what it was is that the music the signals were working they were the body was hearing it processed by the brain going down to the viscera this was the neuroception was working the body opened up but now we have Inception where the feelings of the body percolate up to the brain cement up to the cortex that hits Consciousness so the people with the trauma histories when they listen to this I should say some of the people some no problem they listen listen to this their body literally becomes accessible so what happens their body starts to open up the Inception goes up and is now interpreted within a history of memories of vulnerability and injury yeah yeah and Wham I'll give you an example uh they were doing a uh using it in in Poland for Ukrainian refugees and they were wanting to work with kids and I said well first you need to work with the mother because the child needs a safe parent to engage and you can't in s stimulate this safety response unless the mother can be reciprocal so they put it on a woman uh she lasted 42 seconds and pulled the headset off her ears she came out of a war zone with a child and what was her her in a sense physiological responsibility to be protected MH and now she was literally being C by the music to be accessible relaxing yeah totally and therefore becoming more vulnerable as we as we are as animals you know you show the you show the soft underbelly and bad things happen to you particularly if you've had that experience over and over again like just speaking personally for a moment um I wouldn't refer to myself as somebody with with a acute trauma history or anything like that you know I had some difficult interactions with other kids growing up as many people do but that's about it but nonetheless you step into that social situation where for whatever reason the group is actually co-regulating with each other they're actually relaxed everyone's settling down what happened to me the first couple of times that I was in that sort of a space I became anxious I got uncomfortable I got Buzzy I stepped out of the room whatever it was because that felt spooky for me it felt spooky for my body and that's again somebody who hasn't had those kinds of acute experiences so when I first started to see this happening it was very disruptive to me yeah because uh personally I I only want to be helpful how could I in s create something that has it's it s could have a counter indication that can trigger things and I got really upset and I had to be told by the trauma therapists that who told me calm down we'll figure this one out they were soothing you there that was good they they were this is and what they really were telling me and they did it was they just need to slow the delivery down yeah so it meant that it's like somatic experience with pendulation or titration the nervous system can get shocked but it needs time for it to recover so it can relearn or get repurposed to be welcoming and so the very I would say brilliantly insightful therapists looked and listened to their clients watched them looked at their faces looked at their muscle tone and decided little less is more which was a principle of the intervention to begin with and that was how basically I took out a lot of the sound to enable it to be processed more easily but I had not thought about the duration so now they were talking about less is more meaning shorter duration and over over the years it's been about five years or six years it's been out there some of the therapist use only a few seconds every session they use it until they get a response to the client inceptive Pathways and they know it's enough you're talking about what the appropriate working dose of this intervention is basic for the individual and for the individual at on that day uh it to me it's remarkable how sensitive uh let say what trauma history adverse history not even using the word trauma can retune the nervous system to be on hypervigilant literally and when we start talking about what is safety it's basically turning off for hypervigilance and I use words now like safe enough to be who we really are because when we're not safe we're just defensive so there's so much here and there are a lot of different places that I could take this but just to kind of say this back to you a little bit Steve um particularly in terms of takeaways for a person who's maybe had uh some difficult experiences in their life whether or not they would refer to that as as a trauma history so we're living in a world that's got a lot to be worried about right right whether it's what we're bombarded by on the news or it's just the realities of living a difficult life and then what we're saying is hey you're somebody who went through these kinds of experiences your body is now literally experiencing safety as a kind of threat and you're so you're experiencing threat as a kind of threat and you're experiencing safety as a kind of threat and the world's just sort of spooky in general like wow that is a that is a difficult soup for a person to deal with um and I'm some sort of wondering where you go from here so you're really describing much of the world especially much of the world that Mental Health Providers live in yeah this is I mean it's not an exaggeration what you're saying and the answer really is if your body's locked into a state of threat and signals of safety are threat how do you navigate and the answer is slowly with great difficulty but with the building of a trusting relationship there has to be a degree of co-regulation I have asked this question about uh foster children frequently the issue is how do you work with foster children and it's a subset of fostered children who are taken away from their biological parents because of severe abuse and what that means to me is they don't have a template of feeling safe with anyone so the issue is when we feel safe with someone at some point in time that becomes a top- down visualization that can be leveraged in developing one's therapeutic model whether it's an Insight from poly vagal Theory the physiological interventions that you've developed or just what you've learned over time talking to a lot of really smart people about this what do you think helps people people get there get into that experience I think there a couple basic steps and the first step is what I call awareness I think we're all on a journey of re-embodiment in a s part of what trauma does or we don't even need the word trauma we can say chronic stress we use the word anxiety it doesn't matter underneath all those psychological terms is a physiology that has been repurposed to be locked into a state of threat so so the first thing is that awareness of our own physiological state so the it focuses on our own awareness because what we also learn is that most people who are chronically stressed who have adversity history is all the same package are numb to their body and they with that numbness they also have a whole array of medical problems and those medical problems are all not all but many or if not most are linked to disregulation of the autonomic nervous system so the first point is that mental and physical illness are really comingled intertwined and a body in a state of threat produces both and it's the nervous systems reaction because it can't surface itself it can't take care of its own organs in a state of threat because it's in sense it's kind of like a Star Trek model uh when you're in the asteroid or someone shooting uh missiles at you you need your defense shields but defense shields take energy yeah and now you're propulsion and you're using your resources same thing with humans when we're locked into a state of threat our resources are pulled in and in fact fight flight is metabolically costly we can't even maintain that and that's in part why in the world of trauma where there's chronic abuse in the history of many people they shut down they withdraw this is part of dissociation a in polyal terms the dorsal Vegas which is this cons it's conservation system uh that is being recruited to saying you can't keep fighting you need to disappear and you need to reduce your metabolic output so this became I think the important uh contribution to polyal theory in the world of trauma it was the acknowledgement that disruptors didn't always elicit sympathetic fight flight they often elicited a shutting down withdrawal uh dissociative response and before polyvagal Theory came out and started to make those broad statements or bold impro statements uh many of the clients of trauma therapists were basically had gotten the wrong message the message was of course you were in a fight or flight of course you just don't remember it as opposed to the true signal was that when the body goes into this shutting down defense it's a life-threat reaction and to in a sense respect and to honor what the body was doing so a survivor of of rape might have passed out but in passing out and not being oppositional and fighting it might have saved his or her life so we start to honor what the body is doing and not get angry at the body so the dissociate people used to get angry at their body for not fighting or fleeing as opposed to literally understanding this dance that the nervous system was doing to honor life to keep that individual alive many people struggle with contextualizing why that freeze response kicked in for them during a traumatic experience and some people uh are even dealing with the remnants of that kind of hyperactivation of hypoactivation um of that shutdown response in the present day and I'm wondering what do you think helps people both come to terms with that or deal with any of the residual um Cascade from that yeah okay so when the body shuts down the body's also vulnerable and sometimes if you pass out you can get injured it's not a priority to go to that that part unless this true life threat and if it's repeated life threat which some of these individuals have had in their own homes the nervous system adapts and adapts from moving from shutting down and passing out to freeze and then it may adapt and go into dissociation and each one of those stages is enabling the body to do more of its maintenance service of your organs so we start seeing these strategies of survival embedded in the nervous system as something that needs to be honored and not as a sense U uh embarrassed by so we start learning that everyone has this journey and some people's Journeys are more difficult but they have a nervous system who was their companion on it I'm going to is just make a couple side statements here and this kind of an interesting one okay I'm talking about the nervous system regulating visceral organs as being a major contribution to mental and physical health now from a polyal perspective it makes a lot of sense from a basic medical perspective which is end organ oriented meaning you go to a specialist looks at your organs they don't me Physicians do not have good tools to look at the nervous system regulation of organs so it just sits outside and it moves into an area that used to be call medically unexplained symptoms or functional medical disorders or functional neurological or functional GI disorders because the end organ doesn't show pathology yet so it's misunderstanding of the regulation of that organ polyval Theory sits in that space and says it all makes a lot of sense because the nervous system regulates these organs and the nervous system system is telling these organs that you're under a state of threat and when it does that it's blocks that n naturally occurring feedback loops between the brain and the organs that support the health growth and restoration of those organs we need to teach Physicians that what their responsibility they need to recruit the patient's nerist nervous system as a collaborator on a joint journey of healing and health so this is basically co-regulation polyvagal Theory now but it was the notion that if we understand the signaling of that nervous system that nervous system can be signaled not to be in defense constrict and block blood flow to the organs that need to be healed but literally can enable healing to occur you have to understand the signals that enable the nervous system to regulate its own organs so talking about those signals one of the distinction that you make that I think is really helpful for people is this distinction between feeling safe and being safe which is essentially our ability to perceive threats accurately in different kinds of ways uh we live in a world where we're not we are literally taught not to believe our feelings let's take the the child who has school refusal because his gut hurts now from a poly vagel Theory perspective that chronic gut pain because it's below the diaphragm is a signal of Life threat so in a sense his nervous system is detecting something of Life threat and the child is saying I can't go there it's too threatening to me and what does the supportive parents say oh don't worry you'll be you because the the protective parent has to work has to do their things and they basically minimize the signals that they're getting because our society doesn't enable able us to so the child then is brought to a GI specialist they start giving him certain drugs the drugs uh minimize the pain but block even more the neural feedback to those organs so you start getting another Cascade the the issue is uh there's a numbness that is occurring in our society does not support the acknowledgment that our bodies can tell us when we are in states of threat so the answer is if we're in states of threat like you were talking about going into the room if you went in with a friend or let's say you're younger you go with a parent the parent says you can hold by hand I'll walk you in here you can stay close to me and then over time you'll feel more comfortable if someone introduces you to someone so it's not like this uh I don't belong saying this you know you start creating relationships and suddenly the cues of vulnerability disappear and they're replaced with the enjoyment of the interaction so the the space has stayed the same most of other people's behavior has stayed the same but there was one little key variable switch that changed how you perceived what was going on your physiological State change and that goes back to the very beginning of our discussion and it changes that's where a co-regulatory person enables you to regulate your physiological state so you become the best that you are so Steve a lot of people out there do not have a um I'm trying to find the right language for this uh a really secure base other person who's going to be that reliable nervous system that they can just bounce off of to help them regulate their system get back to those experiences of safety whatever it might be they've got a tricky partner they've got tricky parents maybe they don't have a good therapist that they can rely on for one of a million different reasons you kind of see where I'm going here like how can we start to give this gift to ourselves maybe for lack of a better way of putting it I mean you're asking the hard question and the other question is a personal question how what was my journey and okay my journey uh took a lot of time uh because I had to figure out basically I had to figure out where I came from the part that we really want to emphasize is that self-awareness is where we kind of start discussion as well and I think this is important because when we talk about any form of therapy we talk about a journey of re-embodiment where we become comfortable within our own body with in polyal terms what we're really saying is that the feedback loops that nurture us are allowed to nurture us they're not being uh displaced by our defense shields that we need the energy to fight off Predator it's not Star Wars we can as identify threat we can deal with that then we can go to Safe places and allow our bodies to heal the safe places uh ideally require safe people but we there are things that you can modify on that journey and there are a lot of social mammals I'm talking about cats dogs and horses and there'll be a lot of people who are on your podcast who may have had a trauma history but they co-regulate with their pets and they trust their pets and their pets trust them and the point is that they have learned to literally claim their evolutionary Heritage and this is really the word I love to use is there evolutionary Heritage is to be safe in the presence of another appropriate mammal and for some people that appropriate mammal may not be humans let's put it in the in the most blatant blunt terms what enables people to be their creative self to be their loving self to be who they are what enables people to enable their core to shine as opposed to this protect themselves fearful quote they'll be discovered fearful that they're not good enough or fearful that their parents don't make enough money you know it's all these types of stuff labels that affect everyone and the the answer is it it's a it's a academics for me was a wonderful world because I was able to navigate into an area that I was actually redefining I was defining into my personal Journey and my personal Journey was to really understand the Human Experience if we really want to capture it so and it led me not only into the neurophysiology it led me into metrics to measure that neurophysiology but I have not discussed one important part of that journey I started to understand that we as social mles went on an evolutionary Journey so our journey which can actually be seen in our own own embryology is how the cells that control the Vegas from which the Vegas come comes from your brain St literally go on a embryological ventral Journey they migrate towards the front of the brain St from the back where they get engaged with the neurons that control the face the muscle the face and our voice this is a remarkable transition this is what enables mammals to communicate their physiological state to their C specifics how do you know Forest how do you know if you're talking to someone and that person is a hateful person an angry person or is that person a sweet engaging person how do you know now you've been on the microphone for several years now and you have a sense of how the hour will go and you have a sense of from the person's voice you have a sense of whether you'd like that person or is time almost done you yeah the answer is your body is responding to those cues now those cues are really accurate broadcasting of that person's physiological State and that is the secret the secret is that when we are in a sense when our physiolog is in a state of threat our voice reflects it our face reflects it and it and when we detect it we react to it that's an argument it's like how can you win an argument if someone is throwing threat cues at you and you react to those threat cues and you now s threat cues you lose all your resources of being a negotiator or being a problem solver I mean there's just so much here we could do you know several more hours of conversation on this team but I know that I've only got you for about 15 more minutes so um I I have to kind of make choices about what I asked you about a little bit here and so I'm going to kind of summarize a little bit and let me know what you think about this so you're emphasizing over and over again the role of safety in how we relate to other people how we live our lives you're talking about this uh complex sophisticated physiological system that we have in the body that helps us regulate ourselves um helps us interpret whether or not we are safe and then make choices based off of that safety experience maybe as a way to kind of talk about it if we uh feel like we're not safe we make certain kinds of choices if we feel that we are safe we make different choices and that even infiltrates our experience of the world altogether where you talk about in the book how people who are in a state of um more hyperactivation they they've got that lowgrade whether it's sympathetic activation or whatever else is going on for a long period of time they start interpreting situations very differently and then you talked a little bit about how we can start kind of giving ourselves this gift helping ourselves calm down slow down um deliberately drop into those more uh more ventral experiences maybe a way to put it there more relational experiences and some of the ways in for people who maybe they don't have the most secure base of other people around them but they've got a good pet they've got a they've got a good dog they've got a good cat maybe there are some circumstances in their life where they can have a little interception a little self-experience a little neuroception uh look inside and go you know I feel more comfortable here I feel a little bit safer here and this is what I start doing when I'm in those environments and maybe I can start kind of expanding the field of where I can be that way and then you know we get feedback from the world and we learn maybe that place isn't safe over there maybe I can't do that maybe I need to be a little bit more Discerning about where I apply that is that like a pretty fair summary here so far it's it's a great summary we can also add to it that there are certain tools you know what this is It's a kazoo Kazo okay one of the toolkits we have is slow exhalation because our ventral Vegas works during exhalation uh it starts to calm us down so the Kazo are there because to play Gazoo you have to Exhale so um so there are things that we can do we can take a a deep breath and exhale slowly and during that slow exhalation there's a calming effect of the Vagas it's like a vagal Nerf stimulator that caling this slows time up we get back into our body a little bit so people talk about breathing exercises as if it's out there in esoteric land it's not it's very physiological and if we want to get ourselves more anxious we take longer inhalations and rapid exhalations and we hyperventilate point is that we have to understand that we carry on board a set a toolkit another one that a lot of people use is top- down visualizations where they think of a very positiv event a moment in which they felt safe in the arms of another a picture of their loved ones something that puts a smile on their face and when they have that it's incompatible with the challenges they may be facing in reality so we can start learning in sense to play with our nervous system we know that our nervous systems Tech signals of threat but we know we can kind of attenuate some of those threat reactions with breath and certainly with some visualization asking about some specific exercises that people can do if you go on uh YouTube or Tik Tok or I don't know if you're on any of these platforms Steve but yeah probably not but I'm just telling you you're going to run into a million different videos of people uh talking about different vagus nerve exercises you can do for self- soothing a lot of those exercises that people do are things like gentle massage like kind of gently massaging yourself kind of beneath the ear something like that that um they're pretty surface level interventions along those lines my understanding is that most of the stuff that uh people do for direct Vegas nerve stimulation is either auditory like you were describing with the safe and sound protocol or there are some uh forms of electrical stimulation I've heard about that can stimulate the Vegas Nerf directly and I'm I'm wondering just to do a little like factchecking here are those kinds of surface level massages or interventions effective for people helpful you have a a a kind of a whole area which is called the Dow receptor area kateed the kateed sinus you can massage the neck so think about if you have a dog or a cat you'll do this when you do that to yourself it will be calming as well now there's another area the forehead you ever rubbed your forehead yeah sure totally yeah I got the lines there to prove it okay so the interesting part there is right below the surface of the skin is our sens uh sensory Pathways from the trigeminal nerve the tri nerve everyone knows about because when you go to a dentist they're kind of giving you the injection uh in your mouth so your face gets numb but this pathway is is also trigeminal but it goes to the area of the brain stem that I call the ventral Veo complex so even though it's a trigal nerve it functions very much like a vagal nerve stimulator so so there are a lot of things things that we've done historically like rubbing our our forehead rubbing our necks uh rocking which is a blood pressure bit and if we think about special needs kids are often rockers but what are they doing they're trying to regulate their physiological state so there are a lot of these are physiological reactions then of course there are people talk more Vim Hoff model where you put ice water that can trigger the dorsal Vegas and you can pass out so there issues yeah it affects the Vegas but you want to pass out so it's better to have a better understanding of your neurophysiology and there's there's nothing wrong with there are electrical stimulators that look like a electric razor that you put against your neck and it's quite effective and also just to add a layer to this if you're watching a video like that what do you kind of and you're doing a mirrored action with another person what are you doing kind of you're culating in a manner of speaking you know you have that that uh bit of relationality layered onto it you're soothing yourself your breathing's probably slowing down a little bit you're tuning into your body so in addition to the actual like uh physical stimulation of the nerve itself there's just all of this other stuff happening as well that's probably helping out well see when people ask me and they start using terms like hacking the Vegas I said forget it you're missing the point yeah we we came into this world with a very efficient veal nerve stimulator it's called sociality which is what you're describing so so our need for social nourishment is the same thing as saying I need deal stimulation the the idea is that it puts the puts the stimulation within a social context while we want to fix things outside of a social context and I think that's kind of dangerous in our world well Steve thank you so much for doing this with me today I think that's a great note to leave our conversation with just emphasizing once again the the importance of that relational aspect of this whole thing well thank you for us enjoyed talking to you I had a great time talking with Dr Steven porges today about the poly vagel Theory and his new book poly vagel World Steve offered a brief summary of poly vagal Theory at the beginning of the conversation and we referred to the physiology a few times throughout but I thought it might be helpful to go into a bit more detail here at the end of the conversation polyal Theory starts with the Vegas nerve the longest and most complex of the cranial nerves that connect the brain to the body body it's what allows the brain to regulate the body's visera including the heart lungs and the gastrointestinal tract and the Vegas nerve has two Source nuclei this is the nucleus ambiguous and the dorsal motor nucleus these two nuclei are connected to two separate but related vagal systems that serve these different evolutionary purposes and poly vagal Theory can really be summarized as the view that these two vagal systems are programmed with different kinds of response strategies what do we do in response to stress most of the cells in the dorsal vagal complex connects with the stomach and the intestines then on the other hand most of the cells in the ventral vagal complex connect with structures located above the diaphragm and then related to these nerve systems is the sympathetic nervous system as a whole which is a system of mobilization allows the body to adapt to stress by activating the fight or flight response and poly vagal Theory suggests that our responses to stress are dictated at least in part by these three systems when we enter a dorsal vagal state in response to stress we tend to freeze or shut down and an example of this might be dissociating during a particularly challenging conversation with a romantic partner then when we enter a more sympathetic State we move to fight or flight the heartbeat Rises and maybe we start to perspire a little bit and then when we're in a ventral vagal State and this is really important we're able to stay in relationship with other people the VVC that's the ventral veel complex is connected to our social engagement system which includes things like the muscles that control our facial expressions and according to poly veel theory co-regulation is the reciprocal sending and receiving of signals of safety when we co-regulate our social engagement system signals the people were around that the environment is safe and that we can stay in this ventral vle system without without entering one of the body's two threat response systems that's again the dorsal vagus and then the sympathetic nervous system and a key Point here is that each of these three systems are adaptive they're all serving a different kind of purpose in response to different kinds of threats we've got the dorsal Vagas that shuts us down and conserves energy the sympathetic system that's what allows us to mobilize up and run away and then we have the ventral Vega which is about that social connection system which helped us survive in our small groups of people and kept our ancestors alive hundreds of thousands of years ago each of these systems has a purpose but the first two of them the dorsal Vagas and the sympathetic system have a lot of consequences for our body when they're activated over long periods of time so to summarize my summary here when we experience ourselves as being in a safe environment the ventral vagal complex and related experiences of social engagement and connection become more accessible to us when we feel like there could be some kind of danger or the environment is perceived as unsafe the sympathetic nervous system is more likely to be activated alongside related experiences of either excitement or stress and then when our life feels like it's truly being threatened we're experiencing some other kind of traumatic event the dorsal vagal system is more likely to move us into mobilization and Association so how does the body determine which of these systems we should be using in different situations our nervous system is constantly taking in sensory information from both the external environment and from inside our own bodies and then it evaluates the risk that we're exposed to based on this sensory information and Dr poror just coined the term neuroception to describe how this process happens and how our body determin detes whether a situation is safe or dangerous or even lifethreatening for a person one of the big problems here is that the experiences that we have change our ability to perceive the situations we're in and this is why people who' have been in difficult situations or have experienced trauma often have a hard time perceiving environments as safe even if they seem perfectly fine to another person then layered on top of that signals of safety themselves can be really threatening to someone and this was such a cool part of the conversation with Steve many of the things that happen to people happen to them in environments they perceive as safe their homes their family situations uh the places where we feel like we should be able to let our guard down so if you're somebody who's had those experiences who's walking around in a state of constant vigilance safety signals themselves become threatening because why would I show my vulnerable belly to you when only bad things have happened when I did that in the past and that took us into a conversation focused on reparative experiences what are the things that can help us soothe these bodily systems and how can we apply our knowledge of them to help us in a variety of different ways and Steve focused here on the importance of safe relationships as the way in to accessing the ventral Vegas this could be a relationship with another person or it could be a relationship with another animal like a wonderful pet he also talked about the importance of self-awareness and Inception getting better at tuning into the body's Sensations and being aware of its needs and then we talked about some specific strategies these are could be meditative practices deep breathing listening to calming sounds or music even just rocking the body back and forth anything that helps you experience safety and comfort and then particularly anything that helps you experience co-regulation with another nervous system we also talked briefly at the end about various forms of direct vagal nerve stimulation including some of the Vagas nerve exercises that are often shared on places like YouTube or Tik Tok and particularly the role that all of the other stuff plays in these exercises you're mirroring somebody you're watching on the video so there's a feeling of relationship maybe you're slowing your breathing down you're being conscious of your body you're taking care of your needs all of these things just help us feel good in addition to whatever is going on with the uh massage or stimulation that's happening itself all of these other things are a piece of the puzzle too I hope you enjoyed today's conversation with Dr Steve porges again his new book is poly vagel World which he wrote with his son Seth if you've been enjoying the conversation for a while we'd appreciate it if you would take a moment to subscribe to it wherever you're listening or watching now uh that might be on YouTube maybe that's in your podcast feed maybe it's on Spotify hey wherever you subscribe to it sounds great to me if you'd like to support us in other ways you can find us on patreon it's patreon.com bewell podcast and for just a few dollars a month you can support the show and you'll get a bunch of bonuses in return until next time thanks for listening and I'll talk to you soon [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @soulsGoSolo [1 likes]: this is why psychopaths are numb- most have incurred atrocious trauma early on and shut off their Heart. the Heart is key!
  2. @ericacortis1905 [1 likes]: I would have loved to hear him talk more about what to do when the child with the gut response to going to school is feeling that way. As a mom or parent, how do we help them not dismiss their own feelings and how do we proceed? This has been such a sticking point for me in my own journey, since I WAS indeed that kid with gut issues going to school and now I still am an adult with gut issues - but particularly get the gut symptoms whenever I lean into homeschooling my kids as a way to honor their feelings and needs better. I feel like I’m stuck. Would so love to chat about this more!
  3. @nathanwilson4506: Dr. Porges, it’s not okay what you did to me. It’s not okay that you ran ekg tests on me without my knowledge at wake med hospital. It’s not okay that you use humans as lab rats. You have no idea the damage you caused. I pray for you.
  4. @energyangel8: nice interview!
  5. @bryannaweigel9581: Love your channel and your father! You both are very special
  6. @TrueSelfWalkAway: To learn about pets was wonderful.
  7. @KerryClarke-b5j1o: Thank you - this was extremely valuable information and has helped me to understand the connection of the vagus nerve and my physical body.
  8. @cassy610: When We LACK A SOLUTION N CONTROL ... grab the animals ! Seriously ???
  9. @maryzen44: very useful 
information, thank you
  10. @jeannyyy_98: Amazing interviewer!!!
  11. @monadelahookeph.d.1289: Beautiful interview Forrest! Thank you
  12. @debanjanmondalphysio: A huge thank you to Dr. Stephen Porges for the Polyvagal Theory — a brilliant contribution that helps us understand why safety heals, why connection matters, and how the body tells its story. Your work inspires us every day.
  13. @kaoriinthenetherlands: I appreciate all of you. Rick Hanson, Dr. Porges, and Russ Harris are my favorite people! They helped(and are helping) so many people. and humanity
  14. @Susan_7311: Loved that thank you ❤
  15. @leadingNALNIII: Dorsal vagal that shut down and conserves energy 
Sns that allows us to mobilize run away  by producing adrenaline 
Ventral vagal the social connection system
  16. @leadingNALNIII: Forhead message 
Tonsil massage 
Rocking 
Diaphragm breathing slow inahle exhale ..
  17. @patulilla: I actually took notes of this interview!!! This was fantastic. I have observed these phenomenons in myself and others. I suffered/suffer from CPTSD, I am regaining my body. I have realized that relaxed people kind of move around, do small movements with their body and that I am Ssoooo stiff. I look riddiculous in videos because compared to the others I look like a statue. Even if I'm "ok" I can see that I am kind of shutting down. I have gained awareness, but I can't move naturally, I still don't know how!!!

Anyway, I have made fair advances in my quest to be chill and leave CPTSD behind. I went from dissociating almost 100% of the time to being present, no more nightmares and all that. It has taken me around 4 years to advance up to this point.
  18. @oliverhaar2168: ❤
  19. @Neemdna: 🎉wow wow🎉Forrest has a talent. I tried so many podcasts I love Forrest summaries better than AI. He turns every point as a practical usable wisdom. Better than the original books which I have no time go through 🎉Forrest 🙏 💕 from Kenya.
  20. @SuzanneBernadette-kf1zv: Very helpful. And I’ve been in therapy many years until we realized I suffer from past trauma. I learned so much in this that I can start to apply.
❤ Thank you both.

- Polyvagal Theory Explained Simply: Kind: captions Language: en - Today, I'm gonna answer the question, what is Polyvagal Theory? So it seems like basically every conversation that I've been having over the past couple of years around pain, stress, tension, horses, has somehow circled back around to this concept, to this Polyvagal Theory. And today I'm going to give you a simple explanation of how Polyvagal Theory is related to how we store stress in our bodies and what you need to know about it, why you need to know about it, and again, I'm gonna keep it really simple. (upbeat music) Hey, beautiful humans. I'm Sukie Baxter, founder of Whole Body Revolution, where I help you to rewire yourself for greater health, happiness, and success, by breaking the pattern of pain, stress, and tension in your body and in your life. If you're new here, make sure you click that subscribe button and hit the bell to get notified every time I release a new video and anything that I mention in this video you can find linked in the description box below. Let's get into it. Okay. So what is this Polyvagal Theory with all of these big words and why do you need to know about it? Let's just start with the word. So Polyvagal Theory, poly means many, vagal comes from the word for your Vagus Nerve. Your Vagus Nerve is a very long nerve that wanders throughout the body. And that's how it got its name because Vagus comes from the Latin word for wonder or so they tell me. I don't know, I don't speak Latin, but I trust them. So Polyvagal Theory means many and then vagal nerve and then theory. Right? So what does that actually mean? Well, Polyvagal Theory came about, it was developed by a man by the name of Stephen Porges, and he really revolutionized how we saw our body's stress response, how we process stress in our bodies. Before Stephen Porges developed his theory, stress was really seen from a binary standpoint. So it was either stressed or not stressed. It was on, or it was off. Something would happen, it would stimulate your stress response, it would mobilize you, you would take care of it, you would go into what they call fight or flight, you've probably heard of this and you would dispatch the threat and then when the threat had passed, you would go back into what they would call your rest and digest system. And it was a bit like a light switch. So it's on or off, on or off. There wasn't really a lot of nuance there, it was stressed or not stressed. And this is actually what a lot of our stress management theories and practices that you'll come across in pop culture in basically modern personal development spheres are based on is this idea of not being in that stressed place. What Stephen Porges figured out was that it's a lot more nuanced than that. And he discovered that we actually have multiple states of stress or multiple states of nervous system activation really, almost like circuitry that runs us. So the three different states that he found are, Ventral Vagal, social engagement, sympathetic activation. and Dorsal Vagal shutdown. Now don't get too hung up on those words. I know they're kind of big and complex but the words aren't nearly as important as what they mean. I'm gonna explain that now, and it's actually pretty simple. So Ventral Vagal social engagement is exactly what it sounds like. Social engagement. It's the place in our nervous system. It's the state in which we are able to connect and relate to other people. I actually did a whole video on co-regulation. So I will link to that in the description box below which talks about social engagement and how we regulate our nervous systems based on our connection to other people. And the social engagement circuitry is part of how that functions. So when you're present with another person you should be able to connect with them, feel empathy for them, interpret their facial expressions in a, an accurate way. And you also should have access to things like joy, playfulness, love, connection. Like I said, so Ventral Vagal is a place where we are present with ourselves, present with other people, we're in the now moment, and we feel safe, secure, and generally pretty good. This is the happy place. Moving down one step, so I'm kind of looking at this from a Polyvagal ladder standpoint, which comes from the work of Deb Dana. And she wrote a book called the "Polyvagal Theory in Therapy." I'll link to that as well in the description box below if you wanna check that out. So from her Polyvagal ladder standpoint, if we go down the ladder one rung now we've got sympathetic activation. Sympathetic activation is what you probably associate with stress. This is a state of mobilization. It's where you want to get up and run or you wanna get up and fight something off. It's where you wanna take action. You are motivated to dispatch the threat whatever that threat may be. It's also correlated with tension, feeling chaotic, frenzied, anxiety, all of those sort of hyperactive states that we tend to classically associate with the general concept of stress. You're gonna find those in sympathetic activation. Sympathetic activation is also the place where you get a lot of locked up muscles around your back. So this is really important and when I'm talking to people who are dealing with pain, this is really a big deal because the sympathetic nerve ganglia the actual physical Sympathetic Nervous System which evolved about 400 million years ago in terms of human mammalian evolution, it resides a long the front of your spine. And when it is activated, the back muscles, your back muscles will tend to be very tight and very rigid. So what I have found in working with people who have chronic back tension that doesn't seem to be affected by stretching, massage, foam rolling, all of the usual suspects is that downregulating or not necessarily down-regulate, I'm gonna talk about the next step down the rung but basically regulating the nervous system bringing you out of sympathetic threat and into that more Ventral Vagal social engagement state, where we discharge the activation of the Sympathetic Nervous System, that tends to have a very powerful effect on releasing the tension in those back muscles. It's not just back muscles that are related but it's commonly found, at least I have commonly found that to be correlated to issues of chronic back tension. So just something to note there if you're someone who's dealing with a lot of discomfort, pain, tension, I talk to a lot of people for whom stretching doesn't work. They say, "Every time I do my stretches it feels like the very first time I've done my stretches. It never gets any better." This is why. So moving down that Polyvagal ladder one more rung, now we are in what's called Dorsal Vagal Shutdown. So remember at the top we have Ventral Vagal social engagement, ventral means front. So that is the branch of your Vagus Nerve that's more towards the front of your body, and Dorsal Vagal is the branch that's more towards the rear. Now the dorsal branch of your Vagus Nerve, this part of your nervous system evolved about 500 million years ago. So it's about a hundred million years older than your Sympathetic Nervous System and your ventral branch is really only about 200 million years old. So that, that ability of us to be social and connected and engaged and present that ability to regulate stress in that way is about This shutdown response, 500 million years old. So it's a much more primal part of us. And what Dorsal Vagal shutdown means, is you could say it's similar to playing possum. It's a place of immobilization. This can show up in two ways. So one is a state of collapse where a person just (blowing) kind of has no agency, they're a bit flacid. I find that Dorsal Vagal shutdown is related often to states of hyper mobility. So people who have hypermobile joints often have little bits of this shutdown in their nervous system. Not always, there are some health conditions that are related to hypermobile joints as well but this can be a piece of that. And the other way that this plays out is in a freeze response. So where you get a bit petrified and you're just unable to mobilize, you're unable to take any action. You feel kind of stuck. So now where sympathetic is related to that chaotic frenzied anxiety state of stress, Dorsal Vagal shutdown is much more correlated with feelings of lethargy, despondency, inability to self-motivate, hopelessness, shame, a lack of feeling capable, a lack of feeling any agency, all of those more heavy sedated, moving through molasses stuck at a bottom of a well kinds of emotions. That's where you're going to find those is in this shutdown response. So these are basically the three different states that we can have. Now I broke that down very simply, it is a little bit more complex than that. So when you're in sympathetic activation, what happens is that from a health standpoint, your body cannot sustain that for a prolonged period of time. You've got so much adrenaline running, you've got so much cortisol flooding your system, and eventually your heart would just explode if you stayed in sympathetic activation all the time. Now let's think about modern life for a second. Stresses are unrelenting. We have things that just go on for years and years, we have our jobs stress, we have things like traffic living in busy cities, just the environment that we're in can be really chaotic. So there's a lot of stressors that biologically, remember, these systems are 500, 400 million years old. Biologically, these systems didn't evolve for modern life and this stress that just kind of keeps coming and coming and coming, what happens is you and also it compounds, right? So not only do you have your job, you have your kids and you have, you know, your mother broke her hip and there's, you know, societal stresses and culturals and all of these layers and layers and layers of stress. It's not just like, not just the tiger, you know, if we were living out on the Serengeti it's not just the tiger that's chasing you. And it's like all of these other things on top of it. So these unrelenting compounded stresses put us into that sympathetic activation even if it's just slightly, even if it's just a moderate activation, over a prolonged period of time, that actually will become dangerous to your health. And so your body in a self-preservation in an act of self preservation, uses that Dorsal Vagal shutdown to modulate your sympathetic activation. So your sympathetic rises, right? Activated, activated, and your body's like, "We can't sustain this, we need to put a cap on it." So people will often have this like ball of sympathetic activation and then on top of it, a bit like a pressure cooker, is that Dorsal Vagal going, "No, we can't sustain this for a long period of time." So they can appear very calm. So if you've ever met someone who just seems like really, really chill, like really tranquil, like a little overly tranquil, and you get this sort of uneasy feeling when you're around them, that is often this hidden or capped Sympathetic Nervous System response. The other way that this can show up is in sudden bursts of anger, outbursts of anger, or strong emotion. Definitely observed this in people in my life, friends, family, and definitely clients. So sometimes what happens is that we have that ball of sympathetic activation and this modulating response here and that sympathetic gets pushed a little harder and we get explosive. Because remember that ladder, Ventral Vagus at the top and we have sympathetic in the middle and Dorsal Vagal shutdown at the bottom, a lot of times if someone is in that Dorsal Vagal that shut down playing possum immobilized state, when you start to up their energy a little bit, or you push them a little bit, they move through that sympathetic. They don't just jump over it and go into the Ventral Vagal. So sometimes these things are playing together. So it's, again, it's not a binary state as stress was seen before, but more of this concert, and it can be even more nuanced than that. You can have all three of these somewhat active in your system at various times. So this is a pretty simple overview of Polyvagal Theory but I wanna make sure it's making sense. So if you're still with me, give me a like on this video and comment yes below so that I know that we are tracking here and this is kidding across the way that I am wanting it to. So why is it important to understand Polyvagal Theory and understand these stress states and how does it relate to issues like pain and stress and tension in your body? Well, obviously it's how we process stress, as I mentioned a couple of times and I talked a little bit about how sympathetic activation can be related to those tight muscles. The fact of the matter is that being in either of these activated states, the sympathetic or the constitutes a survival state in your body. There's an action of self-preservation happening in your nervous system. And being in these states will sensitize you to pain. It also changes how you see the world. So the world suddenly becomes really threatening. And this has been shown. So your hearing will actually shift to tune into low frequency sounds like the growls of a predator. Things like neutral facial expressions will start to look more angry and aggressive, even though there's no anger or aggression coming at you. It just totally changes how you perceive your reality and reality, as we know, reality is perception. So the world starts to look really dangerous. What that means on a neurological level is that your brain starts to interpret input as really dangerous which means that sensory stimulation that shouldn't be painful will be interpreted as painful by your brain. It also really caps your performance. In life, in your body and in your life. So from an athletic standpoint, if you're dealing with these dysregulated states, you don't have as much energy available for performance, your body's not replenishing itself because when you're in these nervous system states, it's for example, in sympathetic, your body's not really focused on digesting and assimilating your food because it's much more important to get away from something that's going to kill you. Basically, if you're running away from a serial killer, it's not really important to digest your lunch. And on an ongoing basis, this can impair your digestive function, it can impair your physical recovery, but it also impairs your mental performance, your cognitive performance, your ability to connect to other people. Remember that Ventral Vagal state is social engagement. If you're in your or your Dorsal Vagal shutdown, and people are looking really threatening, how do you think you're going to relate to your partner? How do you think you're going to relate to groups of people? How do you think you're going to relate to your business colleagues, your team, right? So if everything is relationship for people, and we are relationship creatures, and then being in these stress states makes it really difficult to cultivate powerful, strong, heartfelt, authentic, for lack of a better word, relationships with people. So on every level it's affecting us, physical health, emotional health, mental health. Now I wanna be really, really clear here. This is not about changing your thoughts. This is not about changing your beliefs. There's a lot of really great programs and books and things like that around becoming aware of yourself, becoming aware of your patterns, becoming aware of what has influenced or shaped you. I think those are valuable insights but they're mostly up here. This is really physiology. Remember these branches of your nervous system are 400 million years old, They don't know language exists. You can't have a rational conversation with them. The way that we access them is through your physical body, through physical sensation, through practices that interrupt and disrupt these neural processes to bring you back to that state of social engagement. So the first thing that I recommend that you do is start to become aware of what state you're in and how your body is responding to certain contexts because this is going on all the time beneath your conscious awareness. So even if you don't really feel like there's a thing in your life to be stressed about maybe things are pretty good, you can have stress states in your body. We learn these, we inherit them. Like I said, go check out that video on co-regulation to learn how it's not just about your nervous system but how we balance our on other people. And so that can influence the state of your nervous system. So starting to become aware is the first step. If you want some help with that, go ahead and check out my "Pain Free At Any Age" video series, I talk about Polyvagal Theory in that video series and I give you some worksheets and tools to start to become aware and start to actually down regulate any states of activation or to regulate any states of activation 'cause sometimes we are upregulating as well that are frozen in your body. So you can click the link on your screen to go check out the "Pain Free At Any Age" video series I'll also link to it in If you found this explanation of Polyvagal Theory helpful and clear, please give it a like, if you didn't give it a dislike, I'd love to know that too. And leave me a comment below with any questions you have on this, any insights, let me know what was the most powerful thing for you. Thanks so much for watching, before you go make sure you subscribe and click the bell so you get notified every time I release a new video and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SukieBaxter: An update, five years on: the science around Polyvagal Theory has changed, and so has my position on it. My current thoughts are in the video here: https://youtu.be/8Hnt63q5Q-k

Short version: body-based work still stands, but the exact mechanism behind it is still a mystery.
  2. @ruthless9604: Ta.
  3. @aciddiver1978: 4:13 havent felt joy for decades.
  4. @curtenstrom9703: Yes
  5. @annmarie419: Yes. Thank you. So challenging to navigate what is unknown.
  6. @katushka2ushka: Yes
  7. @kyleewilliams99x: I am super glad I came across this video . Yes you have explained this perfectly Sukie. I will be watching all of your videos . Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us all.
  8. @LizCarmichael-l9i: Yes
  9. @paulgrady4183: I can't find your pain free at any age series. Can you help please 🙏
  10. @krisblizzard9964: Yes
  11. @deborahbrown6929: Gotcha so far
  12. @JeremySayers38: It is Karenitis!!!! A gassed up mid in fake-up!!!!! She ain't got no hymen or husband and wants yours !!!!
  13. @hilariaashipala7768: Yes
  14. @amkaplan: Hi Sukie, Excellent summary of Porges's theory.  Now I'm ready to go watch why it's dead!  Don't be a stranger!  Cheers, Allan
  15. @staudingerk: Great details. Thank you!
  16. @Blacklyteshow: YES!
  17. @ReneeLamshed-z3g: Thankyou so much. I’m a therapist trying to get my head around this. You’ve helped me a lot.
  18. @joecaz: Awesome!
  19. @nancywoelfer3206: yes
  20. @AlfonsoGarcíaWilliams: Yes 😊

- Polyvagal Theory explained. This will change your life forever.: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome my name is Matthias rentec I&nbsp; will introduce you in the next couple of minutes&nbsp;&nbsp; to the polyvagal theory developed by dr. Stephen&nbsp; Portis this is a picture of the trial autonomic&nbsp;&nbsp; nervous system this system is structured as a&nbsp; hierarchy it is a down regulation system from&nbsp;&nbsp; the top to the bottom based on cues of safety or&nbsp; danger the top system is the one that we recruit&nbsp;&nbsp; first the social engagement system the social&nbsp; engagement system is responsible for controlling&nbsp;&nbsp; breaths heartbeat facial expression and voice&nbsp; there are two main functions in this top-down&nbsp;&nbsp; system one function is under conditions of stress&nbsp; where we are not feeling safe the other is under&nbsp;&nbsp; normal conditions where we feel safe safety here&nbsp; is relative what is safe for one can be lethal&nbsp;&nbsp; for another and vice versa based on individual&nbsp; experience the nervous system is using a feature&nbsp;&nbsp; called new reception to detect danger of threats&nbsp; and the depth itself to the environment if our&nbsp;&nbsp; new reception signals our potential threat the&nbsp; first reaction is to operate within the social&nbsp;&nbsp; engagement system and communicate if communication&nbsp; doesn't bring the body back to a sense of safety&nbsp;&nbsp; the next level the sympathetic nervous system is&nbsp; activated the flight response this is a signal to&nbsp;&nbsp; get out of the situation leave or run if this&nbsp; isn't an option the fight response takes over&nbsp;&nbsp; to defend or fight back the sympathetic nervous&nbsp; system recruits all features of physical movement&nbsp;&nbsp; of the torso and the limbs if this does not create&nbsp; safety or if the situation escalates or becomes&nbsp;&nbsp; deadly the nervous system detects a life threat&nbsp; and the parasympathetic nervous system is getting&nbsp;&nbsp; activated with features of immobilization this&nbsp; is the free spawns which is automatically taking&nbsp;&nbsp; over this includes dissociation fainting&nbsp; and shock in other stressful and dangerous&nbsp;&nbsp; situation between social engagement system and&nbsp; sympathetic arousal protective and defensive&nbsp;&nbsp; behaviors are expressed such as negotiation&nbsp; appeasement survival oppression denial lying&nbsp;&nbsp; manipulation control and passive aggressiveness&nbsp; it is here important to note that all of these&nbsp;&nbsp; states are well functioning survival mechanisms&nbsp; that operate involuntary to bring us back into&nbsp;&nbsp; a state of safety or to keep us from feeling&nbsp; pain in the face of death however under normal&nbsp;&nbsp; conditions where we feel safe our nervous system&nbsp; operates in a connecting way through features&nbsp;&nbsp; such as face to face engagement eye contact and&nbsp; a soothing or melodic voice when we are safe and&nbsp;&nbsp; connected we can engage in activities like work&nbsp; sport dancing yoga sex or art it is here where&nbsp;&nbsp; pleasure and physical connection are possible&nbsp; this safe place of sympathetic arousal is called&nbsp;&nbsp; mobilization when we have exhausted ourselves&nbsp; the body can fall into a place of immobilization&nbsp;&nbsp; where we experience rest and rejuvenation here&nbsp; is the place for deep relaxation and ecstatic&nbsp;&nbsp; stages through meditation sexual engagement and&nbsp; sleep and this parasympathetic state our system&nbsp;&nbsp; can rest in the most exquisite way depending on&nbsp; the situation and environment the nervous system&nbsp;&nbsp; can change and shift from one state to another&nbsp; demonstrated by the arrows this is where different&nbsp;&nbsp; types of therapy and healing methods can help to&nbsp; restore the body-mind connection and create health&nbsp;&nbsp; rejuvenation and healthy relationship to self&nbsp; and others last but not least where my focus of&nbsp;&nbsp; attention goes is on the safe side of the nervous&nbsp; system between social engagement system and&nbsp;&nbsp; mobilization here is a hybrid state where features&nbsp; of play sensuality and sexuality are accessible&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the only part in the nervous system where&nbsp; these states are possible this is a place where&nbsp;&nbsp; the wheel of consent from Betty Martin fits in&nbsp; which is a way to create clear verbal agreements&nbsp;&nbsp; that establish a sense of safety and connection&nbsp; in particular it is about physical action and&nbsp;&nbsp; clear dynamics between giving and receiving&nbsp; thank you for watching please subscribe for&nbsp;&nbsp; more follow the next video comment in the section&nbsp; below and give a thumb up if you like what I do

  Top Comments:
  1. @davekrug5465 [10 likes]: Polyvagal theory recently has been the most enlightening and practical framework I've learned to-date. The irony of this is that individuals with autonomic dysfunction (not knowing it) will seek treatments from doctors for their individual symptoms while the systematic and insidious root cause of those symptoms may be autonomic dysfunction (from trauma most often rooted in childhood trauma, emotional neglect, and other stressful adverse experiences). This may be a game changer for some.
  2. @DeepAwareness7 [4 likes]: Hi from Egypt Matthias 

Your clarity, simplicity and efforts is changing lives thousands of miles away ! 

I'm benefitting from work to raise awareness of leaders in high risk industries in the Middle East 

Your work and dedication is hight appreciated and please keep inspiring us
  3. @alanhodgetts [2 likes]: Great video and awesome diagram explanations … 👍👍👍👍👍👍
  4. @miamonroe4431 [1 likes]: Can you explain a bit more about which is the dorsal and which is the vagus branch. I loved this video, so helpful. I would love a copy of the final image though!
  5. @KathrynDavison [1 likes]: Terrific summary!
  6. @shelleyharrison3065 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  7. @dennisrawlings2907 [1 likes]: Love it. Please present more
  8. @SaleemRanaAuthor [1 likes]: That was the best explanation I have come across. It's amazing what happens when you diagram it. Suddenly everything becomes clear. My understanding of the polyvagal system had been fairly good, but your diagram helped me understand it even better.
  9. @willmurphy6663 [1 likes]: Very clear indeed.....
  10. @matthiasschwenteck3351: For more details please visit:
https://somaticconsent.com/academy/
  11. @sebastianjakobsen548: Maybe i dont understand it, but  is this not just the nervous system explained?
  12. @synappticuser7296: The explanation given here is very relatable, thank you.🌟🧡😊
  13. @colag30: Bravo!
  14. @bodymindflower: the original theory talks about hierarchy of the levels, based on what did you draw all these arrows?
  15. @rosiemckinney1061: Excellent!
  16. @danpatterson6937: That was a very well created instruction of a very complex system of human characteristics.
Thank you.
  17. @justme9818: I'm well aware of, but not versed in, the polyvagal theory. I appreciate you even more now I've read all the comments! Thank you!
  18. @davspa6: Agree with others.  I am just starting to study the polyvagal theory; this video breaks complexity of Porges' theory down to be easily understandable, with the graphics  and the way you presented.  Especially where you started at the peak with the higher level choice, and divided it into safe and unsafe, and listed the various unsafe methods that combine green and yellow.  That was especially helpful for me; now I can remember that list and know immediately if I am practicing one of the hybrid methods on the left side.  

I am starting to understand from watching your video and a couple of his, that the issue is not something outside of me making me do this, but that certain states are being triggered in me.  So in such a case I need to be able to respond from more healthy state.
  19. @dra.lauracalderondelabarca9959: Great video, Matthias! I would love to translate it to Spanish. Let me know if that would be of interest to you, or if someone else already has. Best wishes, keep up the good work!
  20. @uschi3932: Wie kommt man aus einer  chronischen dorsalen Vagus Starre und gleichzeitig  einem ständig erhöhten Sympathikus ? Diese speziellen Vagus Augenbewegungen haben nicht geholfen .

- POLYVAGAL THEORY EXPLAINED -Stephen Porges PHD #5: Kind: captions Language: en mental and physical illness are the same and that's where we have to start what is it to be a human and this is really where polyvagal theory finally led me and that it was that to be a human was to be socially connected with others to be able to trust someone of your species [Music] hello everybody and welcome back to chasing consciousness today we're going to be talking about the neuroscience of safety and how our sense of safety can be hugely important to the way we communicate and learn research shows that when we perceive threat we go into a hyper vigilance state and certain circuits of the brain shut down in some way to focus on self-protection so my feeling is that if we can be aware of this as it's happening we can not only use certain tools to mediate it but we can also help others that we're communicating with not end up in that state because of us so today we are extremely lucky to go straight to the horse's mouth so to speak of this research speaking with dr stephen porges dr porges is the founding director of the traumatic stress research consortium at indiana university he is professor of psychiatry at the university of north carolina and professor emeritus at both the university of illinois uh at chicago and the university of maryland so very experienced professor he's published more than 300 peer-reviewed papers across many many disciplines and today we're going to be speaking a lot about his polyvagal theory i think from 1994 um a theory that links the evolution of the mammalian autonomic nervous system to social behavior and this theory is leading to innovative treatments based on insights into the mechanisms operating in several behavioral psychiatric and physical disorders also particularly interested in the fact that he has created a safe and sound protocol which currently is used by more than 1 400 therapists to improve spontaneous social engagement to reduce hearing sensitivities and to improve language processing and state regulation and of course he is also the author of several books which we'll be mentioning in the interview some for a more specialist readership but also some for people like myself uh who are looking to get their head around this without any specialist neuroscience technology so i cannot wait i'm so excited this is one of the most important interviews i think of this first series although they're all so important so without further ado let's go dr stephen porges welcome to chasing consciousness and thank you so much for taking the time out to join us how are you i'm doing fine today and thank you freddie for inviting me it's a pleasure to be online with you this morning it is uh quite an extraordinary story the story of your career you're not at all an average neurobiologist i'm so curious about scientists personal journey and so i really like to start with actually with childhood and with those first ideas that may have influenced your choice you know as you came to the end of your youth were there any ideas those first big philosophical questions that just gripped you that you just felt you had to answer well i mean the answer can go in many many different directions so at the story you can come up with different narratives this is the beauty of one's life is that you try to describe it you try to make a narrative that's meaningful from it and what you're doing really is justifying your passion and your motivation um so there's a dualism in terms of how i would view my my world and who i am and i actually will go back not just to my childhood i'll go to who my parents were and where their journey brought them and who their relatives were and their survival as you know we're going to talk a little transgenerational trauma as immigrants come from different countries they come and they bring their personal stories who are they so my father came his family came from czechoslovakia austria-hungary uh that came from outside of bratislava so they came over but a lot of the characteristics of the uh central europeans who came to us uh at the turn of the century turn of the of the 20th century uh they had a lot of i would say german uh strategies in life very concrete very organized more of an engineering model it wasn't about feelings it was about appearances it was more object oriented and less uh let's say visceral in the world are godly feelings my mother's family came from eastern europe and it's the total opposite since they were had difficulty in owning objects they became in a sense a more spiritually oriented and more intellectually oriented and so it's an interesting merger of two different philosophies of life one is basically uh suck it up and survive and thrive you know which is you know not so far off from an english model by puritanical i was just going to say yeah i grew up with those kind of protestant values absolutely and and this eastern european which is uh uh life with misery is life itself you know it's like uh you know it's whether you're reading duskieski or any of those issues it's like suffering is the journey and the pathway of living versus uh suffering is not even to be mentioned so you have this dualism of in a sense different attributes of being embodied let me go there because we're going to get there so at some point so one in a sense more of an intellectual narrative and one more of a uh let's use the term uh as a less uh a respect for feelings or an in empowerment of feelings of self-pain and complaining and those types of issues so you have a very interesting dialectic which did not lead to i would say a understanding of each spouse with each other because they didn't you know people didn't talk about the transgenerational uh trauma that they brought with them into the marriage they talk about how they survive in this new emerging culture so the background comes from there so i was this kind of curious guy uh with again this dualism this uh uh you know being very objective and being able to deconstruct and solve puzzles and being you know uh mathematically or quantitatively would be a better word precocious um and you know very you know good enough in many things and then this other part of me which was more of this uh a conceptualizer daydreamer so you have a deconstruction on one side and you have a uh global big theory uh models of the world and the other and that was basically my life and it was i the journey if you really want to uh get to the personal one is i i used to wonder what's inside people's heads i mean it was as simple as that what can we learn about another person not by the words they're saying but how they say their words how their faces work how their postures work and suddenly you start seeing polyvagal theory come out from that insane who are interested in the way people embody uh what's going on inside in their head right from the beginning yeah well because there's such a disconnect you see the gestures you see the facial expression you see the dismissiveness and of people or marginalization of others uh while using words like you know positive words but not words not in a way that you trust them and feel that you're being welcomed and we've all experienced that and we live in this world which is uh uh cortical centric and cognitive centric and it basically says what you feel is not important it's not important in your survival and it's not important in creating the uh we're going to get to this the platform the neuro physiological platform so you can be bold and creative so we have this paradox working in our lives and that is our bodies are not acknowledged meaning our physiological responses yet we're basically have these demands that our brain should be available to solve all these problems without understanding that the accessibility of certain neural pathways in the brain are totally dependent upon the physiological state you're in is your body safe or is it under a state of threat is something as simple as that if your body is in their state of threat you can't access certain areas of their brain it just doesn't work this is something that i i can't wait to get into uh because it relates to some other evolutionary theories that uh that i know are also in question so i just cannot wait to get there the part is that we're not going to get to the intellectual part unless we as a species unless we're respectful of what the body needs so in a sense we have this separation in our nervous system of a system that detects threat and shifts our bodily state and that feeds back and affects how our brain works meaning can we access these complicated areas and so we have this separation of a we have a dependency on our physiological state for who we are our ability to connect to be accessible to others so that dependency is there yet we're trying to rule that dependency deny it or or drug it using pharmaceuticals or get it under control through addictions so there's a neurophysiology for all of that but the issue is what is it to be a human and this is really where polyvagal theory finally led me and that it was that to be a human was to be socially connected with others species or in many situations another appropriate mammal like a dog so the issue is can your body feel safe enough to be in close proximity with another and this to me is really the strange journey that i went on to try to in a sense decode what it was that was going on inside of people to try to understand it and then start to uh understand that everything was being broadcast so the intonation of people's voices their facial expressions their gestures were telling me in a quite a reliable way their physiological state and in the simplistic way it said are they physiologically safe or they reacting to a chronic threat and so if you go back even let's say into your life or the lives of the people listening and that is go back to your child go back to elementary school go back to high school go back to the notion of the educational system as being a chronic evaluative system and the anxiety that that promotes in your physiology in your body and the insecurity that it can promote so for me you know i sit back at this stage of my life with a really a true sense of gratitude in a sense i'm only beginning to understand what gratitude means so it's like saying for me and saying there's nothing i want there's i don't want to be someone else i don't want more money i don't want more fame it's like i want to be helpful i want to be accessible i want to be connected with other people because and again this is the because comes it gets reinforced by the pandemic because during the pandemic it doesn't matter how much money you have what's missing what's hurting your opportunities to co-regulate with other people to be in their presence to have hugs for them yeah and the lack of connection which um you know all of this work in psychology and neuroscience is coming closer and closer to to this very very important theme of connection stephen if you don't mind i want to move on because i want to get the nuts and bolts so that the listeners can understand the structures and the tools you're you're discussing and then we can come back and apply that to things like gratitude and what it is to be human so bite-sized chunks because a lot of the public listening will be new to talking about the nervous system let's start with the vagal nerve itself uh the subject of your theory what does it actually do and can you put that into a sort of evolutionary uh context so we can get a sense of what you know what what brought us up to now this huge reliance on this extraordinarily long and important nerve so even even the framing of the question can be a misdirection this is not to be critical but it can be a misdirect misdirection of really the essence of what the theory is so the the vegas within polyvagal theory is really to remind us and to emphasize that the brain and the body or the organs of the body are connected and they're connected with it with nerves and the primary nerve connection is the vagus and the vagus is this big cranial nerve going from our brain stem down to all all virtually all the organs within our body and most of the fibers within this big conduit are centering so it's really a surveillance system yet uh the in the neurophysiological world and the medical world it's been viewed as a motor nerve primarily because of its impact on the gut and its impact on the heart so it's a cranial nerve and it's a complicated nerve because it has sensory fibers coming up and has motor fibers going down but the nerve change during evolution and the nerve actually changes during evolution enabled mammals to become social to be safe in the presence of others to communicate so if you go back to the earlier question what's going on in people's body polyvagal theory tells you because through evolution the area of the brainstem that regulates vehicle control of the heart and the bronchi which calms us down and inhibits our fight flight sympathetic arousal and sends signals to our uh nervousness below the gut below the diaphragm that everything's good so we're not just reacting with diarrhea and constipation we're supporting homeostasis can you just take that for a second uh dr the sympathetic nervous system is that which deals with fight and flight is that is that correct well that's again a misdirection it also deals with enthusiasm excitement you know everything that we love in life has a sympathetic component to it but it's when it takes over the regulation of our autonomic nervous system into a highly mobilized state that interferes with our ability to connect and uh be in contact with others and it does support fight flight it's also been used to describe stress and within this understanding that you know that sometimes synthetic activation really gives us exuberance and so they talk about good stress versus bad stress as opposed to talking about how it gets tuned the interesting part of the evolutionary history is it gets tuned by this newer i didn't go to this point but with mammals we have a unique branch of the vegas that goes to the heart in the bronchi and this one is myelinated it's very tightly regulated but in doing that that vagus also is involved the signals from it are in part of the brainstem that controls the muscles of our face and head so if we buy into this if we understand evolutionary phylogenetic through our that the nerve controlling the heart and our bronchi to our to optimize oxygenization becomes a that is influenced greatly influenced by our face and that means that the sensory parts of the muscles in the face and head go there but also the motor parts become literally a parallel broadcasting unit of our visceral state so the intonation of our voice is is being regulated by a vagal nerve that's not going to a heart it's going to a larynx so the intonation of a voice is in a way mirroring and broadcasting our visceral state so it's how people speak sends a signal to the other that their viscera is not in a fight flight you can come close to me i won't hurt you so this is a double function there because on the one hand it might be that i need to inform my tribe members that there's a threat but at the same time it might be on the country that i'm looking for a mate or i'm i'm i'm looking to to sit down and have a good old you know good old laugh right because if you're you have a system that ability to switch back and forth rapidly evolve with mammals because that myelinated vagal system so we can instance remove a vagal brake can we can visualize it as this conceptualization of an inhibitory action on our hearts pacemaker but it also down regulates sympathetics it's the calming so when someone gets excited what do we say take a deep breath sit still well when you exhale the vagal break is optimized when you inhale you start to block the vehicle break so how do you get people upset and when are they upset their breathing changes they off and they puff they have short phrases they're inhaling longer than the exhaling so we are adjusting our physiological state by an observable behavior dr pontius i want to take you back to when you were were studying all of this before the actual formation of your theory because i'm interested in following the excitement of that personal process of scientific discovery particularly because it sounds like it was very much part of your of your your passion from the very very start what reactions did you notice in your subjects while studying the vegas nerds the formation of the theory and what conclusion what you know how did you draw your conclusions i'm interested in discovery it's far it's far simpler okay it was not fair science is never simple this must be a phrase simple if you open your eyes and you forget what you were taught so another question i entered i was doing work in obstetrics and neonatology and that is you know looking at fetuses as they were being born and and newborns especially high-risk newborns pre-term babies so i could watch that early developmental phase and i was observing that the indicators of vagal function that i was using which was a measure of heart rate variability called respiratory sinus arrhythmia was uh not developed so it was in a sense a risk factor and i saw this as kind of a universal uh diagnostic if they're a respiratory science arrhythmia component of heart rate variability was low they were at great risks so your heart rate is constricted and you can't actually vary it much in response to these various nervous stimuli that's a problem for these it's a problem but there there are other there's a very interesting issue so number one i had learned and everyone had learned at a time that uh the vegas support homeostatic function and that more vagal tone was more positive and that when you had these rhythmic oscillations this was an indicator that the system was really doing its job now the other part was that within obstetrics and neonatology there was a uh another aversion and that is a version that talked about clinical bradycardia where the heart rates got too slow and this is a response to none of oxygen or hypoxia and this is called bradycardia where heart rate gets slow but bradycardia was also a vagal phenomenon so the issue became what i called the vagal paradox how can the vegas be protective yet how can it kill you so what happened was within obstetrics indian datology rather than emphasizing the neural uh regulation these two distinct patterns of heart rate they became descriptive without going into the physiology i went into the physiology and the physiology was that these were being regulated by different parts of the brain stem and they were following an evolutionary pattern because what do reptiles do when they're under threat they immobilize they stop breathing they have bradycardia and they even defecate why do they defecate so that they don't have the metabolic demands of digestion so i could see this uh reaction in a phylogenetic tree and then you could see this developmentally not that ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny but it gives you hints you can see that in in the fetus the older vagus that regulates the gut comes on board then the sympathetic nervous system and then finally during the last trimester this newer vegas starts to work and it starts to create this calming of the system but the system is now linked to the muscles of the face and the head so what does a baby do when the baby is born suckle use the muscles of the face and head how does a mother calm a full-term baby using prosodic voices and so you start seeing this whole sociality of the newborn as being a reflection of this evolutionary transition of linking the neural control of the face and vocalizations listening uh with the vehicle regulation of the heart calming us down so so what i was talking about earlier about looking at people and listening to their voice i could see this unfolding in that high risk newborn and the the issue is i could see this system coming on as a system of co-regulation so if you think of a mother and the baby the baby nursing or the mother singing to the baby or the mother and the baby their body's conforming you start seeing co-regulation it's not caregiving it's co-regulation so when we talk to each other it's not me just talking to you that never will work it has to be a dialogue i have to be listening as well dr podges do you think you could then take this this sort of the data we've just been discussing the things that brought you to this could you just tell us uh as briefly as possible i know it's impossible such a a broad and fascinating theory where did the data lead you if if you were to present this to a lay audience how would you lay out the theory itself well we have to go back to the question you asked and that is what happened during evolution and with evolution we ended up with functionally three primary autonomic circuits and followed the adaptive survival of more ancient vertebrates until we became mammals and the mammal was different because survival required co-regulation so it means that connectedness trust in others uh sociality is the pathway of survival for mammals and cooperation has been even though we misinterpret darwin by saying survivals of the fittest we think of that as being physically stronger when in reality we're really talking about cooperation the fittest are really the species that could cooperate and solve complex problems so this is our legacy our legacy is connectedness and we learn a lot so to delay public we understand that this system of evolution of connectedness of trust and feeling part of a relationship is really our evolutionary mandate let's put it down it's our biological imperative we are a species that needs to connect but when we start looking at the world we're in and we start looking at the world of trauma which is the world that truly embraced me because i gave you the narrative and what trauma is it's really uh enables people to understand that their body basically went through or determines disillusion goes goes through evolution in reverse it gives up its connectedness attributes its facial expressivity its international voice the ability to feel safe with another and moves into states that are really evolved to be defensive including a more dominant sympathetic fight flight and also this very ancient immobilization older vegas a different vegas that we still have but most of that vegas goes to our gut so what happens when we really feel betrayed uh or it goes to our gut and what's the common problem in our modern society we people have irritable bowel syndrome their their gut isn't working because they're not getting cues through their is a newer vehicle social system to tell the gut do your job there's nothing wrong instead our bodies are on full alert most of the time and so we can't give it the cue to relax and digest so digestion requires a body that's not in movement so so we need to in a sense give our body cues that it's safe and then digestion works uh within the medical community our model is if you have digestion problems the problems at the locus of the end organ so it's the gut that's has the problem or if you have a heart problem it's the heart that has a problem not the neural regulation poly vehicle theory says there's another a way of looking at things and this is far from original in fact in a swiss of physiologist got a nobel prize his name was walter hess and he got it for basically articulating that the brain regulated our visceral organs and in a sense argue that there really is only one nervous system and so when we get into discussions like with consciousness it only makes sense if we think of an integrated nervous system that includes neural regulation of our bodily organs and the impact of our bodily organs on our brain so what we're talking about here really is a bi-directionality isn't it between the the functionality of the organs being connected through the vagus nerve back to uh well including the face as well but back to the brain stem talk about this bi-directionality for a moment just give us an example of one going in one direction and it going in the other because that's going to be quite important isn't it well we can give you two examples uh visualize something horrible that's happened to you and then attend to how your body feels you know you feel in your gut you feel in your heart you feel a drop in your stomach and then uh visualize uh or don't even visualize take a deep breath and exhale slowly and see how your body feels or take a deep breath with a rapid uh excuse me a slow inhalation and rapid exhalation see if you start feeling more mobilized the the bi-directionality is really giving respect and honor to your bodily state and how it impacts your brain and how you structure your let's say for you you have uh i i'm sure this may have happened you get a call to interview for something and you you get the part and how do you feel the fear in my in my job as an actor you know here i am 20 years later i'm still you know the the heart rate and the breathing before you go yeah control you have the examples but again in acting if you go to kind of a status lossy method acting what is that all about it's about getting the visceral feelings to enable you to act the role so it's it's the method is really a respect of bodily feelings and can you get the bodily feelings through visualization so it's a real uh if you thought of acting as basically implementing this bi-directionality you have all your examples for people who are academics it's really a strange world because many of them are basically extraordinarily vulnerable and not bold so we can go back to personal history and and when i reflect on personal history the part that i'm really taken by in terms of my own and this is the the aging adult thinking about the younger child and that is where where did the boldness come from you know it's like where did the assuredness come from because uh to create and to foster and try to bring new ideas into any discipline results in a interesting dialogue that occurs in fact many people don't like to do anything novel because it creates a vulnerability and they're not up for that they don't want that they want acceptance they want to be part of a family and you find this in terms of discipline networking within disciplines and you also find it in the inability to be informed by i would say i was going to use the term good natured criticism but it is in a sense where people feel that it's a level playing field and their job is to further knowledge not to take things personally it's a very interesting tightrope within the academic world because people are very identified with their products and most people that i've met don't want to be on the edge and i think we also live in a very um masculine society and a society that's been given this that men aren't supposed to be emotional that we're supposed to sort of somehow control that and i imagine that part of that sort of suppression does lead to some of these internal wranglings that you're talking about i i think that's a very interesting point to bring up because again i've learned so much about human behavior human thought human feelings from the world of trauma and what you're really describing is how do we make ourselves numb yes and the first thing is we don't honor or respect or come in contact with our feelings and pretty soon that becomes the way who we are and that becomes dissociative dissociation from feelings and pretty soon we become dissociative other cues coming into our world and then we become a survivor of trauma because we've turned off our body um very interesting point and i'd like to come back to this i want to stick with this bi-directionality for a moment uh i've got this strong image of the the stretching into the intestines and the lungs and the heart and then coming up uh into the brain and i'm imagining a bi-directionality whereby let's say there is a perceived threat it you know we'll come back to the difference between a real threat and a perceived threat in a bit but let's just say there's a perceived threat uh i move into the the you know that comes into the brain and i move into a hyper-vigilant state that then goes back to influence the way the blood and the heart are working in the organs and things start to get reassigned energy starts to get reassigned and the more i move into that state my face then starts to show signs of distress which is then sending that back out into the world and i might then receive more of that presumably these feedbacks can amplify even communally sort of in our communities as well do we see this kind of extreme polarization of these two feedback loops in society is is that that's not something you know well i think you describe it but we're going to uh playback or rewind a little bit there's two levels of feedback loops is within the body in between bodies so you need to once you acknowledge that the human nervous system uh involves sociality as a mode of regulation or co-regulation then you have the answer to your your narrative the first part is uh the feedback in the society of people not saying how hard the load there in a sense in fact the pandemic creates a series of issues because now social encroachment or social space becomes a threat and our nervous systems are adapting and learning so if i'm walking down a street which i don't do very frequently and there's someone walking the other direction i'll walk away now those are cues to a body's nervous system of being marginalized or being dismissive and they become kind of regular now people that i don't know or people without a mask for sure become threats to my nervous system so but you want to go a little bit further in in your explanation that is let's say that i am angry now once i'm angry my face changes and i present that face to others now they will feel that i'm angry at them unless the narrative change that we're both angry at someone else that's conspiracy type theories so the anger and the uh directed out directionality of it becomes targeted at someone else and then what you start getting really is a metaphor of team sports team sports are that you mobilize without fear because you're you need to mobilize to play the game but how do you keep your body from not being aggressive and just mobilize without fear well you talk to your friends you make facial expressions in a way that's what's happening with these uh let's say conspiracy theorists groups and that is they're targeting like a game their mobilization towards something but they're utilizing their social engagement system the face-to-face and their vocalization to each others as co-regulatory features calming themselves down so now they create they're safe within the context of being angry at another person and the healthy individual says i'm safe while playing volleyball or playing basketball even though i'm highly mobilized and that mobilization could be directed as an aggression but it's contained because i'm playing with friends well and i wonder if this tribalism that you're describing is is again quite hardwired because anybody from the outside in inverted commas in our in our our primordial roots would have immediately be viewed with suspicion and i wonder if we're not just seeing a sort of a fall back into some of that tribalism well i think we have to think a little bit more about human civilizations human history and different cultures and many cultures had the the invited guest model that you come to my house what do i do first the good guest uh basically feeds ingestion eating up food is stimulating all the nerves that are part of our social engagement system so we go out for a drink or we go out for a meal because ingestion utilizes that same circuit of the face in the vegas we don't say hey let's get together and digest our food because that's using that older vegas which can easily be shifted into a shutting down defense so that older vegas needs to have the containment of safety to facilitate digestion so so many cultures they also used to have a siesta you eat a big lunch what do you do you go into a safe place then the idea that people took naps is just part of it but they were able the narrative is you could go into a safe place to allow your food to be digested because if you're hyper vigilant you're interfere with digestion can we just back up to the feedback loop you internally because i think that's really important for our awareness going going into the rest of the conversation you know outs out of connection what is the potential risk of a negative or even a positive feedback loop if switched around within the body well it creates chronic uh the issue of if it's positive feedback meaning that if your body moves into a state of thread it gets amplified the threat and this is when you get into an argument with someone and you it gets escalates so we have all the metaphors and the physiology just gets overwhelming and people can't control their behavior so the negative feedback is that uh violations or disruptions to interactions are part of the normal thing but the real issue is the skill in repairing how do we repair how do we say i'm sorry how do we calm each other down what i often like to say is have you ever won an argument you can't win arguments because they're all about bodily reactions it's not about the information so there's no amount of information in an argument that is going to change the way the person thinks or feels unless they're in a calm physiological state then they'll be able to listen well you've got such a solution-led way of talking about this i can't wait to get to the tools bit at the end but let's stick with the science for now now you speak about this hypervigilance that i'm interested in what defines this emotional threshold beyond which the threat system takes over from the frontal cortex and we start to see defensiveness dominating clear thinking how does it work this threshold and and does it vary from person to well of course it varies from person to person and the threshold in a polyvagal term is really dependent upon the effectiveness of the vagal break which really is this constraint on the sympathetics and on your defenses as long as this newer mammalian vehicle is on board then you can mobilize you can immobilize and everything is kind of like kept within a range of optimal interaction so my friend dan siegel he used the term window of tolerance the window of tolerance which one wants to broaden make wider is really regulated by the accessibility of this vehicle break the interesting part and this is where my current research is going which was really decades on studying what might be called vagal tone to the heart through this myelinated vegas it's now coming up with another metric and this is why i call vagal efficiency so it appears that even that if we start talking about groups that have autonomic uh dysfunction or dysautonomia or people with trauma that they may appear to have reasonable vagal tone but they really can't use it so the the part is really interesting we're doing a simple assessment and that is to see how systematically uh the vagal break is removed when we put physical demands on that autonomic nervous system like changing postures from going from supine to seated to standing each time you shift the posture your heart rate will get higher and higher because it the heart rate has to go faster to get oxygenated blood to your brain we also put people on exercise bikes you see the same thing and hypothetically at least this was the hypothesis that there should be a systematic withdrawal of the vagal break with this increase in heart rate and the answer is that's for most people it's like linear but not for everyone and if you have a trauma history there's a disorganization that's my next question is about the effect of trauma so let's just imagine we've got sort of a hypothetical probably non-existent person that has had no trauma whatsoever but let's imagine we've got a very low trauma individual and we are looking at them as so you know we're looking at their threshold alongside somebody who's suffered trauma of various different types in their childhood how does the triggering associated with affect the threshold in that second traumatized person does it is it a sort like a virus underneath the threshold that kind of grows from underneath or does it just bring the threshold down well we have to actually do a redefinition we have to go back for a moment because in the world of trauma there's also a misdirection and that is the emphasis on event and not on reaction or bodily feelings so polyvagal says traumatic events are important but the real issue in terms of outcome is how did your body react to that so this means that some people with what might be viewed by others as being minor events can be physiologically transformative and for others where events may appear to be devastating the person may walk right through it so we have to have the actual neurological effects at the time of the trauma right the neural reaction in terms of the autonomic nervous system so we're seeing did the autonomic nervous system see this as life-threatening or did see it as a transitory threat that mobilization would serve and mobilization is our go-to defense and when uh the event passes our body normally goes back to this newer vaguely regulated uh uh resilient greater window of tolerance efficient vehicle uh efficient use of the vehicle break and i think what happens and this is where you're getting in terms of the threshold i think they're after uh for some individuals and i'm not sure if whether it's the severity of their reaction or the chronicity of the having many reactions there's a retuning of the system into a more let's say adaptive way and that is a different dissociation or disembodiment so the efficient vagal break is really saying your body is you're embodied your body responds to demands and it recovers and you when you need to move you've got having metabolic resources but more important when you no longer need to move your body calms down and if you have a a sense a felt traumatic a transformed nerve neural regulation due to the the system is going to stay in a complicated state of flux because it doesn't know where to go um well listen for listeners who want to understand this in more depth dr porgis has got a book which i i understand correctly steve is is more directed at the general public it's called the pocket guide to polyvagal theory the transformative power of feeling safe steve is that a good place for readers to start if they're looking for an insight it's a good place to start there'll be a new book within a year it's called polyvagal safety which is really uh very focused on many of the things we're talking about and it's i would say in that book first of all the pocket guide is readable let's start with that um the polybagel safety is actually uh most of it is quite readable mmm wonderful and for those of you who may be more in the professional neurosciences or students or post-grad you also have a much more science-oriented book yeah i i'd also invite if people are in the science mode they can go to google scholar and put my name in and they'll see lots of things that i will direct them very diverse career but let's come back to connection and social engagement because it is something that i think is going to come up over and over again on this podcast in many many different sort of scenarios and i think we do need a multi-disciplinary think way of thinking here i think we can safely say that mammals are wired for and social engagement and a lack of either leads to mental health issues of one sort or another depending on resilience but our facial expression and our tone of voice are fundamental to the way we our communication will be received can you tell us the implications that your theory has as a result of this for how we educate and how we treat uh sickness yeah well first of all two types of sickness you know you want to talk about physical and mental health mental and physical illness are the same and that's where we have to start that uh they are they utilize uh similar neural circuits so in this sense when we look at a person's face who's physically ill they lose neural control of the upper part of their face just like someone who might have certain mental health issues stop here for a moment because i i'm still reeling from hearing you say something that i've known for many years but felt that i wasn't qualified scientifically to say you've just said that physical and mental illness are the same now the mind-body connection is uh is well-known but it's it's quite controversial talking in such black and white terms about the mind body connection isn't it well first of all i don't even use the word mind body in my work i use the word brain body and that has no that's no controversy because that's how the nervous system evolved and then i refer people back to walter hess's nobel prize speech which 70 years ago documented how the organs were affected by the brain and how the brain affected the organs so that's a given the question really is in the world of physical health does the do the medical providers understand this are they taught this and the answer is no they're not taught this what's wrong with the education the university system the medical system that this has been swept under the carpet for so long first of all it's harder for as a concept for people to understand it's much easier to think about levels where you give people medicine or you fix things with surgery than to think about feedback loops and regulatory circuits the concept of regulatory circuits is not a comfort zone for physicians so the first part is we can't get angry at the medical profession because they're doing what they think is good their intentions are good they just their toolkit is limited and the toolkit's limited because they have been asking the wrong questions i say all the wrong questions but many of the wrong questions so we go back to this obsession on an organ function and that's when you're going to get your annual physical you get your blood tests it's all about end organ function there's no indicator of neural regulation of those end organs if the neural regulation of the end organs is dysfunctional then over time that end organ will become diseased so you start seeing the antecedents and we call it adenosine stress or toxic stress we separate it from the physiology and put down the context because we don't allow or we don't support research on measuring dynamic neural regulation of end organs there's very little out there and that's really what i have been vested in for so long and my work was really just focused on the end organ neuroregulation of the heart and what that told me about healthiness and that was heart rate variability and it refining that metric into a measure of respiratory science arrhythmia because the understanding of the neural pathways for respiratory science arrhythmia could lead to and have led to a validated index of cardiac vagal tone so it is possible to get a metric of how the systems works and now i'm actually using that to look at uh vehicle efficiency which is another uh aspect of it of how vagal tone is used so we can get a good metric of this and then we can see how it's functionally the interesting part is virtually all subsets of populations that have characteristics of this autonomia or autonomic dysfunction have lower vagal efficiency and we're actually writing the papers to document these issues now so that brings us back to what polyvagal can teach us about how we educate and how we treat sickness let's deal first with sickness well let's talk about what physicians hate they hate this area called medically unexplained symptoms which includes irritable bowel syndrome dysautonomia fibromyalgia and often migraines because they have no measure they can't document it they get all the symptoms and i think vagal efficiency is going to be one of the first surrogate variables that will tap into this so it will give it a concrete uh validation as opposed to it's all in your head which is how people with these symptoms are treated they said see a psychiatrist you know um and and as opposed to saying this is an atypical neural regulation of your viscera and it's not optimizing omega static function now how do we fix that or how do we optimize that and part of what polynego theory tells me or tells us is that the pathway or the portal of cues of safety through social connection are primary pathways to optimize vagal regulation of our autonomic nervous system we should never minimize the power of social connectedness in sending cues to our nervous system that it's okay to serve homeostatic function we don't have to be hyper vigilant and defensive so our bodies are so bombarded with cues of threat that our bodies our nervous system's ability to support homeostatic function continuously is being compromised homeostatic function steve yeah homeostatic function is really the feedback loops of our nervous system that support health growth and restoration so even the word stress doesn't really tell us anything it comes from actually it comes from physics or actually materials engineering stress of girders and other things but if we use the term homeostasis which says how is our body serving in this appropriate negative feedback loop to support health growth and restoration then we would define disruptions in as are indicators of stress as opposed to cortisol levels or sympathetic activation we would say stress is really when our nervous system loses its capacity to be co-regulated in the presence of another and presumably something similar can influence our ability to memorize and to learn and to absorb new information so this has implications for education too absolutely and actually that's a part of the passion now is to get this in these concepts into education because if and in a sense for educational systems to respect the need for children to have neural exercise opportunities meaning recess play social interaction because the educational model was that these are diversions from cognitive and intellectual pursuits polyvagal theory says these are the building blocks to create the physiological neural states that enable efficient processing of information and this leads on to my next question about the the triune theory of brain um but let's just just lay the groundwork here if i am a kid and i am being scared by my teacher i'm in the unfortunate position that my my 10 year old boy has a teacher who likes to shame the children she thinks this pedagogical method to get them to conform and uh it's remarkable my son has extraordinary memory and he has literally not been able to memorize anything since he's been in the presence of this particular new teacher tell me what is happening neurophysiologically when when we feel that unsafe in the presence of an educator well i i think this becomes quite obvious the accessibility of the areas of the brain where executive functions are occurring where memory traces are laid down it's not accessible why are they not accessible because our nervous system is adaptive and your sun is under threat of survival so the nervous system retunes and say i'm under threat how do i deal with that so it's the proximal challenge is the threat and so the uh narrative saying that you've got to get over this and get you know solve these problems the body can't do that the body has to be in a sense served to be calm and to be to trust so your son is telling you that he doesn't trust the environment in which he is being schooled um it's such a tough one because our whole culture i mean i'm sure dr borges you probably grew up again like my parents and in a generation where this was very common this style of disciplinary and authoritarianism and you know certain things worked because you were scared that you were going to be punished but i think on the whole uh it's been very limiting for society but i want to just seduce that into my next question because there's a there's a question here that i really want to put to you stephen before we run out of time the triune theory of brain evolution uh is under a lot of criticism these days uh that and the limbic system conception of emotion that it kind of draws on i'm going to be speaking with neuroscientist and psychologist dr joseph ledoux who gives a very good critique of this and he's a specialist on emotions but where do you stand on this dr portrays can you tell us roughly what the famous theory holds and to what extent you think these these critiques are valid well you know the let's talk about what the positive part this is paul mclean's triune brain and he also is the first to conceptualize a limbic system so you know he had he's a historical neurophysiologist had a great impact on psychology but let's take what it really brings it brings our attention to the fact that the brain changed through evolution did it change the three brains like the triumph theory says not necessarily did it change in the way that he says it changed so they're actually the kind of these distinct circuits not necessarily polyvagal theory focuses below that it focuses on how the brainstem changed and its regulation of our underlying and creates the platform for all the models of higher uh brain function so i see polyvagal theory as not contradictory but basically serving as an understanding of the neural platform for psychological constructs and this leads me to joe ladue's wonderful work and that is when you start talking about emotions they sit on top of the brain stems regulation of visceral state you don't have emotions without changes in bodily state the problem has been is that people wanted to find isomorphic one-to-one relationships between emotions and physiological state but the is a very small area compared to the higher brain structures so we basically can have physiological platforms where one is the platform for many so we have in a sense physiological states that would support mobilization or basically emotions that require sympathetic excitation we would have a brainstem state that would support the neural regulation of the face to provide more calming or socially engaging positive emotions and then we would have a neurophysiological uh regulation of the brainstem that says get out of here just shut down become vacant the reason i ask steve is because you know we're also going to be speaking to patty wiffler who founded the wonderful hand-in-hand parenting technique which was based on some of these limbic system ideas and the way she explains it and by the way we're using hand in hand with our children and we've seen an absolutely massive change in their behavior just in a state of safety and non-threat they they thrive in every possible way and they are infinitely better behaved but what i'm really interested in here is this idea of an overaroused emotional state uh in in that theory referred to as as limbic system being activated and blocking the frontal cortex reasoning of this sort of higher level of this evolution now can we salvage anything from this it's it's fairly clear that this isn't quite the way the brain works nor the evolution of the brain has worked by the criticisms but can we salvage anything is there anything is there a different way of describing that process where shall we say the emotional state trumps the uh and kind of overwhelms the ability to think clearly is there anything we can salvage here or is it just the wrong way of looking at it well you're in a way asking the wrong person but i will give you the wrong answer uh the part because when i'm asked some of these questions i say do we need the word emotion and and i'm saying that emotion is a psychological construct and we're going to get into problems when we try to create this neurophysiology of a psychological construct as we go back to more primary meaning more foundational physiological strategies more adaptive strategies and talk about physiological state of movement and say containment of movement which is and containment of immobilization which we would call intimacy we start seeing these ranges of things that can emerge from these states and we and they can utilize higher brain structures it doesn't mean that they create a signature for a specific emotion but they are basically the foundational point upon which this stands i've had the same discussion with a a friend who unfortunately passed a couple years ago jacques panscap and he had seven seven circuits in the brain and the problem my my problem with his presentation was they were basically focusing on his those areas the brain were in a sense locked to his circuits which were psychological constructs without an understanding or that's his term vague appreciation that the brain is dynamic and adjusts and does different things at different times that and that these circuits were really based upon underlying foundational states of of uh mobilization or metabolic demands so polyvagal theory brings you down to let's say the most simplest basic and that has to do with metabolism metabolic resources and concept of an organism being safe and reacting to threat so it's really down on these very primitive levels and we find that through the evolution those circuits became embedded in how we related to each other since the neural regulation the face and voice and what we're kind of stuck with when we get to emotions it's face and voice and mike gazzaniga in our discussion speaks about the fact that really again like you said it's the wrong question you know they're different layers they're completely different levels of description and much better to talk about the way these relate layers he's talking about finding a language to discuss the relation between the layers that actually are related i tend to be top down and what polyvagal says let's force you into a bottom-up dialogue uh because bottom-up has simplicity as parsimony and top-down has complexity and if we can simplify the dialogue because with a bottom-up uh simplicity model one state supports many when we go from top down we get into uh specificity based upon psychological constructs that are looking in search of a neurophysiological substrate steve we're running out of time and i desperately wanted to speak to you briefly about the power of listening um before we come on to the last question social engagement is not just about feeling safe to speak because communication relies not only on the speaker but on the ability to be heard and listened to do you see that our society where perhaps we're listening less than we used to we're more frenetic we've got more distractions we're more narcissistic in terms of self-serving consumerism does this amplify our sense of uh of not being heard and not and therefore not feeling safe well the answer is obvious the the big issues in the united states are really marginalized populations not being heard losing their voice so they're all these metaphors not being heard being marginalized loss of voice people do not always the priority is not necessarily you need to do what i want you to do but you need to hear what i have to say because if you listen to me and respond to me i am real if i don't listen to you your martial arts you don't exist and that's what this reciprocity or is about so the body is reacting to are being dismissed someone turning away from them these are instances very anciently wired into our mammalian nervous system and you engage someone and you say hi steve and i turn away or i look at my watch or pick up my phone and you say you got to mow me and say don't worry i can hear you while i'm doing this how does your body react your body is already like this so the answer is yes listening to me though here's here's where it goes right into uh polyvagal theory of what i call the social engagement system so we talked about the face and the voice but we didn't talk about the middle ear muscles the middle ear muscles uh contract when our upper part of our face becomes alive and that's why we can hear people in noisy bars when we look at them and we're happy with them because the muscles contract and in contracting the low frequency background sounds that our body uses to detect predator they get bounce off the eardrum and voice goes in but if we're in a state of threat the middle ear muscles can't contract so for your son in the classroom he may not even be hearing what the teacher is because his body may be in such a state of threat that the middle ear muscles just are relaxed and are now picking up lower frequency predator sound he may feel that he's being yelled at he may complain about background noises bothering him because his body is in a state of hyper vigilance the final part is listening as a metaphor is powerful but as actually this neurophysiological feature of being safe with others is has been critical to the survival of humans because when the mother uses her prosodic voice to calm the baby crying she is changing that physiological state by entering cues of safety in a frequency band that tells the brain you're safe now i developed an intervention that's called safe and sound protocol that is based on those same principles i was hoping we it might come up so basically it presents uh stealth cues of safety to tell the relax now the interesting part of that is with uh children it's been extraordinarily successful in reducing hyper sensitivities to sounds and improving auditory processing but the interesting thing from a theoretical point of view has been within the trauma community and within the trauma community people with severe trauma history survivors of trauma would listen and their bodies would kind of relax and suddenly that relaxation became a trigger of vulnerability and the bodies recoiled and so we learned something we learned that if you have a trauma history cues of safety can trigger reactions so we now have safety because when you were thought you were safe and then you were traumatized goodness me how do you get around that that's difficult titration and narrative so you use it slowly little bits of it you in a sense become aware of your bodily feelings and you're now in the safe presence with a therapist or other safe people and it it basically resolves itself but it has to be titrated extraordinarily slowly with great awareness and respect for the other person or for the client's reactivity so the client is learning that their is actually picking up cues of safety and wham those cues of safety remind the memories that are encoded a violation of trust and injury and that's what trauma is it's a violation of trust and so the accused of safety can be utilized by an astute therapist titrated and basically as a neural exercise of extending or expanding that window of tolerance that range of autonomic function i mean indigenous people are an interesting example here because they've suffered more than their share of injustice at the hands of colonial supremacy and i was struck by one elder who said that listening was an active part of their justice system she said that legality of the injustice can't be wiped out even with a proof of guilt but it can be accepted by the victim if we feel our perspective in the injustice has been heard and witnessed do you think that this idea of being heard or witnessed has an actual neurobiological influence in the healing of trauma or is that going too far well it's not going too far and actually it's going to move you into the characters used to in chinese for the word listening it has heart it has ear it has the brain and focus basically it's what polyvagal theory calls the social engagement system so listening is the integration of the with the information coming through that acoustic channel and what the elders are telling you is that there's a transformation occurring within the body when they're listening to it doesn't take the pain away it doesn't take the event away but it changes how their body responds to to the events um with the what's going on in the united states with black lives matter is this it's has similarity and the uh under uh the bit with uh jeffrey epstein's uh abuse of young women who had their voice removed it was the same thing they wanted to tell their story and telling their story is in a way honoring their experience and enabling them to be re-embodied and any form of marginalization within that we use this term social justice but it really means marginalization and not being heard and if we go to the the characters of the chinese word listening we're ripping out their hearts by not listening to them and they're telling you that it's definitely going to be a one-legged uh creature if there's listening if there's communication without listening isn't it stephen thank you for your time we're just going to have one last question here because it's something you do talk about a lot um i love this idea that neurobiology can improve our lives and you talk about this a lot and it's clear in the way you speak the passion with which you speak that that is your ultimate intention and in that sense it goes far beyond scientific research or trying to understand the brain it seems to me that mindfulness of how we speak and how we listen just isn't enough given that most of us have more or less trauma that can be triggered at any moment by completely unknown sort of variables within a a good conversation with you know potentially good listening and good communication it seems to me that that's not enough if you've got those triggers coming up can you recommend some tools from your many years of experience of using polyvagal theory in practice that might help us to sort of bypass some of those really difficult things to disactivate those triggers themselves well let's start with two things or one we have to be good observers of our own bodily feelings we have to be at home in our body so that becomes the first part the second part is we have to honor what our body does so for many people let's say the underlying motivation for your statement is that it's a disappointment that people have in their body's reactions so they already want to change it and the first step is really honor what your body is doing kind of understand what it's doing and then figure out how you can let's just convince your body that it's in a safe world but maybe it's not maybe your body is defensive for good reasons and then honor that it's doing that um so what i'm saying is don't try to hack your body which many people want to do turn off the feedback that's giving you be aware what that feedback is really trying to tell you that's the first one once you get that you first task is to by honoring your body understand that have some agency or intentionality to move your body out of environments in which it is damaging to them your son in the classroom doesn't have that agency can't get up and leave the classroom but for many of us when we are feeling discomfort we can say you know i need a little time by myself i want to sit by myself i want to listen some music i want to calm myself i want to do some breathing breathing is very important as we learned to slow up our exhalations we're turning on our vegas part of the discussion i didn't bring up was my period of time of being a musician which was when i was young and i was clarinetist and a clarinet player is taking uh rapid inhalations and slow exhalations uh using breath to play the instrument listening with the middle ear muscles creating an embouchure is basically wind instruments become a polyvagal neural exercise of the singing is another one learn that there are various things that we can do especially if we do them with other people like singing in a groove or playing in a wind ensemble where you're maintaining social engagement while exercising all the elements of that system so it's there yoga becomes a portal especially aspects of yoga like pranayama yoga which is yoga breath these are really portals into the polyvagal windows window of the autonomic nervous so a mixture of breathing techniques stephen tell us about the uh where we can find all of your advice on this presumably this is on your website or you've got a new website yeah i have there are two websites there's my own stephenporches.com but we just launched the polyvagal institute which is a not-for-profit organization that's focused on conveying education it's polyvagal institute.org and that got launched about a week ago it's going to be a website for education about polybagel theory and for uh practitioners who want to learn more about so it's it has a strong educational mission on um and we hope to create uh let's just term special interest groups that deal with social justice issues education issues as well as the mental health and even organizational issues so like organizations could be organized as being more polyvagal informed and we think about the culture within organizations whether it's all about companies or let's say even universities they're not uh very respectful of people's bodily feelings um well i must confess steven it is such a joy to hear those words coming out of the uh the mouth of a professional uh neuroscientist and psychologist because to hear that kind of thinking finding its way back into the profession itself into the education system itself into the university system itself i think is a very very good sign for the future of this not least it trickling down into the to the public field so listeners do please get over to the polyvagal institute's new website um you can also find out more in the short volume the pocket guide to safe and um there is all kinds of resources out there inspired by steven's work you'd be interested in some more practical um therapeutic approaches for that not least the um sorry i'm just going to find it the safe and sound protocol is that something we can find online steve the safe and sound you can if you go to my webpage there is a click that will put you onto a special landing page so that's stevenporters.com and safe and what's interesting now is that there over 3 000 uh people have been trained to deliver it and the system went remote meaning that it can be delivered remotely now uh by providers and monitored through video conferencing and it went remote in mid-april and over a hundred thousand sessions have already been delivered remotely and that that just gave this fix you know i got a great smile because it really meant that it was impacting on tens of thousands of people and stephen terms of good big smiles i think there are a lot of people out who over the many years you've been out putting this message and this work out into the public field have been touched and and have had their if in a greater or lesser way change so stephen thank you for being with us on chasing consciousness i've got a million more questions so i may be back in touch for the second series and wishing you all the very best with the new website well thank you freddie and enjoyed i enjoyed the time with you have a good day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @simplythebest2574 [4 likes]: I love this guy more than I can say.  He has changed our world for the positive, and personally my life, my practice and work. Thank you, Dr Porges.  A beautiful and informative interview.  But I have to say, I sure hope Freddy got his son out of that class.
  2. @amiyang2844 [3 likes]: Love your voice and Dr. Porges’ work. Thank you!!❤
  3. @notionconsulting-yc3qt [3 likes]: This podcast is a gem in the rough. Thank you both
  4. @rachelAO [3 likes]: Thank you so much for this video. The fact this is still isn't central to medical treatment amazes me. I recovered from chronic fatigue and Fibromyalgia by using mind body tools that calmed my nerves symptom. It was never discussed in my treatment over all those years. People are still suffering and this should be central to all medical treatment.
  5. @greg9336 [2 likes]: Interviewer does a great job at generating the right questions to elicit specific answers from Dr. Porges
  6. @Roberto-Escobar [2 likes]: I healed myself from long covid thanks to understanding the polyvagal theory. My channel talks about it. Great interview! 🎉
  7. @andthentherewasPEACE [2 likes]: I like what Stephen has to say very much. :)
  8. @MiPo3333 [1 likes]: Great topic and guest, and I appreciate the hosts efforts in bringing on so many super important topics and guests. One way for making the podcast even better would be for the interviewer to speak less and come to the point quicker. I have to admit my brain was shutting off during many of the questions. I think Steven was also a bit unnerved because he at least once just started answering.
  9. @monicagutierrez3952 [1 likes]: Excellent interview 👏🏽
  10. @Plasmafox [1 likes]: If this guy's theories were real, he would release the Safe and Sound Protocol audio and filters to the world as pay-what-you-want. Imagine claiming you have an effective, at-home, non-scarce treatment for one of the most catastrophic diseases in the world and you hide it behind a "prescription app."
  11. @sueamero3778 [1 likes]: I'll need to listen to this a few times before it sinks in. Thank you so much for the explanation of trauma as 'you don't feel safe'. (I've used my own words, so poss not a great description!) It has transformed my view of my trauma- not "you did that to me! You're a bad person!" But simply, "I don't feel safe around you". Therefore, I am gone. No drama. Just gone.
  12. @carolinaneyra4044: Excelente entrevista!
  13. @oliverhaar2168: ❤
  14. @notionconsulting-yc3qt: The source of safety is God. 
Look at the clouds when the sun is behind. 

Secure parents make you a healer 

Insecure parents make you a workaholic employee or a Zombie.
  15. @markc1234golf: Wait till we're all hypervigilant
  16. @austenforrester7723: I couldn't imagine someone with less wisdom or more arrogance than Stephen Porges.
  17. @umanadanzaterapia: Thank youuuu!!! ❤️
  18. @shendao1: Don’t know if anyone is monitoring this but are there any images of the pathways of the branches of the vagus nerve. From beginning to end, I am working on a theory about Chinese medicine
  19. @christinal.suarez1838: <3!
  20. @user-ze5hj3sd1w: You lost me at endorsing BLM criminals

- The Polyvagal Theory Explained #nervoussystem #traumahealing: Kind: captions Language: en hey there you guys Irene line here welcome to this video to this YouTube channel and to this world of healing trauma nervous system health and all things neuroplasticity thank you so much for being here today I want to get into a more sciency topic it is something I've covered a little bit in the past but I've never named it specifically and that is the poly vagal Theory I will say it one more time the poly vagal Theory basically poly means many vegal means the vagus nerve and this is a very important nerve well I guess all nerves are important aren't they but this is one of the key ones that we need to understand fully like fully fully fully and I'll get into that today in order to heal trauma and restore Health back to our nervous system I've got a book here I want to show you this is the magnum opus of the polyvagal theory it's written by Dr Stephen porges he was the person he is the person that really put this nerve on the map and he really did the research and the study and the scrutiny to figure out what it is that's different about us humans as mammals compared to say reptiles or birds or other animals that just don't have that social connection part and so the title of this book I'll read it out is neurophysiological foundations of emotions and attachment communication and self-regulation those are a lot of big words so emotions attachment communication and self-regulation if you've been following me for a while you know that these are four areas that I'm always talking about in some way shape or form if it's not directly it's on the sidebar so quick note about the polyvagal theory it is a real thing it is an explanation that gives us information about how we find safety how we find connection with others how we shut down how we go into fight and flea responses how we survive it it explains all of the things that we talk about here and all of the trainings and teachings I've studied through Peter Levine and Kathy Kane and even Dr Moshe feldenkrais so first thing you need to know is the vagus nerve basically is our parasympathetic nervous system so I'm gonna talk a few pieces and I'm going to bring them all together so the parasympathetic nervous system is part of our autonomic nervous system I'll post another video that goes into all these branches in intricacy so please watch that after this one so the parasympathetic nervous system part of the autonomic nervous system which is part of the peripheral nervous system this is known as our slowing down nervous system some people say rest digests but that isn't 100 accurate because there are multiple branches of the parasympathetic nervous system of the vagus nerve hence polyvagal Theory so keep that kind of on the side for now second thing you need to know there are three kind of neural circuits within this polyvagal theory that are responsible for overall regulation and function of the human system one of them we would call immobilization and so that is part of the parasympathetic so I'll say that again immobilization the other is mobilization that is to act to move to fight to flight that is part of our sympathetic nervous system which is not part of the vagus nerve it's just part of another branch of our nervous system and then the third neural circuit that is responsible for regulation and and just how we work in general is what we would call social engagement or social connection this is important when we look at what for example an infant so a newborn baby comes out they have no skills to connect and self-soothe the part of them that we need to Prime and perk up and teach and model to is this part of the polyvagal theory the social engagement the social connection part this is part of the parasympathetic nervous system but it's not part of the rest digest I told you it was a little complex so I'm going to review those again there are three basic neural circuits for regulation functions so immobility or immobilization the ability to mobilize so that could be something like fight flight but it also could be the energy to get up in the morning the ability to go out and walk to exercise to do chores around the house to have the the interest in just getting up and going I've talked about the importance of healthy aggression in other videos I'll post those below as well um but this ability to move forward to just get going that is part of our mobilization nervous system part of the sympathetic and then the third neural circuit this idea of how we as mammals connect communicate and engage again that's part of the parasympathetic nervous system but different than the part of the parasympathetic nervous system that immobilizes us and puts us into rest digest Okay so polyvagal again means many so if I go back to this idea of our fight our flight our freeze and our connection I'll break these branches down so stay with me here maybe get a pen and paper out and write them down so again we've got this ANS autonomic nervous system that branches off to the SNS sympathetic or and I should say the pns the parasympathetic nervous system the SNS is pretty simple it's about mobilization it's about getting up and going so we'll just leave that one to the side the pns that is more complex we have two branches that then divide further so one branch is the immobilization that is the shock state that is the freeze State we say a person is in freeze a person is in shock they're in kind of a Catatonia this this very low metabolism low oxygen blood pressure goes down heart rate goes down all of that so this is part of the I'm going to add in one more word it's part of the dorsal Vegas dorsal Vegas and the only reason it's called that is because the part of that nerve the vagus nerve that comes out of the brain and comes through the brain stem not through the brain stem around the brain stem it goes to the back dorsal means back and so the part of the parasympathetic nervous system the part of the vagus nerve that governs our shutdown freeze you know prepare for death kind of thing that is the dorsal branch of the vagus nerve and it runs back of the brain stem and then it goes into the gut and into the viscera and if you think about it to give you an example if someone was to go into shock we would want them or we would hope be like let's just say there's a giant cut or an accident and their their life needs to be preserved the system will go into a shock response this parasympathetic dorsal vagal shutdown freeze response to preserve heart rate goes down blood pressure goes down Etc okay so remember that one that is the branch of the vagus nerve that is parasympathetic that is for immobilization shutdown preservation of Life Etc low oxygen all of that the other part of the slowing down is called the rest digest now this one's a little different this is technically called the the the dorsal as well the dorsal vagal branch of the parasympathetic but it is not the high tone dorsal that shuts us down it is the low tone dorsal that puts us into kind of that nice rest digest post eating you get a little sleepy all the blood goes to the gut you digest all those things the low tone dorsal is also what we want to be in when we're sleeping so that the system can repair cells the immune system can enhance our gut can repair so again I said at the very beginning of this we often just say the parasympathetic is rest digest that is half true part of the dorsal branch of the vagus is rest digest but the other part the other gear we could say is the high tone so depending on the state of the person depending on the situation a person will either be living and revving in high tone let's call that like fifth gear of the dorsal vagal Branch or they'll be in a low tone let's just say you know neutral of the the Vegas Branch just resting recouping regenerating repairing so going back we've got this autonomic nervous system it's got the sympathetic it's got the parasympathetic the parasympathetic has this dorsal Branch or the vagus nerve back of the brain stem goes to the gut and it is responsible for either shutdown or rest and Digest easy calm being that's like lounging at the beach just chilling out now the next part of this vagus nerve hope you're still with me is the ventral vagal branch of the parasympathetic and this is where this book here the discoveries that porges made are very interesting so ventral vagal branch of the parasympathetic means that that Branch comes in front of the brain stem it goes to the face the ear the mouth the pharynx the larynx the heart the lungs everything above the diaphragm interestingly enough when we're born a little baby their ventral vagal Branch or the parasympathetic is not myelinated yet so myelinated myelination of nerves helps things go fast and smooth it makes things refined the potential is there but it has to get let's say polished up it has to be used with good connection good Attunement good attachment and a caregiver or a mother or a father who can help us learn how to engage in self-soothe so what's interesting is that when we think about calming a baby down what we're doing by talking to them rocking them a little bit looking into their eyes making faces that is sparking up the ventral vagal branch of their parasympathetic nervous system and that interestingly enough connects directly to the heart and it lowers the heart rate it it affects the pacemaker of the heart so we want that good connection not just when we're infants but when we're adults think about when someone has an accident it's known that if someone has connection immediately after after an accident and they're soothed and they feel safety their likelihood of getting PTSD is less and that is because that settling that self-regulation is occurring as a result of that connection through the ventral vagal branch of the parasympathetic nervous system it's a big one so just to review again we've got this parasympathetic nervous system it's got a lot of responsibility immobilization rest digest and this other ventral aspect that is to connect and engage here's what's interesting when we have got trauma that is trapped in our system in our survival physiology and our organs and our tissues we will often live in one of two states in that mobilization sympathetic that that wanting to get go leave be hyper Vigilant or what we find is more common in our society is we live in that free state that parasympathetic dorsal vagal shutdown that that part of the nerve that goes to the gut that preserves remember I said that that part of the vagus nerve that parasympathetic that dorsal shutdown it puts us into low metabolism it puts us into that it's almost like low gear you know it just doesn't get moving for anyone who has chronic conditions depression fibromyalgia autoimmune you know that is characterized by this lack of flow feeling lethargic feeling heavy having gut problems immune system problems so when there is this revving of survival stress that is still in the system and the system is trying to protect through a shutdown response we would be living more in that high tone dorsal and it isn't healthy we only want to stay in that for like minutes but many of us have been living like that for decades if not lifetimes so so trauma again trap trauma unresolved trauma untreated trauma it will create this this High tone dorsal or sympathetic or a blend of both sometimes they're both mixing around like a cocktail in order to heal we need to spark up that social engagement that ability to connect to ourselves connect to our environment I've done some other videos on the orienting response and how so important it is to understand what orienting is I will post that below as well if you think about this ventral vagal this nerve that goes to the face the neck the heart the lungs all of it by actively facilitating more engagement with the environment the engagement with ourselves actually doing a little bit of self-bio feedback with all the ways we do that some people use breath work I teach neurosensory exercises ways that we re-teach ourselves how to calm down and self-regulate that is directly going to this eventual vagal branch of the parasympathetic which then in turn allows that that high dorsal tone parasympathetic that wants to shut down and freeze it allows that that to be less on guard Less on board one of my mentors Kathy Kane will say when we have unresolved stress physiology in our system the freeze response and the sympathetic responses will run the front of our bus someone who is healthy and has regulation what runs the front of their bus is that social engagement social connection branch of the ventral that helps the heart rate come down but they're also being dominated by that rest digest dominated it's not the best word but the rest digest part of the parasympathetic will be more dominant and then you have better health because when you live more in that rest digest it allows the cells to repair the immune system to repair and so on okay so quick review polyvagal means many vegases many branches of this vagus nerve it's actually called the wandering nerve because it goes everywhere from face to here to heart to lungs to gut all the way down to the reproductive organs all of it there are these branches parasympathetic sympathetic parasympathetic has two branches it's got that rest digest and then that shutdown and we want to facilitate and Foster getting out of that shutdown out of that freeze out of the sympathetic and into more social engagement and into more of that rest digest of course that is what I teach in my programs you have not checked those out yet be sure to have that all linked below and thank you for being here thank you for watching thank you for Learning and we will see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @waterangelmedicine4425 [12 likes]: I love being your student and learn from your wisdom Irene! This video was for me a great summary of all the important aspects, after learning from you already the second year. For beginners I think it is to much information in once and visual slides could be very helpful for the understanding of all the different branches. I give this feedback in Love and Gratitude, because I know how it is to feel new to this knowledge! Thank you for your outstanding, awesome work Irene and Team! Forever grateful! ❤
  2. @rmroberts94 [10 likes]: I was confused a bit in the beginning, but you summed it all up really well by midway and then the recap was helpful. The visuals are really helpful, as well. I'd love to see more graphics on the nervous system along with your videos, because I need more than just auditory to really understand a complex topic like this. Overall, this was extremely helpful in understanding the different branches. Also, I think the way you speak is wonderful and clear. This topic is just a doozy. Thank you so much for all you do!
  3. @IaraRibS [9 likes]: One recommendation: Neurofeedback therapy helped me get “on my feet” again in terms of my nervous system! I can only recommend. Fast and very effective!
  4. @sannajonkhart8758 [4 likes]: O my goodness, this is the best explanation (and short, even!) I ever heard. Thank you so much Irene, this is so helpful in my healing journey!
  5. @acousticus [4 likes]: How do you increase social ization when you're single and have no family in New city.....and have CFS that keeps you inside?
  6. @inglestherightway [4 likes]: I appreciate that Irene has tried to explain as best as she could. It did help me a lot to understand it in general lines. I'm on the waiting list for an audiobook on this subject but I was feeling very intimidated by the topic and unsure I was going to pull through the audiobook at all. Now she's switched me to a different branch of the nerve, hahaha, really, and I feel more at ease about it and more like I can do it and be successful. Thanks, Irene! <3 🥰
  7. @luuk9653 [2 likes]: Cold showers, breathwork, meditation, shadow work, integrated self
  8. @carmenmann777 [2 likes]: Fantastic explanation! I love learning the biology behind how our body/mind/brain works! I now understand how my trauma is trapped inside of me.
  9. @thee_bel0ved [2 likes]: I love Irene but sometimes there is just too much talking for my over/underrevved system to keep with and understand lol
  10. @parisaforpeace [1 likes]: Hello Irene,
Thank you for this video. I have read though that the freeze and collapse response belong to different branches, SNS and PNS respectively. With freeze the heart rate is high and with collapse it's low. Would appreciate some clarification if any. 😊
  11. @besurf [1 likes]: What about the ideas and beliefs behind the traumas and body reactions? every story is different...
  12. @cherylwilsherlimberlife7210 [1 likes]: amazing video on a complex topic, this made so much sense after working in this field learning for years. 
We have to un learn old beliefs make room for learning new information
  13. @aiwilky: I’ve ended up here through the algorithm but this theory has recently been publicly debunked so a follow up video would be ideal for your followers
  14. @klaybiggins4040: Very good explanation. I kept hearing about this theory from some Ancient Wisdom videos I’ve been watching. Interesting nerve complex indeed.
  15. @lisah7020: I'm amazed "experts" are still spouting this nonsense.  Porges polyvagal theory was debunked a while ago - the evidence he based his theories on was falsified!
  16. @EllieBahr: Is it possible that hypersomnia is related to this?
  17. @somatische-integration: Wow, thank you!! Finally i got my confusion out of my  head!!

You explained it really well! 

I am even working with a polyvagal technique to release trauma,  but i never knew the rest and digest is actually dorsal!!! To me it was tought as ventral. 
Thank you sooo much ❤🙏🙏🙏
  18. @bloooeyes3: does a disfunction in this polyvagal nerve  cause neuropathy ?
  19. @conniedoe-theartofbecoming: I love you work so much.  Thank you for sharing so much information
  20. @northstarearthstar: Ty Irene!❤️.

- Window of Tolerance and Emotional Regulation (Dr Dan Siegel): Kind: captions Language: en When you're coping well with the ups and downs&nbsp;of life when your thoughts are rational and&nbsp;&nbsp; your emotions are calm you are said to be&nbsp; functioning within your window of tolerance.&nbsp; The window of tolerance was originally described&nbsp;by Dr Dan Siegel as the optimal zone of arousal. If you stay within your window of tolerance&nbsp; you're able to process and successfully respond&nbsp;&nbsp; to the demands of everyday life. So let's imagine&nbsp;you get a phone call from your boss and she asks&nbsp;&nbsp; you to do additional work over the weekend now&nbsp;that stressor may increase your level of arousal,&nbsp; maybe even to put you at the edge of your&nbsp; window of tolerance but if you're still within&nbsp;&nbsp; that window you can handle the stress and stay&nbsp;clear-headed. During times of extreme stress you&nbsp;&nbsp; can move outside of your window of tolerance&nbsp; into a state of hyper arousal. The sympathetic&nbsp;&nbsp; nervous system is ignited and the fight or flight&nbsp;response activated. In this state you may feel&nbsp;&nbsp; angry, irritable, chaotic, hyper-vigilant, anxious,&nbsp;have racing thoughts and a sense of restlessness. Hyper arousal results in the deactivation of&nbsp; your prefrontal cortex which is responsible for&nbsp;&nbsp; executive function such as attention and impulse&nbsp; control. When the prefrontal cortex is essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; shut down it's very difficult to think clearly&nbsp; and rationally. Stress can also make you plummet&nbsp;&nbsp; into a hypo aroused state. The parasympathetic&nbsp;nervous system is engaged and you freeze in&nbsp;&nbsp; response to stress or danger. In this state you may feel overwhelmed, emotionally numb,&nbsp;&nbsp; exhausted, lack motivation and feel depressed. Your&nbsp; body posture may collapse or curl up in a ball and&nbsp;&nbsp; you may disconnect or dissociate in order to cope. &nbsp; So in the hypo aroused state you have essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; shut down. Everyone's window of tolerance is&nbsp; different for example Peter has a wide window&nbsp;&nbsp; of tolerance for meeting deadlines and working&nbsp; evenings and weekends. Peter can tolerate the&nbsp;&nbsp; intensity of work well and the associated emotions&nbsp; but Peter's window of tolerance quickly narrows&nbsp;&nbsp; when he's in a potential conflict situation, his&nbsp; blood begins to boil and he quickly moves into a&nbsp;&nbsp; hyper aroused state of rage. At this point Peter's&nbsp; emotions are intense and difficult to manage.&nbsp;&nbsp; We all have different windows due to factors&nbsp; such as childhood experiences, social support,&nbsp;&nbsp; coping skills and our neurobiology. For example&nbsp; trauma survivors often have narrow windows&nbsp;&nbsp; and tend to spend a lot of time in a hyper or&nbsp; hypo arousal state. Now the good news is that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can widen your window of tolerance and therefore&nbsp; increase your ability to manage stress. For example&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are hyper aroused you might find it helpful&nbsp; to use techniques that settle your mind and body&nbsp;&nbsp; such as mindful breathing, listening to calming&nbsp; music, going for a gentle walk or talking to&nbsp;&nbsp; a friend. If shifting from a hypo aroused&nbsp; state this tends to require getting more active&nbsp;&nbsp; so going for a brisk walk, doing some exercise or&nbsp; engaging socially. Stimulating the senses by smell&nbsp;&nbsp; or touch, listening to uplifting music or eating&nbsp; some food with a strong taste or crunchy texture.&nbsp;&nbsp; Psychological therapy may also widen your window&nbsp; as it can provide an external source of safety,&nbsp;&nbsp; a protected space and a personal connection&nbsp; with someone. So you can learn to modulate&nbsp;&nbsp; your internal states, to raise arousal levels when&nbsp; too low and to shift them back down when too high.&nbsp;&nbsp; So by monitoring and modulating your internal&nbsp; state you can increase resilience and promote&nbsp;&nbsp; self-regulation. I've added links to a number of&nbsp; helpful exercises in the description box below. You might also be interested in the video on the&nbsp; screen now, just click the screen to view the video.&nbsp;&nbsp; I look forward to seeing you soon with&nbsp; more mental health tools and strategies.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeParker-q3x [4 likes]: When people try to get me to engage in mindfulness, I feel triggered. What works for me is to run like hell!  Then I can meditate with comparative ease. This is because I have burnt the carbs released into my bloodstream by the fight or flight response.  However, the perceived danger in my subconscious is stimulating the vagus nerve and putting my back into fight or flight.
  2. @Themayakay [3 likes]: My thing is my window of tolerance is huge. Just not with my partner. Who is the love of my life and my best friend. He deserves so much better and I want to be better.
  3. @Elkott [2 likes]: I've been stuck in the freeze area for the last 30 years struggling with emotional numbness after a traumatic event in my childhood, finally getting help now though
  4. @PorterraWithErin [2 likes]: What happens when a hyper-aroused person uses the  hypo techniques to release some of the hyper energy?  (For example,   I feel activated and unconsciously begin stress-eating, munching on crunchy things or going for a run)?   Does this make it worse because its a mis-match or does it have the effect of "off-gassing"?  Thank you for the wonderful and well articulated content.
  5. @sarahows [2 likes]: Thank you so much from a counselor-in-training.. I’m trying to find more research about your point about crunchy or strong tasting foods. Do you have sources for this type of info on sensory inputs changing the window of tolerance, by chance? Sorry to trouble you.
  6. @ラベンダー-j4b [1 likes]: とても分かりやすい動画をありがとうございます！😊
チャンネル登録しました
  7. @Dessi101 [1 likes]: My window is so narrow I can't do anything but to be still at home basically. Every attempt to go outside does not end well, my body shuts down. Every attempt to do more at home than to basically go to the loo results in fight/flight. What can I do?
  8. @paulthorne9934 [1 likes]: I can relate to all of this in every way
  9. @DaMondolorian [1 likes]: I sometimes think hypo is when you struggle to feel anything and hyper is when you feel too much without understanding what the streams of information are trying to communicate...
  10. @soulshack2953 [1 likes]: I can't see the links to the exercises. Am I missing them, or no longer there?
  11. @allisonbeaulieu8317 [1 likes]: Is the helpful exercises in the newsletter? Thank you
  12. @xevora9310 [1 likes]: Is it possible to be hyper- and hypoaroused at the same time? Anxious in the body, but numb in the mind?
  13. @jimmorgan31 [1 likes]: Just found your videos after a stressful couple weeks of social events.  I had a speech impediment as a child - eventually learning to speak well but never overcame that trauma.  For decades, out of nowhere I'll go into what seems like a simultaneous fight-or-flight and freeze response during conversations - making it difficult to think or utter a sound.  Ironically, the "clench" (as I call it) doesn't happen while public speaking or in business meetings because I'm forced to think deeply about the subject matter, but occurs most often during casual conversations that should be more relaxing.  My sudden, unpredictable hyper/hypo arousal keeps me from enjoying most interactions, engaging in small talk, or connecting as closely as I'd like with other people.  I'm not certain after watching your videos which (hyper/hypo) applies to me, and therefore how to prevent either from occurring.  I'd appreciate it, Teresa, if you have any advice or could point me in the right direction.
  14. @islandQueen246 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this, Teresa, this is great!
  15. @encouragedbyashley2679 [1 likes]: Thankyou ! As a mom of 2 this is really helpful
  16. @benhiggs8569 [1 likes]: Thanks for this, easy to understand and very informative!
  17. @rachaelledeamato3844 [1 likes]: Thank you so much. This one video explains my trauma and how my body/brain is affected.  You are amazing.
  18. @thelemonfactory705 [1 likes]: Wow what an easy explination of the window of tolerance. Thank you!!!
  19. @PhantasmKat [1 likes]: This is very helpful, because it's really hard when you don't understand what your mind is doing or why. It's either high stress or a feeling of numbness, rarely a sense of calm. it eats so much energy just to function barely
  20. @LivingMaps-c6r: Many thanks for this informative video. I do, though, have one improvement you could consider as follows. From a grammatical, academic, semantic and best practice standpoint, 'emotion regulation' is the more precise phrasing. The word emotion denotes what you are regulating; emotion is the object being regulated. The word 'emotional' describes the kind of regulating you are doing, you can't 'regulate' an 'emotional'. And, you don't want to do your regulating in an emotional way. You want to do it in a trauma informed, evidence based, mindful and appropriately supported way.The distinction can matter, particularly in educational contexts, such as YouTube videos like this one, where terminology shapes understanding.

- How to Help a Client Come Back into Their Window of Tolerance with Bessel van der Kolk & Ruth Lanius: Kind: captions Language: en clients who have experienced trauma often have difficulty regulating their emotions so how can we help them learn how to self-regulate well the first thing we need to think about is their window of Tolerance because if they're outside that window it can be difficult for them to make progress in their sessions with us when I think about self-regulation I really think about that optimum window of tolerance write that in a non traumatized client with good self-regulation skills is really quite wide so you know they have a broad window of tolerance and of course you have to be in that window of tolerance to be able to think clearly to have good relationships to plan for the future if you're outside that open window of Tolerance all those abilities I think are very much affected and so when we think about our traumatized clients who have great difficulties with self-regulation I always think of that optimum window of tolerance shrinking right so it's very narrow and usually they're either too hyper aroused or too hypo aroused which prevents them from thinking clearly of being involved in stable relationships for ransom from being really able to function at work because you know they're constantly juggling either hyper aroused or hyper aroused state so I think self-regulation is all about being in that optimum window of tolerance and widening that often window of tolerance through emotional awareness through learning how to regulate your emotions and yeah it's really coming into your body and feeling safe in your body that was dr. Ruth lanius Ruth is a professor of psychiatry and the director of the post traumatic stress disorder Research Unit at the University of Western Ontario and she's just given us an excellent snapshot of the window of tolerance that's a term from dr. dan Siegel and it's an important concept when we're working with trauma and dysregulation now expanding that window of tolerance is critical when we're helping clients learn to self-regulate so what are some practical tools we can use to do this well dr. Bessel Vandercook begins his work as soon as a client walks into his office I mean so I've been somebody walks in my office I look at the way they walk in I look at whether they're able to make eye contact and look at their breathing so one of the first things I do when I see the people is I look at whether they actually are able to live within their rib cages and I may spend the first hour with the new patients helping them to just open up their replication to breathe because as long as that primitive part of your brain is all uptight it's no used to do psychotherapy with them so you start off with the most elementary of arsal systems of the body every session I did that everybody the people have tied they may do Qigong exercises just imagine you have a ball bat he has open up your rib cage calm yourself down I'm a tap with people tap back your pressure points now how does tapping affect people well here's what Bessel has found people become quieted people get into the window of tolerance become more focused alert can actually talk about 6:00 when people appetite I like to say never leave home without a beach ball people have tried to solve beach ball back and forth we get the rhythm going yet activate most elementary secret secondly part of your brain you calm yourself down and become safe to start talking about stuff that may otherwise be too terrifying these breathing and movement exercises can be used for clients who are either hyper or hypo aroused the key thing here is helping people come back into their window of tolerance because when our clients are dysregulated it can be near impossible to do the difficult work of healing now I'd like to hear from you what have you found to be effective in helping clients learn to sell regulate please leave a comment below and thanks for watching [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @janetslater129 [36 likes]: I’m not a therapist, but journaling and drawing what’s on my mind has been very helpful.
  2. @brightstarnight10 [20 likes]: Could not agree more. Prior to PTSD and trauma I had no trouble relaxing if I needed to. PTSD has cometely changed that. I find I am hyper-aroused, I feel ALL the emotions, especially anger,  sadness, frustration. Noise, crowds, traffic,, loud dogs, babies crying   etc irritate me and I am always holding my breath without realising and clenching. To the point my neck has developed a pinched nerve over the years. I get tense, as this says, to the point I can't open my chest and take a deep breath. Running helps me discharge my pent up energy and come down into my window of tolerance but I miss having a much wider window. Not to mention yes all the cognitive issues that I face when hyper aroused. I feel unsafe resting and being still so unfortunately I only tend to to rest if I am physically sick and forced too. I miss being able to rest and be still and for it to feel good. Eg lay by a pool, meditate, or watch tv for hours on end. My brain wont shut up though and I never used to prior to PTSD get so hyper aroused and fed up and angry etc. The nerve and chronic illness, nightmares, endless medical/disability appointments, trying to mantain some type of work and present "calm", unhelpful, convoluted social government services that honestly deplete ones energy further also increases frustration too.
  3. @IdaKiss [17 likes]: I have been working with EFT Tapping since 15 years. It was an enormous help when I worked with traumatized people in large groups after huge earthquakes in Chile. EFT is my most important tool.
  4. @seabee5695 [12 likes]: This completely confirms recent experiences.  

I am reviewing NICABM videos that were watched only a few months ago,  and notice that I am able to  receive on a much deeper level now.

Your videos and outreach are making a difference.
Thank you.
  5. @conniemartin313 [11 likes]: I use “Touch Points” for myself. They are two little alternating buzzers, one for each side of the body. To self regulate I put them on full speed and put them just in front of my ears. This interrupts my OCD and PTSD. It works similarly to EMDR. Shortly after I put them there, I start to breathe more regularly. I keep them there until I can think more clearly. I also use them on low to sleep. I put them in the wrist bands that are provided and put them on my feet. They put me to sleep.
  6. @carjhb [8 likes]: I’m not a therapist but I have learned for me, walking for 6min is very helpful
  7. @Patrizia7 [3 likes]: The basic eye exercise is an amazing tool (polyvagal theory) to help clients regulate their nervous systems. Also titration with pendulation between a small irritant and an inner resource (expanded on during session)
  8. @gra6799 [3 likes]: Understanding this is a Massive Game Changer and explains so much !!!
  9. @5hydroxyT [2 likes]: the number one thing for me working in a dysfunctional medical system is to make sure I am regulated!
  10. @seabee5695 [2 likes]: A quiet calm voice that enables and allows non-threatening touch.  Sitting closely next to someone having a anxiety attack, will gently calm their nervous system. Your calm state will energetically influence theirs. 

If alone, rinse your wrists under cold water.  Then the forehead, temples, and back of neck.
  11. @amiedreyer [1 likes]: Adventure/nature therapy...if you are able to create more of an interest to be outside their bodies ....it helps broaden the window of tolerance...and then some.
  12. @onlijnatfreeler [1 likes]: Ruth Lanius, an amazing professional.
  13. @patriciamartin6309: I use Qi gong
  14. @LivingMaps-c6r: Anything that brings you back into your WOT is a hack. Effective therapy, which requires sustained effort on part of the client and great skill on part of the therapist widens it. The brain learns from experience not one offs. And BTW, the body doesn't keep the score, the brain keeps the score and the body is the scorecard (LFB).
  15. @RochelleSlyker: Havening techniques are helpful...self soothing touch to create the delta waves, connect with the body sensations and awareness quiets the story and supports regulation to create fertile ground for the work.
  16. @Brian-Anna-Bah: What about EMDR? Anyone has experience with this?
  17. @syzygy4365: It's so hard for me to self regulate. Im struggling getting everything done. Why is life so difficult? Plus I never fully heal from the pain from my last relationship. I miss him so much when he's gone. Going back doesn't help either. I feel so lost in life.
  18. @miriampopper9606: I am a psychotherapist and I integrate yoga to my seesions. Yoga has the three poles of "tamas" (cool), "rajas" (hot) and "sattvas" (centered). I practize for several minutes till my clients are in a "sattvic" state of alive and calm centeredness. Only than therapy can work!
  19. @pennytrue2741: This will make for great evidence where the predator openly acknowledges his behavior and yet still continues to sit around doing it. Enjoy your conviction and rooming with a murderer. Unfortunately I don’t like in a small town with no crimes. Our prisons are full of all kinds of predators
  20. @eyenallah: I love the beach ball idea!! Gonna bring that in for my group therapy

- Window of Tolerance: What is it and how to stay in it: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Dr. Tracy Marks, a psychiatrist, and I make mental health education videos. In a previous video, I talked about the difference between stress and anxiety and how stress causes an increase in your cortisol level, which can worsen your anxiety and have other physical effects. Stress affects people in different ways, how it affects you depends on your emotional and frustration tolerance. Dr. Daniel Siegel, a psychiatrist expanded on this concept with his construct of the window of tolerance. He described a window of tolerance as an ideal zone where when you're faced with stressful situations, you're able to cope with them in a calm and engaged manner without feeling overwhelmed by them. You're able to process your emotions with a rational mind and here are some signs that you are within your window of tolerance. You can maintain your personal boundaries, and not feel exploited by your circumstances. Your reaction to the stressor is appropriate for the situation, you feel safe, you predominantly stay in the present moment to deal with the situation instead of ruminating about the past, or worrying about the future. In other words, whatever the situation you can face it, deal with it and manage your emotions around it. For some situations you can have a wide window where it takes a lot to break you, and sometimes you can have a narrow window where you can be easily pushed outside of the window. There are two sides that fall outside of the window. On one end is where you feel overwhelmed, and enter into a hyper arousal state, your nervous system puts you into a fight or flight mode. You can feel anxious, agitated or stressed. Signs that you're in a hyper arousal state are feeling overwhelmed and unsafe. You may feel angry or agitated, you act on impulses or become defensive. You may have physical signs like heart racing, or hands trembling, and you may be emotionally labile like snapping at people or losing your cool. The other side of the window is a hypo-arousal state, and in this state your nervous system is still activated, but it puts you into a free state where you shut down or withdraw. Signs that you're here are, you feel empty or numb, you don't feel like moving like you're frozen. You feel disconnected either from your situation, other people or yourself. You may feel like you can't think, you don't have much energy or motivation to do anything. We all have a window of tolerance and how wide it is can vary depending on your circumstances. For example, things like being hungry, or tired can narrow your window and make you feel more easily frustrated. Here are some experiences that can affect the width of your window. Negative childhood experiences, your family of origin can affect the width of your window. For example, being raised by parents with narrow windows can teach you to have a narrow window. Any traumatic experience can affect your window, and other psychiatric disorders like borderline personality disorder, a post traumatic stress disorder. PTSD can make you more easily triggered to fall out of your window. Trauma experiences can make you more likely to default to the hypo-arousal state of numbness and dissociation. A dissociative state is when you become disconnected from your environment or yourself, and it's usually a temporary state that you can go in and out of. You can learn more about dissociation in this video. So what makes the window of tolerance significant? Well, it's one way that you can increase your self-awareness so you can better manage your emotions. You can become familiar with what it's like to be in your window by thinking about times that you've managed your emotions well in the setting of a stressful situation, then you can learn to recognize situations that trigger you and make it difficult to manage your emotions. If you recognize when you fall out of your window, you can do things to get back into your window. If you've moved into a hyper arousal state, here are some things that you can do to move back into your window. Mindfulness exercises, journaling affirmations, deep breathing exercises and these are just to name a few things. If you've moved into a hypo-arousal state, to move back to your window. Grounding exercises that stimulate your senses of sight, sound, touch and taste. Engaging in physical activity like yoga, or walking or engaging in something creative. Creativity is mentally stimulating. If you're not naturally creative and have no idea what you would do, try coloring mandalas. Mandalas are complex symmetrical designs with radial lines, and colorful shapes or patterns. Coloring mandalas has been a part of art therapy, and spiritual practices for many years. The theory behind how coloring works to relieve stress is this, if you think of stress or anxiety as mental turmoil, the complex designs provide a structure that your mind can used to untangle itself. The coloring pulls you into a mindful state that's relaxing and calming. A 2012 study showed that freestyle coloring where you color whatever you want was not as effective at reducing anxiety as coloring mandalas. So, there's something about the mandala pattern that's therapeutic. If you want to try this, I have some mandala patterns that you can download from my website to get you started, the link is in the description. Recognizing your window of tolerance and identifying things that kick you out of the window can help you intervene, and do things that keep yourself in the window. The wider your window, the better you'll be able to manage your stress. Watch this video for more on how stress is different from anxiety, but yet can affect anxiety. Thanks for watching, see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @5hydroxyT [1 likes]: I love the mandala idea! I do have a question about being hyperaroused: it seems like some people do things to intentionally keep themselves in a hyperaroused state (extreme sports, keeping busy with multiple tasks at the same time, constantly engaging in conflicts, etc.) - why would someone do this? are some people 'addicted' to being hyperaroused?
  2. @grahamwebb2000: I don't have a window of tolerance. It narrowed so much I've habituated to dissociation.
  3. @debrawilson8049: YELLING AT PHONE TREES , WAITING CONFUSION FEEL STUPID ANGRY. WITH ANYTHING COMPUTER OR EVEN OPENING MAIL.
I HAVE NO WINDOW.  !!!!
I
WOULD THROW MY PHONE AT THE F-ING WINDOW.!!!!
How is that???
  4. @Skytrast: Idk what I have, but I get anxious on my own for no reason and due to my thoughts… I have this intense fear for my mental Heath and that if any thought which I don’t like comes it will ruin me or cause me to kms… it’s very hard to cope and I question myself so much that who am I what do I even want.
  5. @ninibibiful: This person is the JK rolling of psychology
  6. @engchoontan8483: Hper-hypo arousal states have an intermediate-middle, present-moment. The switch-trigger to outside the mentioned window-of-tolerance is rational-mind rationalizing mathematically and strategically with an, end-date end-result Key-performance-indicator (KPI, benchmark) target. People put-up-with others for objective-purposes. Example, past 5 years of tolerance of foreign barbarians resulted in today's ability(tolerate begets advantage-ability) to flip the coin and deflect automatically on those culprits, in terms of, paranoia, delusional, make him look like a mad person (need to be logical for this tactic), make him look unlucky (need to be lucky person to be such a target), gaslighting, ...

Rationalize with end dates end target-results
Results driven = by merit
Confidence-courage in tolerance within morality-legality
We did these to western medical professional.
It is in your interests to understand what I wrote.
  7. @lucheeese: Love your videos, thank you for sharing with us.
Would be nice with direct post question from your channel to viewers of what people experience has increased their window of tolerance :)
Would be engaging and helpful
Cheers keep up the good work love from Scandinavia
  8. @aaronmiller6091: Mindbloom 2025
  9. @davidmartin6575: beautiful breakdown. I talk about the window of tolerance with all of my clients somewhere between sessions 1-3 usually. you just gave me some extra ways to describe it. thank you.
  10. @MikeySkywalker: Are your lips real? Really beautiful lips.
  11. @MikeySkywalker: Everything comes down to us and our ability, to understand what is happening inside of our mind. When you know why you are reacting a certain way, you can anticipate it. Strength is not the ability to ignore your issues, it’s the ability to acknowledge them and overcome them. Then you become the author of your own story. We are the only ones who can control how we react to the world. We can’t control how the world reacts to us.
  12. @RoadRunnergarage8570: I have been in fight or flight many times... I usually choose flight..
  13. @wasabee8228: Lmao I think they never built me a window bcs I’m always on edge, always stressed, tried dozens of meds and 8+ years of therapy and I’m still a mess, afraid to go outside because I’m so afraid of getting annoyed/angry 😢
  14. @TheMagicCrafter: Honestly feel like I'm hypoaroused nearly 24/7 it is so hard to think straight and I feel very numb and tired most of the time. 😕 How can you tell if these feelings are stress related / situation related or medication symptoms / symptoms of other underlying problems? Seems like it could be hard to tell the difference in some situations? 😬 Thank you for this though. Trying to work through some issues and trying to figure out how to "expand my window" in relation to those issues.
  15. @estellasgadtreatment698: Thank you ❤
  16. @Lladz171: 👏👏
  17. @sakuranovaryan9261: I wish I could be calm and engaged. I'm either reactive or am calm but not present at all
  18. @ChrisWill: Your videos are excellent. It's almost like white supremacy doesn't keep people from achieving greatness. 😄
  19. @Cathy-xi8cb: I was using the Window of Tolerance concept in 1994; years before Seigal wrote his book.  How?  It was first proposed by an occupational therapist named Pat Wilbarger as a theory to treat neurological self-regulation.  You can ask him yourself.  He admits that he didn't invent it.  He refined it for psychotherapy.
  20. @ano100non: Thanks

- Building DISTRESS TOLERANCE: How To Stay Present With Hard Feelings & Expand Your Comfort Zone: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm Heidi Prib. Welcome back to my channel or welcome if you're new here. For the past month and a half on this channel, we've been talking about resilience. And today in particular, I want to talk about the concept of distress tolerance. Now, this is a term that comes from the field of DBT or dialectical behavioral therapy. And I want to make clear right off the get- go that this is not a field that I am trained in. So, what this video is not going to be about is specific DBT skills. Okay? And the reason this video is not going to be about that is because there is already a wide plethora of resources available online. So if what you are looking for is skills to help you return to regulation in the moments when you are incredibly disregulated and you want to use DBT to do that, I encourage you to go check out what resources you can find online for that. I know they also have awesome workbooks for it. But what we are going to be talking about today is something slightly different which is using this concept of distress tolerance. So the ability to be present with challenging emotional states as something that you can work on proactively in order to expand your comfort zone. Now the first thing I want to talk about is the difference between distress and discomfort. When we can tolerate discomfort well, essentially what that means is that we can be present with uncomfortable or hard emotions and feelings in our body that aren't necessarily pleasant without going into one of our four F responses. So the four F responses are fight, flight, freeze, and fawn. Fight is essentially when our bodies are getting pumped with adrenaline and we believe that we have to defend ourselves at any cost. Flight is when we believe that we absolutely must escape a situation, either literally or mentally or emotionally. Freeze is when our systems feel immobilized and like it's not safe to make a move in any direction until we can stop and figure out exactly what's going on. And fawn is a state in which we are automatically deferring to the wants or needs of other people without being able to access or get clear on what our own are. Now what I want to make clear is that these are all highly adaptive things in the right situations. So in situations where you are genuinely under threat, these are good responses for the body to have because essentially what they do is they shut down that part of the mind that is trying to reason and make sense of the situation and they react based on pure instinct. Again, this is very useful in the right situations. The problem is that if one of these four F responses repeatedly comes online for us in situations where we are not genuinely under threat, those responses tend to create a lot of problems for us that don't need to exist because maybe we are now chronically avoiding situations that it would be better for us to be present with and deal with head on. Or maybe we are constantly fighting back against things that it would actually be more adaptive for us to once again just be present and work through calmly. Maybe we are freezing and shutting down in situations where actually help would be available to us if we knew how to look for and source it. Or maybe we're fawning in situations and assuming that we need to appease another person when in fact that person would actually be a safe person for us to express our genuine preferences to. So essentially, I'm defining distress in this video as any emotional state that feels intolerable for us and flips us into one of those 4F responses unconsciously. And discomfort, I'm defining as an emotional state that is uncomfortable and unpleasant in most cases, but that we are able to stay present with and we are able to make conscious choices around how we want to deal with it. So once again, if you're in a situation that is genuinely bad for you, you can still deal with it from a place of discomfort because when you're in a state of discomfort, you are still able to recognize things like I don't like the way I'm being spoken to or I feel like a lot of pressure is being applied on me that I don't like. So again, this is not about making the intolerable tolerable. It is about choosing which situations we would like to increase our capacity to have conscious choice around and working specifically on building our muscles in those areas. So some examples of areas where we might want to build up our distress tolerance can essentially be found in anything that we kind of think would be good for us but that we are very afraid of so we avoid like the plague. So attachment strategies give really good examples of this. If we air more anxious, it might be really hard for us to leave relationships that we know are not working anymore or that are bad for us because we might have a paralyzing fear of being alone and without support. And so you might identify an area where you want to build your distress tolerance. So an area where you want to transmute that distress into discomfort as learning to be single or to be alone without panicking at the very thought of experiencing that discomfort because it's the fear of the discomfort itself that often keeps us stuck in bad situations. An example of this is I used to be very afraid of flying. And so in my mid20s I went to a therapist to try to start working with this fear. And one of the questions they asked me was,"Well, are you afraid of dying?" And I thought about it and I went, "You know what? I'm not actually. Every day I get in cars. I know that cars are very liable to crash and I actually don't really have a fear of dying in a car accident. I don't have a fear of dying in a lot of circumstances because I figure that once I'm dead, I won't really know the difference. But I do have a fear of getting on planes." And I realized that what I was actually afraid of was not dying on the plane. It was that I had this idea in my head of what it would feel like to realize my plane was crashing. And I was so afraid of the distress that I imagined I would feel in that instance that I would avoid flying altogether because the anticipation of that distress was what I was actually afraid of. Okay, so I'm going to break that down again. It's often the fear of being in distress that we are afraid of and that keeps us stuck in bad situations. So when I was unable to get on an airplane, not because I actually thought my life was going to end, but because I knew that from the moment I booked the flight, I would spend months replaying in my head the 30 to 60 seconds of panic I imagined I would feel as the plane went down. I started wanting to avoid flying altogether because I was so afraid of anticipating distress. And again, we can parallel this to all sorts of things. A lot of us stay in bad situations because we are afraid of the distress that we might encounter if we were to leave them and be forced to deal with things like being on our own. An example from the more avoidant side of the spectrum. Very often avoidance are criticized for being afraid of commitment. I personally do not believe that anybody is afraid of commitment as a construct. But what's happening for a lot of avoidance is that they recognize on a sematic level that when they get into relationships, they tend to feel a lot of pressure that is taxing on the nervous system. And it's not that they are afraid necessarily of committing to a human being. It's that there is this unconscious fear of having to live perpetually in that state of distress. And so this flight response, this backing away and not wanting to get too close to people often functions as a protective mechanism for avoiding the chronic stress that comes online when they find themselves in mutually dependent relationships. So there is an unconscious state of distress happening and when we can learn to transform distress into discomfort. So to make conscious for ourselves what the body is responding to in the moments where one of our 4F responses comes online and then learning to stay present and attuned to that thing without needing to automatically escape that feeling. That's when we develop the skill of adapting ourselves to new situations that we might want to choose to adapt ourselves to. So there are a couple ways of working on distress tolerance. One way is to develop regulation strategies that you can pull out in a moment of distress. And this is what the field of DBT focuses on. I'm just going to be completely honest and say the reason why I'm making this video is because that just doesn't work for me. It has almost always been very challenging for me to work on distress only in the moments when it's present for me. And it has helped me immensely to work on building my distress tolerance in between moments of distress so that my body and my nervous system had a blueprint it could fall back on in those moments for how to deal with them. So we're going to talk about how to do that. And there are three cardinal rules that I think it's really important to internalize when we start working with distress tolerance. The first rule is that the body and the brain learn differently. So the brain learns things through grasping concepts. We generally say that we know something or that we understand something when we are able to explain it in words and when we have a kind of clear and coherent idea of it inside of our heads. But this is very differently than how the body learns. The body learns through experience. So the body knows something is true when it has experienced it and it has formed a memory of that experience that lives again in the nervous system. So a big mistake that a lot of us make when we're trying to work with things like trauma or our physiological preferences is that we think just frontloading our brains with information will get us to the point where our body now trusts that it's safe to behave differently. And what I want to make clear is that I'm not knocking the conscious way of learning. The mind is very important for things like discernment and figuring out where we even need to do this work in the first place. But the body has to learn through experience. So if we want to build up our distress tolerance, we cannot simply frontload our brain with a bunch of information about triggers and the nervous system and how this all works. We have to actually go put ourselves in situations where we are making the choice to react differently than we have in the past. And then we have to stay present and associated for long enough that our body is able to log the experience as a memory of a time when we did something and stayed safe. And the thing that's really important to remember here is that we can be in a flight response mentally. So if I have a phobia of flying and I force myself to get on a 100 airplanes, if I am just dissociating through the entire experience, my body is not going to log that flight as a memory of a time when I was safe because I was not relaxing into the experience and allowing myself to actually log in my body. I am safe here. Okay. Now I want to once again be clear. Safe does not mean I feel good. Safe does not mean I like this environment. Safe just means I am able to relax and be present and at choice about how I'm responding without my life being in danger. So our bodies learn distress tolerance not through the mind but through the nervous system. And that's just one of the cardinal rules we're going to keep in mind as we talk about how to do the process of building this tolerance. The next cardinal rule is that we have to meet our bodies and our nervous systems where they are at not where we think they should be at otherwise this skill never gets built. So if we think it is absolutely ridiculous that we are afraid of something or if we think that we absolutely should be able to be present with distress in X Y or Z scenario. If our body does not agree, nothing else matters. Because our body does not trust the conscious mind's judgment. It trusts its own judgment. I can recognize with my conscious mind that flying is statistically not that dangerous. Or that telling someone you're upset with them or that advocating for your needs in a relationship and setting a boundary with someone is probably not that dangerous or that being single is not that dangerous. But we have to meet our bodies where they are at and where their belief system lies in order to begin working on this. Otherwise, what's going to happen is as soon as you're in a situation where your conscious mind says this is safe and your body says no, it's not, your body is going to hit the override switch on your conscious mind and it is going to react based on instinct. So, we have to be willing to start building distress tolerance. not where we think it's rational to, but by taking cues from our body and the things that we systematically avoid to get clear on what our bodies believe is safe versus nonsafe and taking that seriously, even if it feels ridiculous to our conscious minds. And the third thing to keep in mind when working on building distress tolerance is that we need to practice wise discernment about what we are adapting ourselves to. So, I can use the skill of distress tolerance to train my nervous system to feel totally zened out when a grizzly bear is attacking me. But if I end up in that situation and practice that skill, I'm probably going to end up dead. And so, what we want to do here is use the conscious mind to determine for ourselves, what would I like to be more at choice about in my life? What are some areas where I see myself getting triggered and have identified as an area that I would like to be able to handle from a non-triggered state? Not because I want to just take whatever is happening lying down, but because I want to be able to respond from the wisest part of myself. So, this is not about learning to tolerate the intolerable. It is about learning to be more present with and at choice about all of the circumstances of our lives because we are marrying the cognition of the mind with the wisdom of the nervous system and getting them to start working together. So, we're going to talk a little bit about how to do this. And I want us to think of this as kind of like going to the gym and just building this muscle so that when the time comes to lift up something important, you are pre-trained. You have given your nervous system enough experiences of sitting with emotions that used to flip you into a distress state in a safe context that you now have bodybased memories of how to be with that distress. And I'll give more examples of what that looks like as we go through. The first step in working with distress tolerance is pinpointing what internal state we are afraid of encountering and then finding environments we can practice being in that state within that are contained. And what contained means in this context is an environment where you know what is going to happen. So we're going to take this back and move slowly through this. In order to figure out what internal body state you are afraid of, you generally have to look at what you chronically avoid in your life. So this requires us developing an understanding of the fact that what we are afraid of is generally not located inside of the thing that we are avoiding. It is located inside of us. We are afraid of getting trapped in a physiological state that feels intolerably distressing. So if I imagine myself, let's say being alone or setting a boundary with someone or getting on an airplane, what is it that I'm imagining my physical state would be? My emotional state would be. And that is likely what needs to get worked with, our ability to tolerate that state. And when we can do this, we learn that it's not the things in our environment we're afraid of. It's our inability to tolerate the feelings that come up in our bodies and our awareness when we interact with those things. And so building distress tolerance is about learning to tolerate those emotions and those physiological experiences well enough to be at choice with how we interact with the object. So again, step one is about figuring out what internal state we are so afraid of encountering that we feel like we don't know how to tolerate and then putting ourselves in environments that are well contained. So generally what this means is an environment where you have someone like a therapist, a coach, a support group who is able to provide you with a sense of certainty around what will definitely happen if you go into that state. So, an example, I've talked on this channel before about doing the practice of radical honesty in my attachment healing work. And a big part of radical honesty involves learning to stay associated to anger. So, when you go into a radical honesty workshop, a lot of what happens is that people are encouraged to express anger, but also to stay present with what is happening for them when they are in anger. So, it's not about unleashing on another person and telling them everything you hate about them. It's about noticing I'm really angry and I can tell people that I'm really angry and I'm going to keep my awareness on what is happening for me physiologically. My face is getting flushed or my hands want to curl into fists or my face is scrunching up in a certain way. Right? And you're encouraged to pay attention to your body and what is happening physiologically when you are in an angry state. and getting routinely coached through a state of anger and learning I can go into anger without being in danger because there was a coach who was there helping me stay present and associated to the moment while I was in anger changed my relationship with it forever. The same kind of thing happened to me once when I had a very strong abandonment trigger go off. So, I had a situation where in a long-term romantic relationship, I had something happen that hardcore triggered a really deeply buried fear of abandonment. And as soon as this happened, at this point, I was pretty aware of what a trigger felt like in my body. So, I went and I asked my therapist if they would be available for kind of an emergency call. And luckily, they were. And I will never forget sitting down with my therapist for that session and them saying to me, "Hey, it's really clear to me you're in the middle of a trigger. Do you want to try co-regulating through it and learning that you can come down from this trigger? And I had built enough relational trust with this person to know that they were not going to take advantage of anything I said or did in a triggered state. And my therapist, who also luckily was very traumainformed and very good with somatic modalities, helped me stay very aware of what was happening in my body and my environment while I was in the trigger as well as while I was coming down from it. And this ability to stay present with where we are, what's going on around us, and what's happening in our bodies as we are working through these distressing states is crucial for giving our bodies the message that we can stay associated and present in these states and still survive them and in a lot of cases end up making better choices because we have been able to stay present. And so the work on this step actually starts long before the first time a trigger goes off within a contained environment. This step starts when we begin to identify for ourselves environments where it might someday be safe to do that. So for myself, I worked with my therapist for years before I ever came to that therapist in a triggered state and trusted that I would be guided through it effectively. I went to multiple radical honesty workshops and watched lots of people get coached through anger before my body started to believe this is a safe place to express anger and be held in it. I went to a lot of 12step groups. I used to go to ACA pretty regularly and watched a lot of people do very vulnerable shares and watched how nobody was allowed to ridicule them or even respond to what they were sharing before I felt comfortable practicing sharing more vulnerable things myself. So step one is figuring out where do I want to build this distress tolerance and where can I find a contained environment that I can go to to practice that skill within. And then we generally have to go put ourselves in that environment and give our bodies proof by watching other people do this or by building a therapeutic relationship that involves trust that when it's time to show up in that state in that environment, we are probably going to be safe. So this is the process of our body learning to trust certain select environments as safe which builds up to the body trusting the conscious mind in the instances where we go hey I am going to try to go into this emotional state in this context because I've seen what will happen if I do pinpointing the inner state we want to work on finding the environments that can contain them giving our bodies proof by being present in those environments that those things will be contained and then trying it out for ourselves. That is all step one in learning to build emotional distress tolerance. Step two is designing self-contained spaces for dealing with our challenging emotions. So another example of this is I used to immensely struggle with sadness. My body would automatically regulate me out of the emotion of sadness because again sadness is often about being in despair and being in a state where you are recognizing your own helplessness. which because of my own early patterning was something my body thought I would die if I were to do. And so at the point in my life where I was doing a lot of this emotional work and working on building up my tolerance to be present with different emotions, I was also going through the breakup of a long-term relationship. And something I noticed one day as I was sitting in my room, I was living in Colorado at the time, was that a song came on that reminded me of my exartner and I felt the tiniest twinge of sadness, which is a feeling that historically my body would take me immediately out of. I would go right into a mental flight response and start thinking about something really positive and exciting in the future and I would regulate myself out of that state of sadness. And I went, you know what? What if I actually stay with this? What if I give myself five minutes to practice being with this sadness? What if I restart this song that I'm listening to that's reminding me of my ex and actually just try if I can to really sink into that experience and notice what happens in my body if I just let myself be sad on the condition that when this song is over I'm going to go outside and I'm going to go for a hike because I knew without a shadow of a doubt that I was going to feel differently when I was outside hiking and I was getting endorphins pumping through my system and looking at beautiful views. And so I went, what if I created an environment for myself where similar to in a workshop, I knew that after I sunk into this feeling, I was then going to do something that was going to take me out of it. Because generally my fear of going into feelings of sadness or helplessness were around the fact that I thought they were going to last forever because I didn't know how to take myself out of those states. I had never learned to go into them for long enough to find my way back out. And so I created an experiment where I would listen to the full song, actually try to amplify and really be present with the body sensations of sadness and loss and then take myself out of it deliberately. And it worked surprisingly well. And so the next day I decided, what if I recreate this on purpose? What if I spend 20 minutes today really trying to be with my experience of loss and pain and sadness? And then I go on a hike. And the reason why that second part is really important was because I was teaching my body, not my mind, my body by giving it a new experience that if you go into sadness, you will come out of it. And I did this day after day after day for a couple of weeks. And then something really interesting happened to me. One night, I was walking home late at night from my co-working space and I was thinking about another situation in my life. not the breakup, but just another thing that I was going through that felt challenging. And I noticed my body response of sadness spontaneously coming online, which again was almost unheard of for me. And I noticed I was at this very particular choice point because I couldn't take myself hiking if I went into the sadness afterwards because it was like 10:00 at night. And so I went, I'm just going to try out going into this feeling without knowing when it's going to end. And I'm going to see what happens. And so I walked home and I stayed really present with my physiological state with my heavy eyelids and my limbs that felt heavy and kind of like I was dragging myself through the street. And I allowed myself to go to sleep in that state. And I woke up feeling incredibly renewed, like I had just had a long cry, even though I hadn't actually cried. But I had learned a really important lesson in my body, which is that sadness passes and it's safe to go into it. And the way I learned that lesson was by designing an experience for myself where it was definitely true and practicing that experience over and over and over again until my body had a memory of it that it could trust. It's not enough to know that sadness ends. We have to give our bodies the experience of going into sadness and having it end, of going into anger and having it end, of going into aloneeness or even things like true abandonment and recognizing that we do not die by staying associated with that experience until we reach the end of the stress cycle and recognize I am safe. Okay, so this step is all about learning to contain environments for ourselves so that after we have learned in a safe environment how to practice this skill, we can now start doing it at home. And the third and last step of this process is really just that it is noticing that we are now able to experience more spontaneous emotion and we have a framework for how to be present with those emotions without flipping into one of our four F responses. So again, when I'm sad about something, it doesn't mean that I'm going to allow the sadness to go on forever. What it means is that I'm going to be present with the sadness. I'm not going to freak out that it's happening in my body, and so I'm actually going to be able to stay on the page with it for long enough to listen to what it is trying to tell me. Often sadness means that there's something we need to let go of, or there's something that's not working for us anymore. And if we never listen to that, we never internalize that. and make the changes that we need to make in our lives. Same goes with anger. Anger is often a really good indication that we need to be setting a boundary or saying no to something. And if we are never present with anger for long enough to do that, one of two things starts happening. We either live with no boundaries or we start trying to get other people to enforce our boundaries for us and basically start outsourcing all of our self-p protection. So the idea of working intentionally and proactively with distress tolerance is that we have the capacity to recognize what we are avoiding in our external world. Recognize that what we are actually afraid of is what will happen inside of our own minds, bodies and systems if we encounter that thing. And then we can start working with that feeling in environments that are safe and developmentally appropriate. So again that cardinal rule you have to meet your body where your body is at or else you will overload it and flip into distress. And through that process we can learn to transform distress into discomfort and we can be present enough with that discomfort to start making wiser choices about how we handle our lives because we are able to actually listen to the wisdom of what our emotions are trying to tell us. All right, this has been a long video, so I'm going to leave it at that for today. But as always, any questions, anything you have coming up for you as you go through this video, please leave them in the comments section below. I love you guys. I hope you're taking care of yourselves and each other, and I will see you back here again really soon. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HelloNowGirl [3 likes]: I am triggered by my narcissistic parents and their entitlement and criticism. My big win was not allowing myself to get triggered and fight back when they let it slip at my bday dinner that they were secretly planning a luxury trip with my sister behind my back. I got quiet instead and asked some calm questions and practiced extreme stillness within. I noticed my mom started fawning and complimenting me to pull me back into being ok with their actions. I stayed calm and detached from her manipulation and they couldn't get to me. I felt sad the next few days but wide awake. I'm 61 and just now waking up to what my childhood really was- my job was to put my parents and their needs and emotions first always. Not any more.
  2. @D.Dimitrov-e4d [2 likes]: I love this video beacuse today I felt distress due to a call that made me feel guilty/shameful. I remembered this video and had the courage to sit with the feeling and to not allow myself go into fawn or flight (avoidance). It just feels like a superpower to be able to deal with tasks you used to avoid and to process the emotion without needing harmful coping techniques
  3. @frondtender [2 likes]: this is the best explanation of distress tolerance I've heard. I appreciate that you broke it down into small steps and explained the difference between knowing something in our minds and in our bodies. I hadn't heard it expressed in that way before, but it made a lot make sense for me. thanks for this!
  4. @JulianeGünther-c5q [1 likes]: For me it is lashing out in anger when I get triggered in relationships and at the same time, intense fear of abandonment. If I wasn't so scared of the relationship failing and "not having anyone", this wouldn't be necessary. But how do I practise this in a safe environment so that it sticks and my body learns?
  5. @svkbw1921 [1 likes]: I feel like I can never have hard conversations because they have low distress tolerance and struggles with sitting in discomfort.
  6. @heatherwiner2883 [1 likes]: How do I practice distress tolerance when nothing in my life feels safe?
  7. @nononobutyes: I need more of that true abandonment, that one was the most important one for me.
  8. @htfoza-solis781: Also whenever I’m about to commit to a new opportunity or negotiate I experience massive fear and anxiety. And this flood emotion. Thank you for the insight
  9. @htfoza-solis781: 💯💯 Wow. Its been so hard to stay present when my mind randomly gets triggered and I feel hypersensitive or anxiety due to a new problem. It’s so so hard to process such emotions.
  10. @deborapichel6029: This video is EXCELLENT. I never realized how much I dissociate when I feel a strong negative emotion and after fact it would often be like I wasnt even in that place, like my body was there but I could not recollect what was said. Self-talk alone does not work, I've tried to hype myself up so many times and I came to the conclusion that sth was wrong with me and my anxiety. Thank you for posting this
  11. @The_Mandarin-1: I have attempted titration many times but always end up retraumatizing myself. When triggered it can take hours to get out of my dysregulation. The problem is that I will not be triggered in a place where i know what will happen. I will be triggered because I am unsure what will happen. My physical state will be frozen as will my mind. I fear losing control of myself. I don't know any therapists that work with people in public spaces so I don't know how they could support me.
  12. @honoka7917: 11:50 the cardinal rules ! we need to feel it in our nervous system, not just disassociating
  13. @ehloos: Yes, but I can’t get myself out of the sadness so easily.. am I doing something incorrectly or just I think people are different with experiencing emotions.. when sadness comes it lasts, sometimes for days, sometimes weeks, sometimes months. @heidipriebe
  14. @lululimonz: Please stop mispronouncing plethora
  15. @jenniferh8334: Thank you. Helps alot 😊
  16. @YimingCai: This was mind blowing for me
  17. @Catzli17: Thank you. 🙏
  18. @SA-lz1vx: She speaks really fast. Had to listen at 0.90 speed
  19. @User1360-j1w: I have a tendancy to just flee if disagreement occur with someone I am seeing , instead of telling my needs I tend to just say that person isn't good for me and I stop seeing them
  20. @janetharrison5742: Thankyou, Heidi. Very informative. ❤

- How to Increase Your Emotional Capacity | Catriona Morten: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everybody i'm catriona i'm a central motor psychotherapist and today i'd like to talk to you about the window of tolerance this is a term that we use a lot in sensory water work and it literally describes the level of tolerance we have about what our capacity is to cope with things anxiety emotions all kinds of things our window is created for us as we grow up and it's very linked into our attachments which we talked about in a previous video the more tolerance we have for things the wider our window's going to be so the more that our carers were able to regulate us when we were little when we're upset frightened in pain we learn that actually the world isn't such a terrible scary place we're not always fearful about what's going to come at us and we have much more resilience and capacity to cope with whatever happens to us some of it is a bit to do with our dna and our makeup you know we are born with certain characteristics and certain physiological aspects to us but an awful lot of how much capacity we have depends on what experiences we've had and how our needs have been met so we think of the window as an actual window and within it the wavy lines that go up and down are our affect our emotions our body sensations and it goes up and down throughout the day at the top of our window then we're really near the top of our capacity and if we go outside of that then our thinking brains go offline and we feel like we can't cope we're maybe into a bit of dissociation so not really feeling as present here we're certainly not able to think if we go down the bottom end then we're likely to go into a collapse or a freeze and it's when we drop out of our window or we live our life at the very edges that we start to experience problems we've got too many toxic chemicals and hormones going around in our body we've got a lot of adrenaline we're fired up we've got a lot of cortisol and it doesn't matter which end of the window we're at we're still very activated whether we're into a slump or freeze or a complete panic and a sense of not feeling like we're in reality and we don't know what's going on and a bit out of control so what we want to do with people is to help them widen this window the wider our window the more we can cope with the narrower window we haven't got so much at our disposal and so things are going to affect us much more there's not so much freeway to go outside of our window when we go out of our window then we are much more likely to register that as a traumatic overwhelming experience and it's going to get lodged in that bit of our brain the amygdala the smoke detector that's going to keep firing off so it makes a lot of sense to have our window as wide as possible so how do we do that when we have things that really disturb us or trigger us that we really don't like make us feel really really uncomfortable then we'll tend to avoid them when we avoid them you know they're kind of there and we're doing everything we can to not encounter them to not think about them to not experience them so that we're not triggered in sensory motor work what we want to do is take little pieces of these experiences to notice the effect that it has on us to be able to stay regulated to know what resources we need so we can be more tolerant of this thing as we go on with that not only do we become more tolerant of it but actually it doesn't bother us anymore and this is the same for our triggers and our past traumas we're triggered and we're out of our window we can't cope without function if we can take little pieces of these memories of these experiences of these triggers and manage to stay within our window and keep regularly to keep grounded then we're building up our tolerance for it and it's not just the case that we're not so frightened of it anymore physiologically it's not having the same impact on us so it's not shooting us up to the top or down to the bottom so if we always freeze at the thought of something or someone then we need to be able to just keep edging a little bit closer to it so that we don't go right to the epicentre but we keep edging in in little circles in so that we can take one step nearer and be okay that way we widen this window it becomes a much wider band of things that we can tolerate and a lot of people that we we talk about some of our posts find feeling emotions too overwhelming it's just too much when we can be able to sit with just little bits of these emotions and track them and follow them and not be afraid of them and see that actually we can sit with them and nothing terrible happens we might cry we might be a bit upset we might feel a little bit angry and a little bit shaky but we don't have to do anything with it then we're going to widen this window for our capacity to feel these emotions to experience them to be comfortable with them the more comfortable we can be with our emotions the more we can process the things that are happening the more we can be connected to people in an emotional level the more experiences we can have and feel them so it benefits us in so many different ways not just from being able to tolerate more of our traumas from our past but it means that we're not so likely to get traumatized when we're out and about doing things we'll have way more capacity to cope once we've widened this we feel it we know that we've got that and it gives us that innate sense of confidence that i know i can be upset i know i can be angry i know i can be frightened but i can still function so it's a really good way of us getting back some of our control so if you feel that this applies to you and you're a little bit avoidant you tend to avoid things instead of facing them or dealing with them then just try practice this try thinking of something that you find a little bit unpleasant don't don't start with something you know big and huge and hideous it's always something that's just a bit unpleasant notice what happens notice what emotions are attached to it and just sit with it for example big family favorite spiders if you visualize picture a spider you might even want to look at a picture of a spider be aware of your reaction do you pull away from it just notice what happens notice what happens to your breathing your body temperature what starts to change when you can just sit with it and be aware of it breathe through it feel strong feel grounded feel present whatever helps you stay okay in here when this image of the spiders around then you're widening your window you can even build up to bigger heavier scarier spiders if that works for you whatever you use if you're using spiders then bring the picture closer and just find a way of building your capacity up widening this window increasing your tolerance levels so in essence the wider we get our window the more we can take part in life the more we can feel that the world is a place that we can go out and enjoy and experience and be adventurous and curious the wider this is the more capacity we have as humans to live their life do the things that we want to do so i hope this all makes sense and i really thank you for your time and attention if you've got any questions just send them to us if you've enjoyed this then give us a thumbs up like and subscribe down below and we look forward to seeing you again next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Overarainbow-rr1ly [9 likes]: Very informative. Thank you very much. I have a suggestion. Can the sound of the music a bit lower than your voice while you are explaining things?
  2. @stacielivinthedream8510 [4 likes]: OMG, the music is offensively loud!!!!😢😡
  3. @V_BuraddoRaddo_V: Im a trader and certain things trigger me and make me act out of the system
Im trying to fid that
Thanks a lot for this informative video
  4. @l.p.8298: This was great
  5. @sotirioua: Greetings from Cyprus !!!
  6. @alexandraknowles1356: Hi, I’m interested that you associate going out the top of the windows with dissociation. I have  usually seen dissociation associated with the bottom of the window.  
I’m keen to nuance my understanding, so could you say more? 
Thanks

- Resilience and Widening the Window of Tolerance: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in many ways the work that we're doing as mental health practitioners is to help people widen their window of Tolerance all of the tools and this is a particular frame you know see if it holds water for you it's like all of the tools and the competence and the interventions that you have learned up until now many of those will be in service of helping clients widen their window of tolerance to be able to be with greater and greater forms of stress and adversity that they'll face in their lives whether it's the level of Attunement and connection that you are bringing to a client interaction whether it's an intervention that you're making around say cognitive behavioral work an intervention around sematic psychology and embodiment all of those different tools are often in service of helping people widen their window of Tolerance in my experience when I'm doing my best work not sure about all of you my my windows wide that I'm in a place where it would take a lot for me to bump up against my edges and then my client can actually feel my wide window and I can become something of a a psychobiological regulator for that client so just invite you to take a moment um as we shift into talking about resilience of noticing the signs for you that you are outside of your window for every one of us it's going to be different just notice what tells me what are the signs and symptoms that I am either in Orange here in disregulation or maybe I'm even in the red here in hyperarousal or hypoarousal kind of fight flight or freeze but it's useful for us to know what are those subtle signs and symptoms I'll say for me um I can become quite irritated uh my my sense of hearing becomes hyper sensitive my eyes become more myopic I can't really see in my peripheral vision so just notice for yourself here what are your signs and then let's shift here to talking about resilience so as promised with this session the window the whole point here was to know how we could support clients support clients in being able to work skillfully with stress really to tolerate more and more of the adversity that they might be facing and this is the point here but first let's before we get into practices let me just Define resilience here and what I mean so resilience is is really as I've been saying our ability to bounce back from adversity it's when a client is able to say I was under this hardship but I can actually feel fundamentally okay I have tools and strategies that enables me to bounce back and this is immediately where resilience ties into the window you know the way that I tend to think about resilience is very much like moss it literally is resilient as you Tamp it down it Springs back you know there's this ability for us to come back into balance Harmony and a sense of well-being and that's very much like the window if you imagine that stress weighing down on a client that we're working with what are the tools and strategies that will allow them to actually widen their window and come back into resilience when a client again is under stress their window will shrink when a client is resilient when they have tools and strategies they will be able to widen their window over time so here's the pivot in the whole session here how do we do this you what are the tools that we can offer to clients that will enable them to work skillfully with their own windows and be able to be more resilient over time

  Top Comments:
  1. @fjg9657: Helpful  insight.

- Expanding Your Window of Tolerance: Kind: captions Language: en hello my name is Victoria Hower today I'm excited to be talking to you about expanding your window of Tolerance and how it relates to your nervous system first we'll get familiar with your window your window of Tolerance is when your nervous system feels safe feels secure feels grounded and able to tolerate the natural es and flow of Life able to access emotion and reason and it's not just a state where we feel calm all the time we can access all the emotions um just within our limits of our window of Tolerance you can also think about it as if you're able to breathe they be able to slow down your thoughts um you're in your window of Tolerance now people who experience trauma might have a more narrow window of Tolerance and might spend a lot more time outside of it in terms of expanding your window of Tolerance there are things that we can work on to make it larger because trauma rewires our brain we want to think we can think of this as neuroplasticity it's a term that applies to when our brain is open to rewiring in poly vagal Theory we call the state ventral vagal um and these allow our brain this allows our brain to rewire so if you want to expand your window of Tolerance you want to spend more time in that window of Tolerance you might create some rituals around connecting to people animals nature art or music you might prioritize things that feel playful working with your inner child you might prioritize self-care and you might work on body awareness doing exercises that have you mindfully connecting with your bodily Sensations so that's the window of Tolerance when we go above our window of Tolerance we're in hyperarousal this is also called Fight or Flight it's a state where our nervous system goes in response to stress or a threat in poly vagal Theory this is called the sympathetic state of our nervous system when this happens we might feel angry irritable hypervigilant anxious we might have racing thoughts feel Restless or have difficulty breathing when we're in this state the part of our brain that handles executive function can literally shut down that's really impacts our ability to make decisions when we're up in hypoarousal and we want to get back down to our window of Tolerance there are some practices that we can engage and we can think of it as down regulating something you can try is to shake your hands raise and drop your heels try about 30 seconds of dancing to your favorite song you can try orienting to your environment through connecting with the five senses what you can see what you can hear hear what you can smell taste or touch you can try splashing cold water on your face you can try elongating your exhales these are all things that can help us come back down into our window of Tolerance sometimes from our window of Tolerance we might go below it and this state is called hypoarousal it's also called Freeze State again it's a response to a perceived threat or extreme amount of stress it's called d state in poly vagal Theory it's when we go into a shutdown mode for safety we might feel overwhelmed emotionally numb have low motivation feel a depressed mood just feel in general shut down when we're in this state can be very hard to engage and we want to think about upregulating into this window of Tolerance we want to think about stimulating versus soothing through the five senses so you might want to try a salty or sour food or smelling a sharper scent like peppermint something cool to try could also be humming gargling or drinking water this stimulates your throat which is connected to your vagal tone and might help regulate a good stretch to try when you're in hypo arousal is the cat Cow stretch um I always like singing a silly song narrating what I'm doing or what I want to do um and another great thing to do when you're in that hypo arousal is to try laughing so how can we incorporate these into our lives how can we remember that we have these really simple things to try in the moment think of it like rituals when it comes to expanding our window of Tolerance is there a ritual that you can incorporate even just once a week can you incorporate 2% of it can you find your growing Edge because growing doesn't happen hanging out there in space we want to find the very edge of where we're growing and just build outward a little bit at a time and remember anything that you're doing to increase your awareness of what state your nervous system is in what it's feeling and what it needs is going to be expanding your window always remember that we're wired for connection so if it's hard to do these things alone that also makes sense can seek out others work with a therapist or attend our monthly meditation group to start regulating practices and don't forget to check out more on our website my th nc.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @YourDailyHopeandEncouragement: Hey there! Just stumbled upon your video, and I must say, it's incredibly insightful on expanding our window of tolerance. The way you delve into understanding emotions and our nervous system is truly eye-opening. As someone who also explores emotional resilience and inner peace through on my Christian channel, I deeply appreciate your unique perspective on this important topic. Subscribed and looking forward to more enriching content from your channel!
  2. @tabithabasye2440: And what would one do if the window is just closed, locked & shuttered up?  I know all the techniques to control my body, my heart rate, calm my emotions, etc.  not working.  My window is shut.  I’m not depressed, the secretary in my brain has just quit.

- Window of Tolerance: Kind: captions Language: en the window of tolerance is a model which helps to understand the variable nature of an individual's capacity and ability to cope and function we all have zones or ranges of optimal coping and functioning as shown by the green band in the diagram this is known as our window of tolerance when an individual is within their optimal zone or window of tolerance they are able to experience and tolerate thoughts and emotions and they are able to cope with the ups and downs opportunities and challenges of everyday life without much difficulty they will be more able and likely to take in and process information think logically and make informed decisions and respond and behave in developmentally appropriate ways windows of tolerance that is the degree to which we can cope will vary from person to person and will vary for each individual depending on what we are doing and what is happening around us those who have a narrow window of tolerance may feel as though their emotions are highly changeable or intense which can be overwhelming and hard to cope with others with a wider window of tolerance may feel as though they experience less noticeable ups and downs or that emotions are not frequently intense and overwhelming it is important to remember all of us emotions and for each of us what we can cope with or how much we can cope with will vary factors that impact the size of our window of tolerance include the number of demands and stresses we have life events including change and transition and adverse life experiences relationships and interactions with other people our stage of development and our physical health individual factors such as physical health diet activity levels and sleep repeated or multiple negative experiences such as multiple stressors traumatic or upsetting life events challenging or unsupportive relationships with others may narrow our window of tolerance therefore impacting on our longer-term ability to cope with similar situations or emotional responses conversely repeated or multiple positive such as minimal stressors experiences of mastery and pleasure supportive and nurturing relationships may widen our window of tolerance therefore enabling and building resilience tolerance and regardless of the size of an individual's window of tolerance there are times when everyone is faced with situations that result in thoughts and feelings which are overwhelming and intolerable which we feel unable to at these times we are no longer within our window of tolerance our resilience coping and functioning become compromised

  Top Comments:
  1. @briseboy [4 likes]: A COMMON  highly disturbing variable destructive to children's lives, is Alcohol use by a parent.
Alcohol massively reduces normal tolerance windows in such parents, as does religion, contributing to widespread abuse, and too often later adoption of these twin evils, by the abused offspring.

Thus societies remain medieval, for centuries beyond the escape from delusions and violence any actual normal human would expect, as inculcation prevents ful human development, for the lifetimes of those caught in the GABAergic effects of both alcohol and religion, passing these dementing cognitive harms, with no end or even substantial relief in sight, or to be expected.

Such distorted cultish societies deserve significant active change.

- Polyvagal Theory Decoded | The Hidden Truth About Your Nervous System with Dr. Mel Hopper Koppelman: Kind: captions Language: en From my perspective, it's telling us two things. One of those things is people are more aware of and one of those things I want people to be more aware of. So, higher heart rate variability is associated with greater health because it means that the system is more coherent. It means that the the the big anti-inflammatory reflex of the body is through the vagus nerve. So, again, this is another measurement. Heart rate variability is very strongly correlated with inflammation because heart rate variability comes from vagal tone. The healthy version of of heart rate variability comes from vagal tone. And vagal tone has the anti-inflammatory response for when we are stressed or infected. So, the highest compliment I can give somebody is inviting them back for multiple rounds of conversation on this show. So, I'm really enjoying this conversation with you and exploring your way of thinking about health. Uh for me, it's a joy to kind of, you know, I I Let me put it this way. I think there are so many people out there who are sort of just kind of regurgitating the commonly taught stuff that's that's out there. Uh and I'm really interested in having conversations with original thinkers and people who are trying to put the pieces together in new ways and solve problems in new ways and sort of take seemingly disparate areas of of science and and knowledge and sort of combine them to generate new ideas and new solutions. And I see that in you and I I really appreciate this this conversation, this opportunity to explore your way of thinking more with you. And I hope we can continue it probably beyond this conversation as well cuz there's so much to talk about. And I hope our listeners, I know that our listeners from the feedback on part one are enjoying it as well and getting a lot of value from it. So, Um, with that said, I want to pick up on where we left off in the last conversation on brain development and the idea of two hemispheres and how that sort of this seemingly sort of um, I don't know what the right word is, like the sort of obvious thing that's so obvious and so commonly taught in basic anatomy that it's sort of overlooked as being unimportant. Uh, you're you're making the claim that actually it is really important and this fact is something that we ought to pay attention to and has an impact on adult health and how these hemispheres develop in different ways depending on one's um, childhood environment and other factors. Um, so with that said, maybe you can give a very brief uh, sort of recap of this because this will be a week later after people listen to the the last episode. So, um, maybe you can kind of recap the the meta level idea of brain hemispheres and how brain development as a child links up with adult health. Sure. Um, so the high-level overview is that we all develop and grow like a tree from the root up through the trunk and then through branches. So, our brain develops from the bottom up and when we're born, it's fairly immature and then it comes up from the brain stem and first the right hemisphere uh, preferentially develops in utero and in the first two or so years of life. And then it switches over dominance to the left hemisphere. We start to get more complex sentences. We start to get a will and ego and differences of opinion with our caregivers. Um, and we have this this back and forth sequencing. Uh, as it's developing up, it's it's more and more specialized. So, things that neurons that were kind of general are now doing more more and more specific things. And then it wants to come back together to integrate into a functional whole. Um and there are various reasons, both nature and nurture, why we might have a tendency towards one or the other. And that's not really a pathology. That's just full richness of the human spectrum of people. Um and that can be to do with your gift and your personality. But if there's a susceptibility there where there's just too much of an unevenness, then it be can become pathology, um both uh in physically, in inflammation in your immune system, psychologically, in your mental health. Um and it affects things like longevity and pretty much any any area of life. So, what I've observed is that if someone has a very obvious neurodevelopmental problem, then that gets picked up. If it's like things things are really not going well. Things are you know, there are functions that are missing. Um real there's serious problems there, that gets picked up. The gray areas are less likely to get picked up. Although now, um more and more things are getting assessed and looked at. But what is I would say very common is that I find I see adults who are chronically ill and they may never have had a neurodevelopmental diagnosis. Uh and they're exploring all these different things, but what they don't realize is that their current problems relate back to this unevenness of development and that, you know, you may try a lot of different things and you might get some benefit from there. But ultimately, if this is going on, uh which is to say brain stem immaturity, retained primitive reflexes, which are never a normal finding in an adult, um then this is going to be a bottleneck because you know, this is your um your infantile development, you know, and if that has not finished even if you're in your 20s or 30s or 40s or 50s or 60s, then that's kind of the first things first um in terms of having a regulated nervous system, which is then leading to a uh a happy immune system and gut and um you know, aspect on life. So, you kind of alluded to where I want to go with this discussion right at the end there, which is how this idea of of brain development during childhood links up with the autonomic nervous system. Mhm. So, um this has everything to do with the autonomic nervous system. So, the autonomic nervous system, you can also think of it as the automatic nervous system. It's helping us um have our vital functions working, our heartbeat and our breathing and you know, our circulation, all those things that we're not Fortunately, we don't have to think about in order for them to happen. Um and our Most of those are housed in the bottom of the brain stem. Um because again, you think of this tree, like what's the first things first here? Well, we need to have a beating heart and breathing lungs like before we do anything else, otherwise we don't have life. So, that's going to be at the bottom. That's at the foundation. So, um I see people increasingly interested in things like heart rate, heart rate variability, respiration rate from different angles. So, I think the first folks who were interested in this were probably athletes who were using this data to optimize their training schedules and to measure uh recovery and things like that where they're using their heart their heartbeat targets to see what zone they're in to see what they're doing. So, that's one group of individuals. Another group of individuals are people who are having um autonomic issues, you know, so people who um let's say they POTS, so when they stand up their heart is beating too quickly or they have um, low low blood pressure when they stand up or other dysautonomias or maybe they're fainting or coming close to fainting. And then another group are people who just like innocently they were like, "No, Apple watches are cool or or ring or whatever um, Garmin, whatever device." And they look at it and they're like, "Oh, huh, it said like my HRV is 32. Is is that good?" And they just they just have this data now and they don't quite know what to do with it. And what I've found for a variety of reasons is that there's a lot of problems in how this data is interpreted. Um, and this is related to neurological development, but I would say that most people do not understand uh, the significance but to accurately interpret heart rate and heart rate variability. And I say this because um, I had my own data and I had my patients' data and what I was finding in terms of explanation was not matching up to the data we had. I took a course on heart rate variability. I um, I just tried I have hundreds of references on my computer. I've contacted many of the authors. They're not aware or they weren't aware of some of the issues in the interpretation of of heart rate variability. Um, and actually it's kind of interesting. Part of the problem is that uh, I'll explain what a heart rate variability is so that I can bring everyone else into the conversation. Um, but so you know, our heart we we're used to thinking about our heartbeat, you know, and and what that rate is. But it there's actually some variation in that rate and that's actually a good thing. So, sometimes we think that we want it to be steady, but if it's uh, varying a little bit, it's showing a dynamic flexibility. And actually really what this um, health aspect is is that when we breathe in, the heart rate is supposed to increase. It's supposed to speed up. And then when we exhale, it's supposed to go down. And so having these two systems that are communicating well is a really uh, key sign of health. That actually may be a better mark of health than any other single marker available, which is a big statement. But in any clinical area, it is the strongest predictor of all-cause mortality. And it's also a predictor of uh positive things like conscientiousness, for example. You know, you were saying um when we spoke before that that's uh one of the biggest uh predictors of of longevity. And there's a relationship there with heart rate variability and neurological development. And something else positive you mentioned earlier, which is athletic performance. 100%. Yeah. And so these are all going to have As you said, there's you know, pro athletes and high-level athletes and you know, other maybe recreational athletes who are training hard at a high level. Uh I've used this for many years. Um use heart rate variability as an objective tool to gauge essentially to get a window into their body's recovery and readiness for hard training that day. So, if you you wake up, you take your HRV score and it's high, uh that means, "Okay, I'm going to train hard today." If it's low, means, "Oh, maybe I pushed too hard yesterday. Maybe I need a rest day or a light day today." And this has been used and and very very well validated for um regulating performance and long-term training in high-level athletes and bodybuilders and and things of that nature. That's right. Um And there's a little bit of a an issue, though. So, um that globally higher heart rate variability is associated with health, less likely to die, better development, better conscientiousness, better recovery and performance. But there's a small problem, which is that it's really um an one aspect of heart rate variability that is making this association. And that aspect is called respiratory sinus arrhythmia, which sounds like a bad thing cuz it's called arrhythmia, but it's actually a good thing. And it's what I described a moment ago, which is that when you breathe in, your heart rate goes up, and when you breathe out, your heart rate goes down. That is respiratory sinus arrhythmia. That is what is associated with all the good things. But you can have other sources that are not that that are making your heart rate more variable. And that's going to increase your heart rate variability, but not because you're healthier. And so now that kind of throws a little bit of a spanner into the works and interpretation, but also starts to explain some of the paradoxes that I was finding in my patients. And so for example, I know in terms of athletes, the for some reason for one reason or another, the people in the athletic world that have been tracking heart rate and heart rate variability the longest are the Scandinavians and the the Finns in particular. They developed a lot of the the gadgets and the software to do it, but even their skiing team stopped using heart rate variability as a sign of recovery after a while because at a certain point when you start to get a little burnt out, your heart rate variability can go up. Yeah, I've seen I've seen some reference to this, some discussion about this, but it's never been clear to me exactly what the causes are, when this kind of from my perception a sort of anomalous uh rise in heart rate variability that is a sort of deceptive high heart rate variability. What when that happens, what are the factors that actually cause that? So I've got this is like been the question that's been guiding a lot of my research for a lot of last few years because at first, you know, when I went to look, there was no acknowledgement that this even existed. So what I was finding was that I had patients who when they got stressed, their heart rate variability was going up. And once you decide that what they're reporting is accurate, um then you need to figure out why. And what I found was that nobody was acknowledging this as a thing that it is a phenomenon that exists. And that's actually when I found um that paper from I think it was the Norwegian cross-country skiing. They said, "We don't We no longer use this for this reason." Um but it actually has to do with uh polyvagal theory. So, um I we mentioned this briefly um previously, but polyvagal theory was developed by uh a doctor named Stephen Porges who realized he'd been studying heart variability in the vagus nerve for a long time. He's he you know, since the 1960s. And he was uh doing research in a neonatal intensive care unit. And what he found was that as the you know, the the babies there are sick, obviously. That's why they're there. Um as the as they became as the as their as their uh situation worsened, as they got kind of closer and closer to more dangerous zone of of um you know, of perhaps you know, dying or anything like that, their heart rate would drop, but their heart rate variability would go up. But this was not a sign that they were improving. This was a sign that they were um close you know, in more danger of uh what's called neurogenic bradycardia, which is what that or they had neurogenic bradycardia, which was more danger that their heart would stop. And so, it was a bit of a paradox. And so, I actually contacted him a year ago saying, "What is going on that there's this uh there seems to be a phenomenon where people are getting more stressed and their heart variability is going up." And he said, "You just rediscovered the vagal paradox that led me to develop polyvagal theory." Um so, I think a lot of people are becoming increasingly aware of polyvagal theory, especially because it's immense importance of understanding um the autonomic nervous system and how it responds to um to trauma and trauma responses. But what the reason why, to answer your question, why increased heart rate variability is usually associated with being healthier, but sometimes it's not, is because the when we have that kind of that more newly evolved, later developed ventral vagal part of the of the vagus nerve that's associated with with resilience and recovery and good digestion and all of that sort of fitness, that will increase heart rate variability, but so will that shut down of life threat will also increase heart rate variability. My instinct, and I'm finding some support for this in the literature, but one thing I would love to see happen is if you One way to test whether or not um your heart rate variability measure is going to be reliable or how to interpret it is to do what's called an orthostatic tolerance test. So, when you go from um lying down or sitting to standing up, your heart rate should go up, your blood pressure should go up. Now, if it go if your heart rate goes up too much, that's called POTS, uh postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome. Um and so, that that is POTS. That the vagus nerve the the brake of the vagus nerve should come off gently to gently allow the heart rate to go a little bit faster. But, if the vagal uh tone is not that strong, then when you stand up, it the brake flies off. And then your heart starts racing too much. Um Conversely, if you stand up and your heart rate doesn't go up, maybe even it goes down, and your blood pressure doesn't go up, which is a problem because you you need the blood pressure to go up to keep the brain uh perfused. So, if you stand up and your blood pressure does not go up or even goes down, um that is a a sign that your the the dorsal vagal that uh survival shutdown part of the vagus nerve is too active and it's not releasing that break to allow your body to adapt to the new situation of standing up. So, if someone is in that camp, then I would question the interpretation of a higher heart rate variability meaning that they are healthier for that person. Very interesting. I know there's some uh sort of technical aspect of whether the heart rate variability is taken standing, seated, or laying down and you can get different numbers depending on that. I wonder if given what you just explained if um one of those options of taking HRV might be particularly more accurate in eliminating the variation in in people with POTS. Um yeah, I think there there are different opinions on that and there's a lot of literature on there's even like a task force paper on you know, the the right and wrong way of taking HRV. What I can say is that taking a heart rate variability measurement in in different positions is a different measurement. It's a different thing. You know, you don't want to compare apples to oranges. If you're using this as a measure as an individual, then you just need to make sure you're consistent. So, if you're going to do it sitting, do it sitting. Yeah. So, it's interesting given this sort of some demographic of people or some instances, some scenarios, contexts in some people where heart rate variability goes up uh but is uh sort of deceptive in that way, is not actually indicative of uh better health. It it's it's interesting to to acknowledge that still despite that um heart rate variability is robustly, as you said, I mean you even made the case I would I would maybe push back on this a little bit, but that's a a different discussion. I think it's I largely agree with you that it's one of the absolute best markers. So, it's interesting that it is so robust in predicting health outcomes and mortality even in spite of the fact that sometimes you can have high heart rate variability in instances where it's where it's not really painting an accurate picture. 100%. Well, to give you an example that actually I just got from my dad when I had a conversation with him recently is that if you look at weight in the population then we'll get a global trend of as people become more overweight then their health is tends to be worse and their longevity tends to be less. But there it's a J-shaped curve. So, people who are at the bottom end will also tend to have health problems as well. But if you are not if you're zooming out of your if your level of zoom isn't right or if you're not asking the right question, then that that uh relationship between weight and longevity is going to hold as a positive relationship even though people at the bottom end are going to have the reverse um or they might need to gain weight to be healthier. I I might I might add a nuance or a an additional sort of distinction there. I would say there's a lot of things like that where we we we find uh a J-shaped curve or U-shaped curve where both being on the high end and the low end are problematic. I mean even things like cholesterol levels uh and and LDL levels you can find that kind of thing. Um mTOR uh is another good example and IGF-1 is another good example. Uh I'm probably not mTOR, but IGF-1 is sort of uh almost synonymous with that. Um right, that's all this hubbub that's made of excessive mTOR activation and IGF-1 um driving risk for cancer, but the the the um risk of mortality is just as high among people who have excessively low IGF-1 levels. And there's a lot of things like this, testosterone and many many other hormones. The mTOR is actually the key molecule to signal summer metabolism. Yeah. Okay, interesting. So, maybe we'll come back to that. Okay, so um one nuance that I wanted to add, this is what I thought your dad was going to say. Uh um and I have some personal experience in with this because uh I have at many times in my life been told that based on BMI, I'm overweight. Right? And I'm uh you know, generally I hover around 9 to 12% body fat. I have abs. Right? So, I'm I'm based on this simple measurement, which is just a function of weight over height. Yes. Um rather than taking actual body fat percentage, it tells people who are athletes and who are muscular that they are they are more in the overweight category often. And so, that is sort of disrupting that metric to a large degree by lumping in athletes with lots of muscle mass who are highly fit with people who are actually overweight and sedentary. Yeah, BMI in my opinion is a measurement that only makes sense to apply to people who are obese. It doesn't make sense to apply that measure to anybody else. Or or I suppose very underweight. Yeah. Um I want to go back to polyvagal theory for a minute. Uh and I'm just curious since you've explored it in depth. I know that there is some pushback in certain circles against this theory. And I think there's one researcher in particular that has really gone after uh Stephen Porges and written a number of peer-reviewed papers kind of attacking him and attacking this theory and saying that this is a bunch of pseudo-science and and it's all there's no such thing as this polyvagal stuff. It's all a bunch of nonsense. What are your thoughts on that? Yeah, that's a great question. Um when I first came across polyvagal theory, you know, I immediately found it very useful. And that's the thing with with any model, it's not so much like it is it the ultimate truth. It's is this useful? Is this accurately describing something in a way that makes it helpful, you know, to navigate things to to solve problems. when I came across it, I thought, "Wow." Because it's what it's replacing is this idea that um it it's called arousal theory that it's kind of this linear like you're more awake or you're more asleep um in terms of your nervous system. So, I was like, "Wow, this is really interesting." And then my next question is, "Well, is is this valid? Is it true? Is it a real thing?" And amongst the um people different people I was studying with, some people said it was BS and it wasn't a real thing. Um other people that I respected said that it was valid. And I'm very interested in it. So, I did a deep dive and I read most of what that author has written and other people have written. And there are blogs called polyvagal theory is dead. And so, I've looked at their critiques. And um and they were interesting and they were compelling. And to his credit, um Dr. Porges has written a kind of a a response to that. I think it might be a chapter in a new book. A lot of times they're arguing against something that he never said. Mhm. And that happens a lot. And um you know, the key paper where he first presented polyvagal theory was written in 1994 and it's very easy to find. So, So, there's no like him not being honest cuz it's just there, you know? And so, sometimes it's that he never said something. Sometimes it's like they're arguing with a specific detail that even if there's validity to that criticism, it doesn't really um dis- disentangle the accuracy or usefulness of the theory. So, I think one example was where he's talked about um the evolutionary develop of this of development of the system and where you have the dorsal vagal system first and dorsal just means think of like a dorsal fin, it's just kind of on the backside. Then uh, you have the sympathetic nervous system and then you have the ventral vagal system and and how that uh, evolved and I think one of the critiques is that they can find like a a really old fish that has a ventral vagal nerve and therefore the whole thing is is BS and I I don't want to kind of um, misrepresent Stephen Porges' eloquent rebuttal, but at least in my mind I'm like this doesn't you know, completely debunk the whole theory, you know, and the whole and the theory is sound and I also did a very deep dive on the neuroanatomy of the vagus nerve because some of these things are just really easy to refute or to support from like a neurophysiological perspective. Like are are there two um, nuclei, which is like kind of this the I I think of like, you know, hooking up like an old school speak stereo system. Like where you just put things in and out and you know, and you have your speakers and and the player and stuff. So there are two nuclei, okay. And then there's all these studies like what happens when you um, either chemically block one of them or if you um, surgically block one and you can see the differences in response. Another one of the critiques which I thought was unfair was talking about in those types of studies you know, if you block uh, I think the ventral vagus aspect, you know, does the the what what does the heart do? But really a big point of this theory is context. So when you're under life threat is what he's saying is that the vagus nerve will will cause us bradycardia, the slowing slowing down of the heart. And so for me those studies didn't really answer that question. So it's an ongoing question. It's an ongoing debate. I've been following it with interest for quite a few years. I've read both sides of it for a long time. Um, I think that Dr. Porges' responses were very eloquent and like I said with like with most of these things, they're making arguments against something that he never said. Mhm. I want to circle back to HRV uh and quote you because in one of the presentations that I watched of yours, you started out with a slide that says how HRV connects your cells to the universe. What the hell do you mean by that? This this sounds very I know you kind of get into the traditional Chinese medicine stuff, but what what does it mean that heart rate variability connects our cells to the universe? Yeah, so if we step way back for a moment, um you know, and there's a number of ways I can explore this, but a lot of branches of physics are looking at this. Uh some of my study with my teacher Dr. Ed Neal who's studied the Neijing a lot has been looking at this. Um is this idea of you know, what is the universe made of? You know, and how does the universe function? We're like kind of now well away from our uh double-blind placebo-controlled trials. It's like what's going on here? This is I I think just based on what you just said, this is officially the most meta we've ever gone on this podcast. Yes. What is the universe made of? What is the universe Well, it's a really good starting point for all of these conversations. I don't know why we don't always start there. Um All conversations should start with that question. All All my conversations seem to start Um and and another researcher I want to bring in um is Dr. Irv Dardik who developed something called superwave theory, but what all these things have in common and you know, this is there's ongoing discussion for this, but there's an idea that the universe is made of waves, of resonance patterns, of movement, of oscillating motion. Okay? Um and of course that may sound esoteric, maybe those folks were onto something, you know, but also physics talks about this, too. So, we're talking about a worldview where we tend to think about the universe as being made of stuff, and you know, my table is solid, but you know, we will find that it's mostly made of open space. And that and that's just it. So, in the the Neijing, which is a 2,500-year-old text on which all of Chinese medicine is based, I study with a very brilliant human named Dr. Ed Neal, who is a medical doctor, and he was an emergency room physician, and he spent decades translating the Neijing, and when he read it, he discovered that it doesn't really say what most of us were taught in Chinese medicine school that it says. It says a lot of really important things for all curious people. It doesn't matter if you're an acupuncturist or not, or if you're into Chinese medicine or not. It doesn't matter if you're interested in how things work and these patterns of the universe, then it then if you're a curious person or even an artist, these are really, you know, important ideas. And so, it's really coming back to this idea that the universe is made of a of a breath motion, of an inhale and an exhale. And we can see this everywhere we look. So, if we understand reality from that lens, again, I'm not saying if it's right or wrong, but let's say could it be potentially useful, then what then what we are seeing is that we have waves embedded in waves, waves nested in waves. Or as Ervin Laszlo would say, waves waving with within waves. I always say when I talk about this that we should do like a drinking game, you know, we can take a shot every time I say wave. Um, so, the way heart rate variability connects ourselves to the universe is that we have these much larger patterns, and some might argue that the the existence of the universe is just the single inhale and exhale like the single expansion and contraction but then within it we have our mundane lives. Um but our heart beating is a wave. It's We tend to think of it as a rate like that boom boom but you see how my motion I'm going in out in out. That's a wave. And so heart rate variability is measuring the the coherence of that wave and it's really the neurological regulation of the heartbeat but it's letting us know how well developed our nervous system is and how resilient our nervous system is and how well functioning it is and the way it connects this very big thing with this very small thing is that it um it connects these larger uh I said cosmological patterns but even just like an annual cycle. So whether it's summer or winter, it connects that to the very very fast oscillations in our cells and the cell danger response is really describing the healing wave when a cell gets injured. So we can use heart rate variability to connect those two things. I'll actually I'll go Let me Let me make the the point a little bit further. The reason why it the heart rate variability connects to what the cells are doing is through the vagus nerve. So when cells get stressed or injured or infected they go through a three-step healing cycle and that's what Bob Naviaux called the cell danger response. And when they're not doing that, then they are just uh cycling between day and night. Okay? The vagus nerve is a big part of what connects our cells to our brain and our heart to our brain. When we let's say have an infection and this is what not enough people realize this. Okay? When we have an infection our um body intentionally it let's say like the cells, it intentionally removes them from the network. The cells intentionally remove themselves from the network so that they can heal so that they can heal. So, they're going to stop really being like one of my cells and part of this network and they're going to just focus on being an individual cell so they can go through this response. If someone is sick enough to the point where they don't feel well and they have to lie down and they have symptoms, the vagus nerve is actually going to turn itself down in order to reduce the coherence of this of the system in order to reduce the complexity of the system so that it can go through this process. So, this is the connection between the heart rate variability because what we know from the studies is that if you are sick, your heart rate variability is lower. Why? Because when you are sick, your body in its infinite wisdom of billions of years of evolution has decided that what it needs to do in order to go into healing mode is to turn down the vagus nerve, turn down the coherence of how well all of these cells are working together so that these parts can run these older more primitive programs in order to heal. Therefore, you will have a lower heart rate variability. And when you are healed, then that heart rate variability will go up. So, there's a very you know, amongst people who are aware of the vagus nerve, there is a very popular trend of just stimulating it however you can like zap that thing and get it on. And sometimes that is results in a helpful outcome and sometimes it doesn't work. But if we understand that it's we get our chicken and egg and back again that the first step is that it is by design that vagal tone goes down when we are stressed or we are sick and that when we complete the healing cycle, it'll come back on. That's part of the reason why we have this strong relationship between heart rate variability and health. Mhm. Are you ever going to answer that chicken and egg question by the way? Are we going to get the answer for me? I feel like you keep evading the question. I know. I know. Maybe maybe I'll put it in the book. We'll we'll get there. Okay. We got to buy his book to find out the answer. Yeah. Okay, so um let's talk that heart rate variability and and how this is I mean you you've kind of just explained it, but can you can you sort of concretize how this is connecting to our risk of various diseases and mortality? Like why is it such a strong predictor of of death and or vice versa, why is high heart rate variability, generally speaking with some exceptions, uh generally a very good predictor of health and performance? So from my perspective, it's telling us two things. One of those things is people are more aware of and one of those things I want people to be more aware of. So higher heart rate variability is coherent. It means that uh the the the big anti-inflammatory reflex of the body is through the vagus nerve. So again, this is another measurement. Heart rate variability is very strongly correlated with inflammation because tone. Uh the healthy version of heart rate variability comes from vagal tone, and vagal tone has the anti-inflammatory infected. it and it's also telling us about the development of higher cognitive functions. So executive function, conscientiousness, compassion, uh and all this prefrontal cortical activity are also associated with higher uh heart rate variability. Mhm. So it's a strong relationship because we're looking at different windows into the same system. So I've what I found is very few people have kind of made the connection of of why. Like oh okay, inflammation chronic inflammation is a problem and vagal tone seems to be good, but now if we look through the perspective of cycles of healing cycles, then it starts to make sense about the connection with those. Now, the other area that um I that I only kind of now really putting together, but now is making more sense and it's very important is that also heart rate variability is also telling you about how well your nervous system has developed. So, polyvagal theory is telling us about our evolutionary story in terms of this ventral vagus uh nerve, which is that uh connection and relaxation and compassion and empathy. But, it's also for an individual how the nervous system develops that first we develop the dorsal vagal um n- nerve you know, root um in in utero, then the sympathetic nervous system comes online, and then the ventral vagus nerve comes online and it it in utero, but it gets developed and myelinated throughout Myelinated means that it's getting kind of covered in a way that makes it work faster. throughout the first year of life. If you have a stressful start to life, um what you know, for whatever reason there were you know, stressful pregnancy, um illness at birth, mom was stressed, like the whole nine, whatever whatever it is, um that's you or you don't have like a a consistent and connected and responsive caregiver or safe environment, uh then your ventral vagus nerve is not going to develop and myelinate as well. And that's going to lead to lower heart rate variability. And so, um I tend to think of the lifespan well, the lifespan is another one of these rest another one of these waves. Inhale and exhale. Like you can look at everything as an inhale and an exhale. And so, it may be that you do well enough depending on your individual situation, maybe you're okay in your 30s, but development didn't proceed optimally, so now you're starting to decline. You know, whereas it used to be people might not decline in their health until 50s or 60s. So that's part of it, too. So heart rate variability is associated with health because of this more direct relationship between inflammation and illness and your the systems of your body working together and it's also telling a story about how well your development proceeded. The way you're looking at this is is very interesting and it's to some extent novel to me. I mean, I I kind of assumed that there was some layer of genetics and early life that will be a determinant of one's sort of maximal potential heart rate variability. But coming from the athletic performance world, I'm used to really looking at HRV in a sort of very dynamic, malleable, trainable way where we're analyzing okay, from day to day my heart rate variability is fluctuating a lot and I can gain insight into my body's recovery status and and how well I can train it today um based on what I ate yesterday, how well I slept um how late did I go to bed, how deep was my sleep, uh how hard I trained yesterday and and and these kinds of factors and the longer term is also understanding that um one's fitness level is a hugely important determinant of their sort of baseline range of where that heart rate variability will land. Uh somebody who's a highly fit and there's lots of data on this online. Somebody who's highly highly trained, very fit athlete uh is going to have way, way higher baseline HRV scores than somebody who's sedentary. So when you talking about this kind of decline with age, um it's interesting that you're kind of looking to the childhood development of the autonomic nervous system, whereas my brain would seek to explain that by saying, "Well, yeah, most people sort of become more sedentary as they get older and lose their fitness." And this is sort of a obvious like low-hanging fruit explanation of why HRV would would decline as they get older. Um yeah, I love that. And that everything you're saying makes sense. So, you know, if we use this principle of of waves waving within waves, you can look at heart rate variability and you can change heart rate variability like this minute. Like if we decided to just go rogue on this podcast and do a breathing exercise and and get all zen, we could change our heart rate variability in this minute we're together regardless of how well we slept and what we ate. We can also um change it it will change from day to day based on training schedules and, you know, how much gluten we ate and all all these lovely things and and that sort of thing. It will also change if we come down with a virus or or that that well as well. And what I want to point out is that it can also um there's also more of a lifespan aspect to it. Also, bringing this back to the right and left hemispheres of the brain, this uh vagal and brain regulation of heart rate is more coming from the right vagus nerve. And so, there's also a skew that people who are a bit more right brain dominant will tend to have a higher heart rate variability, which may come from both healthy and unhealthy sources. So, I've had I patients who are more left brain dominant who have a just a very tend to have a low heart rate variability. I have patients who are more right brain dominant and who who are having autonomic dysfunction, um blood pressure issues, stress and anxiety. They have a high heart rate variability. And again, it's not coming from that zen-like connection between in breathing um and their heart rate. it's coming from, you know, more of an activation from from this side. Um, and so, it it's, you know, interesting and important to layer on the development, especially with athletes, where their athletic talents might be layered in with their development. So, maybe they're more right brain, they have more of a kinesthetic awareness. Maybe they're a dumb jock, you know, um, say that without any judgment. Like, maybe that's how they ended up here, and then they tend to have a higher resting heart rate variability. Like, there's a relationship there. Um, but also, when we think about heart rate variability, it tend the measurements tend to be taken from minute to minute, and it's just sort of you're sitting there and breathing, and then software is calculating this for you. But, one of the things that Ervin Dardik, who was, um, developed superwave theory and was looking at heart rate variability, he had a little bit of a different take on it, which I really liked, which is also looking about what happens when you, um, are standing and then you sprint, and then you stop. So, when you sprint, your heart rate will go up, and then when you stop, it will come down. And this is also a completely valid measure of your health when you're talking about athletic performance and training. And the folks who will have the higher rate heart higher heart rate variability in general will be the sprinters rather than the marathon runners. Where we're getting this variation between their highest heart rate and their lowest rate heart rate. And there are studies looking at this as well, which is not just what is your heart rate, and not just what is your heart rate variability the way we normally measure it, but what is the difference between your resting heart rate and your maximum heart rate? So, how well can you can you get it your heart rate up, and how long does it take you to get it back down? And these are more kind of dynamic measurements, but these are actually the really key measurements of autonomic health and longevity and fitness. Mhm. there's an interesting focus on heart rate, not heart rate variability, but just heart rate and um pulse in traditional Chinese medicine and sort of they measure the um you fill in the blanks here, but they measure like the the frequency of the pulse, but they they try to get a feel for the strength of the pulse. Can you talk about what exactly they're doing there in a more intelligent way than I just described cuz you have a lot more familiarity with traditional Chinese medicine and uh and and how that ties into the broader discussion we're having here? Yeah, absolutely. Um and I'm not going to put myself forth as any sort of pulse master cuz that's just not going to be accurate. Um and also there's different styles and my communication style, especially here, is really focused more on the concrete and things that we can explain, but I also want to recognize there's lots of things that are going on that we can't explain or at least that I can't explain and that those things are happening, too. Um so I don't want to make everything super, you know, kind of reductive, but in terms of the pulse, there's a a lot that um just like I was saying about the gardener who can look out at the landscape and get a ton of information, very specific and accurate information, because they've trained their eye. Similarly, um if someone is trained in the art of pulse diagnosis, they train their fingers to get a ton of information about the health and the dynamics of the person by listening and feeling what's going on with the pulse. And so some of the things that they are feeling for, as you say, is like the rate and the rhythm. Um also feeling for like how um palpable or soft the vessel is itself. And that, again, we can understand that really relates to circulating hormones and circulating um uh you know, other factors. So that's, you know, basal constriction and vasodilation, essentially. And they're also feeling for the shape of the waveform. And so, you what you get is almost like you're playing guitar, like you can put your fingers on and listen, and then as you push down, you're feeling for the the relative strength of the pulse between the the the different depths. And so, people who are excellent at this can get a lot of objectively verifiable information about their patient by doing this. Mhm. Yeah, it's interesting that whole methodology was even created prior to the like the age of modern humans now, where I would imagine that there are even much much larger differences between individuals in those sort of parameters of of pulse rate, pulse frequency, pulse strength, and these sorts of things just by virtue of the fact that in more ancient times, people had a more physically active lifestyle. Um not because they went to the gym, but because their you know, their their their life required maybe being out in the fields or doing some kind of manual labor, rather than sitting at a desk and being at a computer. So, you you didn't have like in among modern humans, we have a much broader range between sedentary humans who really have virtually no physical activity to high-level athletes who have an extremely trained cardiovascular system, where they have physical adaptations at the level of the heart, where the heart muscle, the ventricle muscle thickness is much stronger, there's much larger ventricle, much better stroke volume, decreased resting heart rate, also lots of adaptations in the vasculature itself and capillarization that would I would imagine influence all of this Uh, far as what a practitioner would discern by feeling a person's pulse, pretty dramatically, much more so than, you know, the the the range of differences that one would have experienced thousands of years ago in ancient China. That's there's probably I think there's a lot of truth to what you just said. I think that in general there's just a kind of greater spread of of what humans are up to. Um, but what you reminded me of which I always find to be a very comforting thought cuz I think, you know, when you study health from this, uh, this this evolutionary biology perspective, it's easy to get a little bit down and look back on the better times. And one of the things I always find a little bit, uh, amusing and refreshing is in the first chapter of the Neijing, which is this book I mentioned that's 2,500 years old, it starts off by basically saying, and I'm very much paraphrasing here, "Back in the good old days, people knew how to live well. And they, um, they lived with the patterns of nature and they didn't stay up too late. They went to bed on time. They got up in the morning. They didn't drink too much. They weren't like having way too much sex and they weren't like sitting around all the time and they lived to be like a 100 years old, 120 years old. Nowadays, people don't have any sense. And they're sat around and they're sedentary and they're not eating well and they're drinking too much and they're like dying at 50 and 60 and I'm like, 'Oh my god, that could have been written now.' So, I love that kind of the more things change, the more things stay the same. And my my Yeah, go ahead. I I think I think it's an interesting insight. I I will point out, however, that even that, if we're talking 2,000, 2,500 years ago, is is post, uh, post-industrial not industrialization, um, post-the agricultural revolution, which was about 10,000 years ago. So, you know, which changed us from hunter-gatherers to a very different kind of society, where which really was extremely deleterious to our health. That's exactly what I was going to say that I think that there's probably a huge a global human story that when we did that, we realized that there were good old days where we were more with the patterns of nature. That's right. Yeah, though I I've done in writing the book that I'm working on right now, one of the the things that I'm doing, this is a bit of a digression, but since we're on it, maybe we'll go into this. there is a uh very a very large myth that's been created that our human ancestors lived much shorter lifespans than than we live today. Um we're all sort of indoctrinated with this idea that, you know, we all used to die at age 40 or 50 and, you know, hunter-gatherers die at age 40 or 50 and, you know, a few hundred years ago in North America and and Europe, everybody died at age 40 or 50. and there's a there's sort of interesting nuances to this discussion, but um one of the first layers that we can look at to to see sort of how much, you know, part of this narrative is like, "Oh, modern medicine just in the last 7,500 years, 75 or 100." I shouldn't say 7,500, but 75 or 100 years, has made these massive advancements that have extended our lifespan. We're living much longer than we ever have before." This is a very common belief that a lot of people have, and it's simply not true. And one of the layers of evidence that we can look to is, for for example, the ancient Chinese from thousands of years ago who had no modern medicine and no pharmaceuticals, who frequently lived into their 90s or hundreds, or there's certainly lots of cases of that. If we look at lots of like the ancient Greeks that we've all read about in philosophy courses and Aristotle and Plato and Socrates and Hippocrates and Democritus and and these kinds of people, if you look at their age of death, frequently in the 80s, 90s, and many of them lived beyond 100. Um and again, 2,000 years ago, no modern medicine, no drugs. Um even what what's what's interesting about this is that there was actually so hunter-gatherers as well, tens of thousands of years ago, also frequently lived to the same ages that us modern humans live. In the United States right now in 2024, the average lifespan is 73 for men and 79 for women, right? So, if you compare that, 2,000 years ago, Greeks and Chinese people were living to those same ages and beyond. It was not uncommon. We are not living longer than we did uh thousands of years ago. And I will also point out that there are studies of hunter-gatherers now who exist who are still alive today. For example, the Tsimane tribe and the Moza 10 tribe in the in Bolivia who have been studied just in the last few years where they're taking samples of these populations who again have access to no drugs and no modern medical care. Uh where they're taking people who are in their 80s and 90s. One of the oldest participant in one of the studies was age 94. So, again, we are not living longer than them. But what's interesting is what confuses this is um they what they do have is very high incidence of childhood mortality and very high incidence of death by accident and death by infectious diseases. And those are areas where modern medicine has major made major advances where we have way lower incidence of infant mortality, maternal mortality during birth, um and death by accidents, you know. Um a couple uh in these populations, it's like close to 50% of kids don't even make it to age 15 uh because violence and accidents and and infant mortality is so high. Well, this is like the perfect example of you know that saying like there's lies, damn lies, and statistics. Yes, exactly. So, you just can tell you can tell wildly different stories about this depending on how you slice the you know slice and dice the data. Right. Yeah, and and it is a statistical issue because they use a term called life expectancy at birth which factors in it's basically the average age of death. So, if you've got a whole if you've got 10 or 20% of the population that's dying in the first year of life or 15 years of life, it will massively skew that average down to 40 or 50 and then people interpret this as saying oh humans used to live to age 40 or 50 as their maximum age which is incorrect. So, anyway, sorry for that digression, but since we were on it, I thought I'd do a little myth debunking. Yeah, no, very interesting. let's get back to resting heart rate as a determinant of health because like heart rate variability, it's interesting to note that resting heart rate itself is also a very strong predictor of of mortality. But, there is another I think we get another example of this kind of scenario that you were describing earlier where there is a segment of the population who might there's maybe two two different kind of segments I guess of the the low heart rate low resting heart rate that we could single out. One would be high-level athletes who have trained themselves into a low resting heart rate. But, there might also be very ill people who have a low resting heart rate or maybe people who are stuck in winter metabolism, for example. Yes. So, you you explain how you see this landscape because I found your presentation of it fascinating. Okay, cool. So, resting heart rate and heart rate variability are related to each other because they are both products of the same systems. if we have lower ventral vagal tone and a higher sympathetic tone, then we are going to have lower heart rate variability and a higher resting heart rate. Um so, these two metrics are not They're not perfectly coupled because there's other things that are affecting them, but they're they're There's like similar ingredients going into the blender to to to come to make them. And so, with resting heart rate is another one that's a strong predictor of health and all-cause mortality, and that the higher it is suggests worse health, that you're more stressed. And I should say because this is resting heart rate, we're kind of asking how low can you go? You know, how well can you rest? And if if it's high, then it means that you're not able to rest very well. So, when you are sitting and when there shouldn't be much demand, your heart is still working hard, and it's not it's you're not recovering, and you're not recovering well, and your your ventral vagus system is not calming that down. and actually, I should say in terms of just adding this developmental component, when we are born, our resting heart rate is is quite high. So, it's like maybe about 100 beats per minute. And then as our nervous system develops, it goes down so that in adulthood, the resting heart rate should be perhaps in the 60s. Um that said, I found some new research which was quite interesting because we have all these wearables now, researchers can now access these giant data sets of people with this 24-hour data and look at these trends that are not just sort of I've gone to the doctor and sat down and you've taken my resting heart rate. What we're finding is that the average resting heart rate is actually lower than almost all the studies say, which is I think perhaps partly because if we're getting a 24-hour reading that includes nighttime. So, the resting heart rate should be lowest at night. And so, we're getting that truer picture. I I can think of a few confounding variables there. One would be the sort of lab coat syndrome thing that you see with blood pressure. When people go to the doctors, on average, they might have some nervousness and so it would skew higher because of that. Um the nighttime is probably a big one. That might be the biggest one. Um but the other thing is demographically that the people who are inclined to use these wearables are on average going to be more health conscious, more people who are more exercisers compared to the average population. User bias. There I think there might be uh definitely some some sense to that. However, if you also if you look at BMI, you'll see that it's a mix of of people. You know, that um that people are might also be wearing it cuz they're unhealthy. But yeah, there's probably there's probably both going on. Um and also, you know, if you go to the doctors, did they really make sure that you sat quietly for 5 minutes before they did it cuz that actually makes a big difference. Um So, if the resting heart rate um never really comes down properly, and you see this for example in autistic kids will have a higher resting heart rate and a lower heart rate variability because that ventral vagus system, that right brain never really quite comes online. The left hemisphere is dominant. And so, that their autonomic system, their heart rate and heart rate variability are telling that story. Um So, it should it should come down, but what we see really when we dial in and I I believe, and I'm very happy to be proven wrong or to find an exception, that for any um like naturally occurring thing in the body that you want to measure, there should pretty much always be a J-shaped curve. That's kind of a a a principle. And if when I see a study with a linear relationship, I'm always kind of asking questions. This isn't going to be true for like environmental toxins. Obviously, you want those to be zero. But um for everything else I'm like, well, okay, how did they how did who did they include in this or how are they measuring this? And you'll usually find um you know, in in another data set that was maybe more conclusive, you'll find the J-shape J-shaped curve. So, that's something to look for that usually there's a sweet spot and it's never the case that higher is better or lower is better. There's an interesting distinction I've been writing a lot about between um sort of traditional biomarkers and what we would call in in exercise science performance metrics. Um and performance metrics, the simple ones would include things like um muscular strength or VO2 max. And when you start to in contrast to biomarkers, which are things like let's say cholesterol or blood pressure or blood sugar levels, where if you there's an optimal range and to the extent one goes out of that range high or low, it's indicative of a problem, um with performance metrics, it's not like that. So, um you're not going to find an unhealthy person I mean, maybe you would find one in the world or something like that. I mean, I don't want to say in blanket terms, but 99.9999999% of the time somebody who has a high VO2 max is going to be extremely healthy. That's a help- helpful distinction there. You're you're absolutely right. If you're looking at a performance marker, there is def- there can be a higher more more better performance is better performance. The only uh demographic that will disrupt that relationship is people with with strength or VO2 max, people who are using performance-enhancing drugs. So, a lot of bodybuilders die young. They would get very high strength scores, but due to their use of uh of drugs, they end up causing all kinds of side effects that end up killing them at young ages. But, um people who are not chemically enhanced in that way, the relationship holds up extremely well. That makes sense. Yeah. So, um resting heart rate. So, tell me So, tell me more about like why how this matters in determining our health? Yeah, so um resting heart rate at night um and I think the they the wearable data showed it was between like 3:00 and 5:00 a.m. Um is going to be an indicator of your body's ability to to rest and recover. Okay, in general. And so, we can kind of see you know, clearly understand that why that would be a helpful thing for health. Um and then again at the outlier end, the reason why maybe that's not always the case or maybe why there's exceptions um we mentioned a little bit about winter metabolism that if someone just doesn't have enough gas in their tank to get their heart rate up or the emergency brake is applied. And again, this is uh this is a smaller percentage of the population, but it's not just one or two either. It's It's you know, it is like millions millions of people. It's just not in the majority. Um then you can also get a low resting heart rate that may not necessarily be associated with greater health markers. But in general, it's really just measuring your body's ability to to regulate and recover and to heal itself and to balance itself out and do all of those really important things that we do while we sleep. Um and also you you know, a lot of different things are going into this mix. So, we can look at you know, our stress levels and then our ability to handle those that you know, it's it's it's reflecting both. So, when you look at resting heart rate and heart rate variability, are you looking at it more as you know, you know, again, I'm sort of looking at this my context is more exercise science. So, I look at these as like training trainable malleable entities that that we can gain insight from and look to say, "Hey, relative to a highly trained person, where am I landing and how can I train myself more so that I'm more in the the um the good or elite categories of these these metrics. Um I think you're looking at them more as how they tie into pathology. And and how they how these are sort of determined as a result of early development and how our nervous system is functioning and as a window into autonomic nervous system function. But once you measure them or you know, as as you track them over time with people you're working with, what do you do with that information? Like how are you applying it practically and what are you recommending to people in certain contexts? Yeah, excellent question. Um you know, what you reminded me of is well that you have this spectrum from high-level performance to pathology and that people can kind of fluidly move it. So my goal is for to move people out of the kind of pathological and back into going and a lot of them, you know, were athletes or are athletes and they want to get back to it and being able to still support them there as well. and I have a little bit of a different take on how to use biomarkers and lab tests and these types of tests and really in this case we're looking at let's say we're looking at resting heart rate. We're looking at the output of a system and it's what I call an index marker, which is to say that a lot of different things go into the mix to make your resting heart rate. Um and so my approach is to not and this is you know, I'm evolving it and adapting it over time as I learn, but it's to not address it directly. That I think that that's almost always a mistake. We think that let's say if a a lower resting heart rate is better and I can take this supplement or do whatever to to lower it, I will be healthier and I find that the cleverer we get, the better we are at changing those biomarkers and it almost always causes problems because we're just not smarter than our own system. And I I want to do like a 2-hour podcast with you just on that one topic alone because I think it's so important. I'm super happy to And again, you know, I this comes from me having done that a lot to myself mainly and also my patients, you know, where I'm like, "Oh, okay, well, homocysteine bad, let's lower your homocysteine. Yay, but then there's always something down the line because we're too zoomed in and we're not looking at first principles and we're not smarter than these individual markers. So, it really is about monitoring it. One thing that was very eye-opening for me is that I have an Oura Ring, which is a sleep tracker and exercise tracker and I've been wearing it for like 5 or 6 years now. And when I first started wearing it, I was my I was having health crisis, you know, I had chronic fatigue, I had fibromyalgia, I had autoimmunity to my own collagen, my brain was not working very well, I had no short-term memory, I had all these this stuff going on. And I recently went back and looked at my data. You get this dashboard where you can kind of drag out for different time horizons. And so, I was teaching about heart like resting heart rate. So, I wanted to see where was my resting heart rate then and where is it now? Like, you know, my pain's gone down, I'm mobile, I have a I have a short-term memory, I'm, you know, doing a lot better, my energy's a lot better, my sleep is a lot better, and in those two periods, let's say the first 2 years where I was kind of in a crisis and now when I'm doing a lot better, it's the same. The resting heart rate is the same. What's going in the what's going into create that resting heart rate is completely different. So, my nervous system is more regulated. I have better energy, my sleep is better, my mood is better, my memory is better, my function is better, my physical function is better, everything's better. My resting heart rate is the same. So, fortunately, I was smart enough to not try to change my resting heart rate because that would have been a problem. That would have been a distraction. I would have I don't know if what I would It was 57. I don't know, does it go up? Does it go down? Should I mess with it? If I had tried to mess with my resting heart rate, it would not have led me in a good direction. I simply noticed and I'm watching. And for patients, we're just we're just watching it as an output of your system to monitor in the background and we can use it, depending on the person, to assess progress and to see where things are, but I'm not recommending a specific formula to change your heart rate. Um I'm not recommending a specific whatever, you know, supplement or whatever to manipulate these numbers because I've learned the hard way over many years that that doesn't lead to to good outcomes. I think I I don't intend this to be um in any way like antagonistic. I intend it to be more of an addition, but what I what I would say is almost like there's two issues there um that need to be sorted out when we talk about modifying the biomarker. So, I'll give you a few examples. If um if I'm interested in I can give a whole bunch of examples. So, let's say, okay, I'm I'm interested in in altering my blood pressure. Okay? I can take a a synthetic chemical, a pharmaceutical, designed to alter receptors or alter how my kidneys process certain minerals and their the amount of minerals that are excreted in such a way where um it it essentially just I take the pill, it lowers my blood pressure. Or I can lower my blood pressure through lifestyle action through minimizing stress, improving my diet, improving my body composition. Right? So, I like I fundamentally I don't have a problem with trying to improve the biomarker, but we have to talk about how we're trying to do it. So, are we trying to do it through an allopathic or or a biohacking sort of model where we're trying to hack the body, which I think you agree with me on, where we're trying to um interrupt the systems in a way where we we think we're we're like outsmarting the body, the body doesn't know what it's doing, it's stupid, so we're going to uh sort of do this intervention or pop this pill, and this chemical's going to just lower that marker for us, and then we're healthy. I I think that, as you said, I agree with you completely is almost always going to not result in much benefit, and is like very likely, in principle, to result in side effects. And I I'd say in the vast majority of cases, the side effects generally, in the long term, outweigh the benefits, which is why after nearly a century of allopathic medicine applying that very model of health, it's like how can we hack the body? And And by the way, that a lot of people don't understand this. The most advanced form of biohacking, of applying that principle of trying to hack the system, is allopathic medicine. They've been doing it for nearly a century, and they've developed through trillions of dollars and hundreds of thousands or millions of scientists all over the world working for pharmaceutical companies, they've developed millions, literally millions of drug candidates, which have been tested and have been further refined down to 19 or 20,000 FDA-approved chemicals. And among those, we don't have a single one. Not one that we can reliably give to healthy, let's say a healthy 30- or 40-year-old for decades where we know that the benefits of that compound will outweigh the harms. We don't have a single one, which it's hard for me to imagine a more powerful proof that this model of trying to hack the body with chemicals doesn't actually make us healthier. I completely agree. I um I and I appreciate your your distinction, right? About trying to modify these measurements. I want to give you another example though that's a little bit surprising cuz it's kind of in between the examples that we gave. So, um because when we when we take a measurement and then we decide if it's good or bad and then what we're going to do about it is really based on our understanding of the system and and a lot of times this understanding is kind of missing context or it's not really understanding why it's there in the first place, but the um the example where I saw this this kind of hacking through seemingly healthy behavior problematic is that um increasingly people are wearing continuous glucose monitors, which I think is a wonderful thing. I you know, you get this like immediate feedback cycle, you can take a lot of the guesswork out of um all this like fad health you know, diet advice. It's brilliant. But what I saw is that the advice that um often like comes there's a little bit of training that comes with these continuous glucose monitors um in terms of how to lower blood sugar or how to manage it or how to hack it uh includes sort of vigorous exercise after eating that if your blood sugar goes up and then you vigorously exercise, you can drop it down. Now, you were talking about um improving something like blood pressure through healthy uh healthy habits and and that is great. If so if we take someone from what they're doing that might be promoting ill health and then move them in the direction of healthier habits and and things improve, that's great. But this is more of like a hacky way where we're going to try to drop blood uh blood sugar by stimulating certain mechanisms of um like insulin sensitivity in the body and overall um these patients were making their systems more stressed and it wasn't really good advice in general to exercise vigorously they were getting like on the rebounder after eating in order to drop the blood sugar and so here we get and it wasn't a supplement it wasn't a drug it was exercise isn't exercise good but we still want to understand context which is that that's not really the best time for vigorous exercise usually but the reason why we're doing it is because we're trying to hack this number and kind of to bring it back what is not talked about nearly enough is that yes diet will play a role in blood sugar no question especially if we're eating you know highly refined and glucogenic foods but for a lot of people it's their nervous system that's actually making the bigger contributor to what their resting glucose is and how well they can handle meals and that sort of thing and and going on a rebounder after exercising was actually making that problem worse so that's also you know that that experience also feeds into you know what I'm not going to try to wiggle this variable I'm going to try to use first principles and adjust things that I know are going to be useful and then just see what happens and then iterate Yeah yeah it's a great point and to even even healthy things can be unhealthy if applied in the wrong context or with the right the wrong sort of guiding philosophy um you know I I would say in in response to that I would say like this is where we need to look at ancient humans we need to look at our ancestral way of life and hunter-gatherers and and go do do they like do vigorous exercise right after eating or do they generally rest and you know there's probably some wisdom inherent in that you know and and the other animal species more broadly as well let's wrap up on this idea of heart rate variability, heart rate, nervous system function. Can you sort of summarize how this information is taken into context and how you're using it with the people that you work with with that you work with um to guide how you understand what's going on and how you approach solving it. Yeah, it's um I think it's helpful for most people to be measuring this and just is basically like an a background temperature re- uh reading of their autonomic nervous system. I think it's in you know, also while keeping it a little bit at arm's length. A little bit just like how we talked about that we're not trying to hack it or manipulate it. Um, I think that if someone is sicker then these variables are going to be less responsive to the day-to-day. So, think about the difference between an athlete who over trains might just need to rest more and then it comes back. Someone with chronic fatigue, they're resting and they're not recovering. They're in a different category. So, these little hacks aren't going to work anyways. They're their nervous system has become less adaptive. Or on the other side, it's so reactive. So, like every little thing is setting it off. Um, and so then it's hard to get good feedback about individual things that are affecting it. So, I think it's just nice to have in the background and just notice what happens over time. I you know, recently had a someone I was working with um on the on the other side of the world and she's been monitoring hers for uh close to a year now and she's able to see how it's become healthier, how she's uh sleeping better, her blood pressure's improved, and her heart rate variability. Um, but I didn't give her any specific recommendations of things to do in order to change it. It's more this kind of background marker of um her her resilience that she can use as another way of knowing herself, but I I don't and I think this is sound to not be doing things to try to manipulate it, but if you do make a change and you can just notice the difference. Maybe you go into a different environment and you notice that your your nervous system is more resilient. Maybe you make a change and you notice, but um it's really nice cuz I tend to work with people long-term. So, they might come for a year, they might stay on longer and to have that as an ongoing record of how they are doing and that they learn to know themselves and what's helping and what's not. But I again, I I think that at the moment, especially with all the misinterpretations and people um jumping to conclusions about the meanings of things, I think we're safer and wiser to just monitor it and uh let us know in the background how things are doing without trying to manipulate it. But so, what what do you would you attribute her changes in those markers to? I mean, even I was going to give another example, but I'll leave that out at the risk of going down a rabbit hole. But so, like you did something, you changed something in what you were you were you were you were doing some treatments and the explicit intention of that wasn't hey, we're going to do this to modify your heart rate or heart rate variability. Nevertheless, we are using resting heart rate or heart and or heart rate variability as a metric by which we are inferring that the these these changes, these treatments, or these these things that we're doing are having a benefit. Exactly. Exactly. So, um you know, I took her through process that I take people through in order to reverse complex chronic health issues and there's no nothing I would change based on her heart rate variability, but that's to say I'm kind of taking a very conservative view. I'm saying to not jump in, but but you can um if you're you know, And talked about using caution, right? Um when we're interpreting these things and when we're working with them, but you can use this data to ask intelligent questions. So, one thing I noticed when I looked back at my data was I was looking at the relationship between how much exercise I'd done and what my resting heart rate was. And when I looked at it for those first 2 years when I had chronic fatigue, the more I'd exercise, the higher my resting heart rate was, which means I wasn't recovering, that I wasn't adapting well to it. But then, as I was healthier in the like latter 2 years, the more I'd moved, the lower my resting heart rate, which is what you want to see, and that's what happens in a healthy person. So, that sort of seeing that with my own data lets me ignore all this kind of advice of what you what you should do and lets me know this is the relationship between exercise and my nervous system right now. This is how it's changed. You know, do I think that I could have gone back and pinpointed the moment where I could have started exercising? I don't know. I think people try to do that. I because of the cycles I've seen of misinterpretation of lab markers, this is why I'm so cautious. It's more just interesting for me to note that in retrospect and to use that as a positive sign that it's healthy for me to exercise, which I can also feel in my own body anyways. But, you know, I I will answer it by saying that I am constantly actively working on this question about how to use these numbers without making the mistakes and the hubris of taking a number that we think we understand and maybe don't understand as well as we hope and trying to make decisions based on that to manipulate it and causing problems, you know, that we didn't intend to. So, I'm still on that cautious side, but I'm constantly um exploring research and data in you know, in my practice and my own my own body um to see can we can we find things that work, that are helpful, that are safe, that are good to use as guideposts. Mhm. Very interesting. Um, Mel, I'm curious if you can give a very quick I know this is a broad broad thing that you could obviously talk for many hours on, but can you give a very very quick overview of what exactly your approach, you know, when you said you took this patient through your approach to to uh resolving complex chronic illness, what what is the sort of outline of your approach? Yeah, that's a great question. Um, and I definitely I'm very fortunate to have to have worked and continue to work with some really smart teachers, so I always love to give them credit. Um, and this is an approach that I had found in um various places, but the person that I worked with the most is Jeremy Cor- Cornish at the Damn Good Doctors Club. He's a very smart guy. Um, he this is an adaptation of an approach that he um and others uh learned from a uh in particular Chinese medicine doctor that they studied with um in Sichuan, China. But basically this guy was treating like 150 to 200 patients a day and getting excellent results because he had dialed in his algorithm and he's dialed in his way of thinking so well. But this approach is essentially to work step by step in the body in it using a sequence of systems. So those systems are the immune system, the digestive system, the neuroendocrine system, the tissue repair system, and then if someone still is kind of lacking in energy at the end of it, then we can consider boosting and supplementing and tonifying. And you know, one of the questions I've had over the years is order of operations when working with complex chronic illness, and everyone I worked with had Well, most people I worked with did not have an order of operations, so that was just crazy inducing. You would have a patient who had digestive issues and mood issues and skin issues and inflammatory issues, and you get all this data and then you need to figure out um where you were going to start, and where you start is important. Then I worked with many people who say start with the gut, and as someone who had lifelong digestive issues, um, I had worked on my gut quite a lot and still had quite a lot of problems. Um, and then I worked with someone else who said to start with hormones. When I did that, it seemed to be useful like 30% of the time, which I was not happy with that. I For me, if, um, it's a sound order of operations, it should be like at least 80%. Mhm. Um, on point. And this And actually, the way I've been trained, it it's actually even higher because, you know, you're just asking the question of do we start here? And so, most of the time the answer is yes, and some of the times the answer is no, which means that it's even more like more accurate. So, we, uh, we start with that. We have clear signs and symptoms that we're looking for to resolve before we move on to the next stage. Um, and then we're moving in that step-by-step order. And honestly, using that order, I started to see it in other places that this is sort of embedded in human wisdom that we're going to move from the outside in, and we're going to move, um, you know, remove load from the body first before, uh, you know, most people come in try to take, you know, B vitamins and adaptogens and and hormones and all this stuff to boost. And they've got so much gunk in their system, and a lot of which they're feeding, you know, um, studies showing that your dysbiotic gut bacteria love it when you take iron supplements. So, for them, that's like an all-you-can-eat buffet. Same thing with with B vitamins. Um, so, um, working in this order has just, you know, been really, really sound and really has explained why certain things that should work well or seem to be valuable haven't worked for my patients or for myself really in terms of the timing of when we use them. So, um, a step-by-step process, which in some ways is a little bit agnostic to the specific, uh, tools or the I do have tools I recommend, um, but what's more important is that we're really clear on what we're trying to do, what we're measuring, going back to these first principles. Are we warming, are we cooling, are we getting rid of moisture, are we adding moisture? Um and what happens when I do that? I I think that you seem warm, so why don't we do this really safe, you know, low amplitude thing where we remove some of the warmth, do you get better or not? And based on how you respond, we can interpret the feedback because we've been so intentional with how we've um work at the system. And when you are at the level of reductionist biochemistry, whether that's pharmaceuticals or supplements, because you're not working at that first principles level, you can't interpret the feedback. All you can do is repeat the lab in however many months and fingers crossed hope for the best. Um and a lot of times people are feeling worse and they're told to stick with it. Whereas here, if we know exactly what we're doing, then whether you get better, you have no change, or you get worse, we always know what to do next. Yeah, or or they're told based on their lab markers that they're better, even though they may feel worse. Exactly. Exactly. And And And this is its own problem. Mel, I'm really enjoying these this conversation with you as it unfolds sort of organically as we talk through things. Really fascinating stuff as usual. Um I think we still have more to explore in the traditional Chinese medicine front and you know, you gave me a uh a bunch of ideas and I saw in your presentation related to the Neijing. How do you say it? The Neijing. I I'm not like a Chinese speaker, so I apologize to anybody about my pronunciation. We're both offending people. Um so uh wonderful stuff, really. And uh and let people know again where they can reach out to you if they're interested in working with you. Uh sure. So, I'm over at synthesishealth.co. Wonderful. Thank you so much. I look forward to the next one. Thank you. I appreciate it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mackballantyne4251 [3 likes]: Lorna mcbeth, I would love the education system to teach children  this information.
  2. @mackballantyne4251 [2 likes]: Lorna mcbeth, much gratitude to you both for sharing your precious time and knowledge with us all. Fabulous conversation and connection. Thank you. Fantastic information.
  3. @jstandefer5639 [1 likes]: I'm lapping up the details. What a dynamic duo, you two. Thank you for your time!
  4. @UpOnlyHomie [1 likes]: Just learnt more here than I have ever before in many hours of trying to decipher the murky waters of HRV.
Can confirm...sprinter, left brain dominant, low baseline HRV. I always wondered, even though I'm very fit, why other athletes had higher baselines than me but this makes perfect sense. Thank you.
  5. @Mannx4inFL: Wealth of information!!! Another argument to prove there is a master designer. No way all these intricate details just happened. ❤
  6. @LongGrovesAmeliaEarhart: If I'm having an afib episode, my hrv is high. Surely not a sign of health!!!
  7. @davidmanganaro5570: Why not do kinesiology priority testing to determine what order to treat (ie gut, immune,.etc)
  8. @davidmanganaro5570: So, is there a HRV device that measures respiration also to provide more accurate HRV ?
  9. @YourSilenceIsConsent: I have moved to Florida to get healthy and to work out. Do 10,000 steps and weights before breakfast.  Heart in top condition, lost weight and built muscle tone.  My HRV has dropped and my Fitbit now sends me alerts that I’m “out of range.”.  I totally feel that something about low HRV being dangerous is wrong; still watching this video to find out why.
  10. @carolblumenthal9250: Much beating about the bush but finally we got to a real nugget which was a lightbulb moment for me:  order of operations is crucial! Thank-you!
  11. @thelongcovidreset: Now I understand more what happened during my long covid journey. My HR was low 40's and HRV around 100. When I got healthier my HRV went down initially and now it's back at around 100 but with good health now. I think the flow state (ventral) and freeze state (dorsal) can show the same markers but you have to go through fight/flight to make healing possible. Prologned fasting and small wins outside my current capacity is what got me out of it.
  12. @forisma: 16:13 orthostatic tolerance test
16:42 vagal tone is not that strong
17:05 dorsal vagal is too strong

- The Polyvagal Theory Just Got Debunked | Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, let's dive right into this explainer and unpack a massive scientific debate from 2026 that is literally shaking up the entire foundation of modern therapy and wellness. If you've spent any time at all looking into trauma, stress, or just nervous system regulation recently, you have absolutely encountered something called polyvagal theory. I mean, it's been the absolute cornerstone of therapy for years, giving answers to people who frankly felt completely lost. But recently, a major scientific paper dropped that completely challenged it. So today, we're going to break down exactly what this debate is all about, what these scientists are actually arguing, and most importantly, what it means for your own physiology. But before we get into all the heavy neuroscience, let's just start with your own lived experience. You know that feeling? You're just sitting on the couch, your environment is perfectly safe, you are objectively not under attack at all, but your body clearly didn't get the memo. You feel this intense, unexplained physical stress bubbling up out of nowhere. It's like a phantom alarm bell is just blaring, and you have absolutely no idea how to turn it off. The physical reality of it just hits you so hard. Your heart is pounding, your jaw is clenched, you absolutely cannot think straight. And what's so incredibly isolating about this is that someone might just walk into the room and casually ask, "Hey, are you okay?" And you just say yes. Why? Because you literally lack the words to explain why your body is reacting this way. You don't have the language for the storm happening inside of you, which leaves you feeling entirely alone in the experience. Well, that complete lack of language is exactly what changed in the 1990s. Neuroscientist Stephen Porges proposed this radical new idea called polyvagal theory. See, at the time, everyone basically thought our nervous systems had two modes, on and off, right? Stressed and calm. But Porges came along and suggested a framework with three operational modes, and wow, this idea spread like wildfire. It went absolutely everywhere, into therapy offices, best-selling trauma books, and eventually it just took over wellness Tik Tok and social media. It finally gave people a clinical name for what they were feeling. The anatomy behind this is honestly fascinating. Porges proposed that the main character of this whole system is the vagus nerve. It's actually the longest nerve in the human body, running all the way from your brainstem down through your heart, your lungs, and deep into your gut. Porges argued that this specific nerve has two distinct pathways, and those pathways essentially dictate why your body does what it does when it feels threatened. It was like a real-time map of our physical reactions. And therapist Deb Dana brilliantly translated these really complex concepts into something we now wildly embrace as the vagal ladder. It's so easy to picture. At the top, step one is ventral vagal. You feel safe, you're connected, calm, the world makes sense. Now, if a threat appears, you drop down to step two, sympathetic activation. That's your classic fight or flight. Heart rate is up, muscles tense, you're ready for action. But if that threat is completely overwhelming, you drop all the way down to step three, dorsal vagal. Freeze and shut down. From the outside you look fine, like nothing is happening. But from the inside you can't move, you're exhausted, you're just totally checked out. This ladder gave millions of people the accessible language to say, "Ah, this is the rung my body is stuck on today." Which brings us to the massive plot twist, February 2026, 39. That is the exact number of neurophysiologists and anatomists who banded together to publish a huge coordinated critique of this very foundation we just talked about. We're not talking about a quiet, minor disagreement here. This was a highly organized challenge from 39 separate experts all at once. They published a paper in the journal Clinical Neuropsychiatry with this totally dramatic title, "Why the Polyvagal Theory Is Untenable." Untenable. I mean, that is a massive statement to make in the scientific community. When this paper dropped, therapy Tik Tok completely lost its mind. Wikipedia entries were being urgently updated. For anyone who had built their understanding of their own bodily responses around that vagal ladder, it literally felt like the floor had just dropped out from under them. So, let's neutrally break down exactly what these scientists are arguing. The paper basically goes after three specific scientific challenges. First, they are challenging the evolutionary claims Porges made about how the nervous system developed over millions of years. Second, they dispute the strict anatomical distinction he drew between those two vagal pathways. And third, they question using heart rate variability as a reliable way to measure vagal tone. Now, just to be completely objective here, versions of these debates have been circulating in peer review since way back in 2007, but this 2026 paper, this represents a massive, highly coordinated challenge that brought it all into the spotlight. But hey, before we assume everything we know is totally wrong, let's remember this is just how science works. It's an argument, not a final verdict. It is an ongoing dynamic debate. Actually, Stephen Porges published his own direct response in the exact same issue of that journal. The 39 scientists presented their data, Porges presented his, and the vigorous, messy process of peer review is just continuing exactly as it should. To really make sense of this debate, I love this core metaphor: the map versus the territory. Okay, think of the map as polyvagal theory itself, the specific neurological and anatomical mechanisms Porges proposed. That 2026 paper is strictly challenging the map. They're arguing over the exact biological coordinates. But then you have the territory. The territory is your actual lived physiology. It's the very real fact that nervous system dysregulation exists. It's the reality that sometimes you shut down to protect yourself instead of fighting back. The scientists are arguing about the map. Literally, no one is disputing the reality of the territory. And because that territory is undeniable, your physiology tools absolutely still work. Breathing exercises, movement, splashing cold water on your face, sound, rest, rhythm. If you use these tools to help regulate your nervous system when you're overwhelmed, you do not need to stop. They still work. Because they interact with undeniable human biology. The reality of your body responding to these physical inputs is completely undisputed by those 39 scientists. The relief you feel is real, regardless of what the map looks like. Ultimately, a theory being incomplete is just not the same thing as it being useless. Every single framework we have ever had for the human body has eventually been revised. That isn't a failure. That's literally just science working. The vagal ladder might not be a perfect literal anatomical diagram anymore, but you know what? It successfully did its job. It made incredibly complex, overwhelming physical states legible for millions of people who desperately needed it. At the end of the day, your nervous system was doing what it does long before Stephen Porges ever put a name to it. That's not a theory. That's your body. That tightening in your chest, that sudden shutdown, those moments where you are perfectly fine and then suddenly you're just not. That has always been your body trying to tell you something to keep you safe. Whether science decides to keep calling it polyvagal theory or invents an entirely new name for it tomorrow, it doesn't change a single thing about what you felt or the tools that actually helped you heal. So, the question I'll leave you with today is, now that you know the territory is undeniably yours, how will you listen to what your body is trying to tell you next?

- The Polyvagal Theory: The New Science of Safety and Trauma: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the polyvagal theory is a new understanding for how the entire nervous system works and with that it gives us incredible implications for how to control your body your brain other people's bodies their brains in ways that might seem impossible as well as let's specifics two concepts that might have been left to the abstract things like trauma so let's just begin here what is the autonomic nervous system the autonomic nervous system is the automatic nervous system this is the part of your body you don't consciously control it's your heart its your breathing it's your digestion it's your spleen you don't think to yourself that I want my heart to beat it just beats on your own otherwise you would never be able to sleep at night so traditionally the autonomic nervous system has been divided between these two halves that are kind of viewed as in conflict with each other any given point you're Bruce Banner or you're the Hulk you're either in your parasympathetic mode that's your social mode you're resting you're relaxing or eating or you're in your Hulk mode your fight-or-flight mode your fighting mode the sympathetic nervous system is often called me of course that fight-or-flight mode but I'm here to blow that out look and tell you about completely wrong because the way the nervous system works is not that simple in fact it's much much more interesting but in order to understand why we need to go back in time and understand why the autonomic nervous system evolved the way it did in the first place so first of all the number one job of the autonomic nervous system is to keep us alive if you think back to prius or even pre-human times you're in this dangerous savanna or wilderness or jungle you don't have time every time you come in contact with an animal or person to think consciously to yourself that thing's safe or that thing's dangerous you have to act instantly and you have to act immediately and unconsciously so your body has this sort of resource balance that have wait am I gonna put resource resources towards socializing with something or resources towards fighting it off and it's not something you have time to think about because if you've already thought about you're already dead and the way we do this is a sense we're gonna call neuro section what neuro section is this is the way our bodies unconsciously scan the world around us and look for signs of safety and signs of danger and use that information in order to influence all of these things in our bodies that we don't constantly control every time you meet somebody you're neuroception the scan mode and saying are you safer are you dangerous and the answer to that question tells you everything so the important thing is a neuro session is instance neuro ception is automatic when you meet somebody you don't think to yourself I like this person I'm gonna open up it just kind of happens when you need an animal you don't think yourself that's a safe animal it just sort of is known by your body and so the thing about neuro ception is that this external force this ability to have outside forces hit our nervous system is so powerful that allows us actually physically control our own bodies and other people's bodies in ways that are actually very very surprising depending on the the the sounds you hear and the lights you hear in the sense of safety you get about anything you meet in the world a lot of things change about your body and about your nervous system and the old model for how the nervous system works that there's this sympathetic system and parasympathetic and it's just two states it's not really the truth in fact there's three states and this is something that even if there any neuroscientist are you excited no it was like today right yeah come on right now you're like no I was taught in school that there's just these two things I'm you're wrong there's three and I'm gonna view this as like a traffic light so every time you meet somebody or meet a thing or animal your body has to kind of determine how safe are you when it does this let's just feel like a traffic light so if you feel that person is safe is green like hits if you feel this person is dangerous this yellow light hits and you feel person is more than dangerous the red light hits and that's a system that we're gonna talk about that has not been acknowledged by the scientific community until very very recently and it explains everything so first of all this mode you're in how your body interprets outside world and internalize it this is your autonomic stage it's completely involuntary and it changes everything about your body nothing is the same this is everything that pending under dynamics that your body completely transforms you might not turn green like the Hulk but you might as well because everything inside your body is different depending simply on how safe they feel and this is the filter through which you experience the entire world smells smell differently taste tastes differently sights seem different the same person or experience when you're feeling one way will come up do isn't the same person when you're feeling upset will come up a different way and that's because autonomic state is the single most important thing for how you actually experience the world enough first let's talk about the screens say this is that parasympathetic state the Bruce Banner state this is the safety State so when your green state is activated you feel safe you feel good and your body transforms your heart rate slows down your saliva and I just inner simulator the cranial nerve that activates your facial muscles activate so when you can talk to people you have more emotion facial expression you've increased vocal prosody and an eye contact with the people around you and this is really cool these tiny little noodle ear muscles in your head head they activate and what they allow you to do is pick up the frequencies in the mid-range that are associated with human voice this is so you can actually pick up the sounds of people talking even and loud and crowded environments the human voice is very special to the brain for somewhat obvious reasons but it's only special when you feel safe so the next one is the yellow zone this is what happens when you're in danger and here your heart speeds up your tolerance goes up you get flat facial effect and those middle ear muscles I described they actually shut down but that allows you to do it instead of hearing the middle frequencies associated human speech super low frequencies in super high frequencies these are we call predator sounds is a sound of a of a panther and a brush or a screaming person in pain because your body is expecting danger instead of thinking I'm gonna be diplomatic and talk to people it's thinking to itself I gotta look out for scary things so when you feel danger you're audiology signal ships and you actually hear different frequencies at different volumes which is pretty crazy and this is the red zone right does not show up on the screen this is the there we go this is the life-threatening situation and this is the system that up until now has not widely been so understand this mean our stand up when people are in extreme danger to the point where their nervous system thinks they're about the die different things happen to them they do not fight or flight they do not run they do not get activated what happens in often is they freeze and they shut down and this is very interesting because understanding the system explains everything about trauma as well as numerous other psychiatric issues so understand what nerve exceptions neuroception is never seen charming and pretty you meet people and there's some people they've got big smiles and they talk with so much grace and you just love them and they're charming and there's other people who were just kind of creepy and think about who those creepy people yard they've got like a flat face right and they've got a super monotone low voice and they're very Sally and this is what our nervous option is doing it's saying it's scanning these people and it's saying I want to be next is when I met this dude in 2004 and here's a state senator and I wish shaking at the nice and I would no idea what was happening to me and I just wanted to marry him and here and it's because my neuro ception was like why I don't care sure have my children but then you meet people who are just like and you're like get out of here what's up with that and this is one narrow exception is it's why we like some people and some things instantly we don't even think about it it's just internalized in us but it there's dangerous because if you get another section wrong you're being danger if you meet somebody and then you're dangerous and your body does not read them as dangerous you can get too close to them this is everybody said Ted Bundy you was always really charming I didn't really work out for the people he charmed right it's I mean because you think about this like back in the day here in the Prairie and there's like a monster or saber-toothed tiger you have an incentive terminal are you safe or are you dangerous and if you get this wrong you're dead and so our bodies have a bias towards seeing danger where there is no danger and this is really important because we oftentimes and we freaked out we can anxious our bodies tend to bias towards seeing danger where there is no danger and things tend to work out better then we sort of think they will which is a really nice thought to happen these days um the other thing so nervous isn't settles on the state green yellow red in reverse evolutionary order this is a really new and interesting concept the more danger you're in the more ancient your response these responses the green yellow right they don't kind of fight for position in this autonomic nervous system Battle Royale they go in an order somebody says do you want the green system to go in and the body scans and it says yes or it says no and this is a system that's only present in modern mammals only modern mammals can do this can can handle these situations with social building and diplomacy but he go back in time with every response there was this is the more ancient animals do this this is evolutionary a more ancient response incorrect and cydnus and fight it which brings us to the red response which is the most ancient of all if their reptilian response because when reptiles face threat they do not activate do they they do not run they do not fight or flight' they freeze and they play dead and this is what humans and other mammals do often winner in life-threatening situations and trauma needs to be viewed through the prism of this and this explains a lot healthy individuals can balance between the green and the yellow systems with needs this is totally true athlete need to use the yellow system to activate for a track meet or a basketball game to get psyched up that's unhealthy yes what's healthiest thing able to go from green yellow green yellow with these a lot of the kind of a biological imperative a play and fun is this ability to softly move between these states in safe environments sort of work out that transition this is really important ability to move between these because unhealthy individuals if they see the fear they can't really get out of it but how the individuals can bounce with trainees with ease but understand the red zone the laws of understand trauma and particular the fact that a common response at trauma is not to run but to freeze and this is really really employment and if you guys walk out your one take away please please please understand this because I've seen so many times judges tell women they weren't salted because they didn't run or didn't fight or people doubt that they were assaulted because they didn't fight back or didn't run they just kind of shut down and disassociated misses a really important idea this is a social and political issue because people oftentimes think consciously if I was in the state of danger I would fight or I would run but the nervous system doesn't work like that the nervous system takes your environment and it does not ask you what you want to do it just does things it oftentimes what that means is it freezes and it shuts down and this is something that I think a lot of people need to know and this comes from our reptile ancestors this is completely involuntary so if you are ever needle kind of serious to know if you're ever in a situation or know anybody who's ever been in a situation where they've had something happened to them and the response wasn't to run it wasn't the fight it was the freeze and it was it this associate they need to understand that wasn't that wasn't them making that decision that wasn't a nervous system you know that quote Robin Williams it's not your fault right it's and I think this really changes our understanding of trauma because I think so much of our legal interpretation of assault and trauma is basis on this idea that I would have done that why didn't you do that from people who've never been in those situations before and I think this is a really really really important takeaway thank you I absolutely are coming up like one more time this zone is green yellow red zone this is your autonomic stage it is completely involuntary and it changes everything about how you experience the world things taste different smell different see different sound difference and the reason for that is that the autonomic nervous system is a system it is a system that means involves tons of body parts tons of organs and so an interpretation of danger and wine is very quickly transmitted to the other the key to that it's a single the vagus nerve the vagus nerve starts with your brain stem goes all the way down to your gut and links almost all of your organs together with a biggest served job is to do is is safe from your brain whether neuroception it's like a safety or danger whatever it is then that information to every organ so every organ in your body responds in kind 80% of fibers the vagus nerve go from your brain downs your organ singh danger be in a state of nature 20% go back up so different organs actually sent safety or danger that info goes back to the brain and back up again the vagus nerve acts as a neural break when it's activating the green zone your body slows down this allows you to be near other people without killing them this is absolutely key to the great system not every animal and the planet can do this not every animal has the ability to be near another animal of a strange animal and not kill it this is something that is relatively modern its ability to socialize and solve problems with the honesty and conversation and social behavior and the biggest nervous Kito at the biggest serve when it's activated it calms you down it bakes you this dude it makes you calm and measure alright and what's also interesting is that breathing is the only autonomic system you got your digestion you got your heart rate but breathing is only one you can save yourself I I'm gonna control this right now you can take control of breathing you can't control your heart rate but you can control breathing and when you control your breathing the vagus nerve links it to everything else this is how you gut and medication work in case you are wondering you have sensors in your lungs that when you slow your breathing it slows your heart when you speed your breathing it speeds your heart all of these organs are connected breathing is the only one you can physically control this is why he spends so much time talking about breathing exercises because they work it's not because a Qi it's not but the chakra it's not because of energy balances it's because of the vagus nerve and I'm sorry 4000 years of traditional history but this is the truth I don't care I mean Shiva has a point but honestly the vagus of the bigger point and downward dog probably works too I don't know but breathing out slowly every time you exhale the longer you exhale the more you stimulate sensors that are in your lungs that activate your vagus nerve that tell your brain that it is okay to be calm because if you think about it in ancient times if you are running from a saber-toothed tiger you don't have time to chill out and the fact that you have time to take that long breath out you are signaling via this one organ the lungs to the rest of your body that it's okay and it's kinda chopped and it gets the message and it freakin works next thing the vagus of an evil twin this guy Mira Mira anybody gives that all right so the vagus nerve actually has two branches to it you had this branch this is a myelinated sheet this is from an evolution modern it's only present in modern mammals wanted to have that green system best social nervous system is a fatty sheath around like a kalaxian table when this is activated that's your green system it's also got this this is the ancient biggest ancient Vegas has no myelin age it is present in many more ancient animals than humans it is present in reptiles when they attacked it that is the red system there the ancient of Milan biggest also acts as a break though slows you down just like the green one just like when you're calm but instead of slowing you down to a place to call slows you down to a place where you freeze in this associate and that is what activates in traumatic instances that is what makes you into the sky the reptile who freezes under threats the Vegas branch has to brand the Vegas service super inches this is where we get the term polyvagal theory which is the name of us insider talk and it answers all sorts of questions related to trauma such as why did I freeze why did I fight back well because your nervous system decided you were about to die and you have no conscious control over that scenario don't blame yourself why does everything if you look and sound different after because that system is all connected to every single organ in your body and depending on how safe you feel or what you've gone through they all act differently why do I hear things differently after those middle ear muscles they're only engaged when you feel safe so your audiology signal shifts depending on how safe you feel and you've been through traumatic instance chances are you don't feel very safe why am I always so anxious anxiety let's just say what it is it's an overactive neuron suction system it's been a body and Tirpitz danger where there is no danger back in the day the olden days danger met saber-toothed Tigers attacking us or strangers throwing spears at us or whenever today a means of missing a deadline or something like this and these same neural pathways are activated and you feel anxious like everything is an existential crisis I miss that train the world is over I'm late for this presentation the world is over and this is our bodies internalizing things and running all of these somewhat trivial modern issues through the same neural pathways that were once reserved for I don't have enough food to survive and you come out feeling like crap constantly that is what anxiety is and also realize your body's as I said have a tendency to over estimate danger so get over it why does trauma last for so long and why is it so difficult to treat that is because trauma isn't psychological its physiological and this is I think you all walk out of here with one talking point please spread this to the world people tell people who've been through traumatic instances get over it get some therapy maybe some jobs but that ignores what trauma actually is what trauma is is a higher rejiggering of how the entire body operates and by treating it merely as a matter of feeling bad or having you know something to get over you completely missed the point completely misses the point and this is not just a trauma autism depression or lack resources schizophrenia etc so many psychiatric issues all share a litany of physical symptoms that are related to a disengagement of the green system of the social nervous system they never feel safe auditory hypersensitivity the middle ear muscles are off flat facial effects lack of boko proxy they simply speak more monotone ly high heart rate and low vagal tone and I can go into that and many other symptoms related to the autonomic nervous system once you start thinking about all of these syndromes you realize how similar their a closely linked they are and how really a lot of difference one can be kind of taken up to the the weighting of the nature versus nurture of how the nervous system was compromised or shut off this is really important of feeling safe this this activation of the green system is not an optional state for us it is crucial to us being happy healthy individuals the green state facilities general health it releases beneficial performance in particular things like oxytocin which are key key key key to our immune system in our defense system it helps learning and critical thinking and productivity if you ever want to know how to be product tip a lot of people notice be less anxious right well how do you be less anxious the great state gets you there this is what the flow state is without the green system you've got no flow state you've got none of this productivity hacking people are talking about makes life more relaxing and enjoyable it makes people like you we nearer the autonomic state of people around us our bodies are constantly scanning everybody and everything we come into contact with and seeing are you safe then if you're safe I'm gonna respond in kind are you dangerous or you responding time and if you can present yourself in a way that triggers the green system in people while they responding hein and they kind of like you more you can be more like that guy in earlier side who everybody seems to love it allows bodily functions operate normally remember everything is bound together there is a reason that a huge percentage of people who've experienced trauma have irritable bowel syndrome from a logical perspective that makes no sense but what's occurring is all these things are bound together and so bodily issues calming kind with all of these issues of nurses them in the optimizes entire human experience this is the good part of living it's the great thing which means this is one more question related child why have a hard time socializing a common bond not to come if it is feeling safe is necessary to form strong social relationships safety allows for physical proximity to others physical proximity allows for contact contact allows for social bonds oxytocin is key for this entire process but this process is not optional it is a biological imperative just like eating I don't think I started playing The Sims before but like if you don't socialize long enough your guide meter goes down you start crying there is serious truth to this we are a social species at some point millions of years ago our DNA decided that we are more likely to survive being social and so it was baked into our bodies and so connectedness was baked ins for our bodies and it is Kiki key to activating the green system the social nervous system which is key key key to general health isn't just for humans such as for humans it's not just for adult partners between children and their kids I know yes it's koalas and it's not just within a species you can have bonds with your freaking dog and feel great about it it's necessary but never feeling safe sucks never feeling safe sucks without ever feeling safe you can't get close to people and you can't form bonds without bonds your bodies are never as healthy as they can be and your human experience is not optimized it's especially true for young children developing nervous systems studies have shown I mean it's I cannot go with this for now but every step along the way like one of the key predictors of health just physical health in addition to happiness and social financial success it's just having strong social support networks at a young age in relationships without feeling safe or nice Healing these relationships I'm super healing if it's an abusive relationship it's not a healing relationship and they get out bad people I'll talk to y'all help you it's cool so let's fix it let's use the fact that we understand our nervous system now in a way we never did before and create interventions and treatments that allow us to undo this state and activate the green state the social nervous system in a way that was never before possible let's treat trauma for some of the physiological issue it's not psychological it changes the way your body works the digestion is different your breathing is separate hearing is different and a simple drug that makes you you know your SR I go whatever up isn't gonna fix that realize it's a greater special for people of experience these issues to ever feel safe and create situations and environments that cater to them and also be an understanding person also understand the environmental and social cues differ ones very very specifically trigger nervous systems to feel safe and dangerous I'm gonna talk about in a second but understanding specifically what these are gives you kind of a superpower in the ability to influence your nervous system and others in a let's just hope positive manner breathe breathing is one of the key ways we can control our own nervous systems it's so you know our automatic I know how to not make nervous system is automatic except for breathing so use that back door to signal to everything else it's cool just show and that let's design interventions that bring back the green and the key to business understand on this day is self-reinforcing when you're safe you sense safety those middle ear muscles they pick up frequencies in the mid-range those mid-range frequencies tell our bodies that we are safe and it goes back in and creates a cycle of safety bill why didn't you sense more threats your your radar your neuro ception is on more to to sense danger and it's all internalized in your nervous system so this is why it's so difficult because pain trauma danger they create cyclones of pain trauma a danger by really engaged in a dormant green system you can do the opposite you can create cycles of healing I first understand what specific environmental cues signal danger to people low frequency noises our bodies interpret this as dangerous predators flat facial affect our bodies interpret that as somebody who's not here to socialize with somebody's here to kick ass and they respond in kind and of course the Kenny Loggins danger zone gets me going so exactly so here leave you guys with two things one is a couple of quick hacks to to manipulate your own nervous system again breathe slowly speak with smiles eye contact and sing-songy nature of lots of vocal prosody people will treat you differently I promise here if you're feeling bad listen to mid-frequency music things like Disney soundtracks are great they I'm dead serious they get those middle ear muscles going that's in studies that's pretty pretty cool work learn and live in environments that feel safe to you and also if you're gonna make if you're like somebody who designs a school get rid of those fluorescent lights and lack of Windows and actually create an environment that actually feels safe for kids because they ain't learn otherwise and spend time around people you like and love that's exercising your social nervous system that's getting those juices going that's maybe good which leave us with nine takeaways here a lot homework people again your autonomic stays the filter to experience what environmental cues can magically transform your physiology and waking receive this is automatic you can control if you know how trama physiological it's not a psychological feeling safe is necessary for a good life bonding with others is necessary for good health when people don't feel safe they don't think critically this why politicians try to scare us all the time it's true because if all you're thinking is I'm gonna die that's all you care about is not dying the simplest way to make people like you and this includes dogs and children you know who's a good boy and listen to what news our facial muscles and speaker prosody and lastly we can fix is simply feeling safe ken jump start the healing process and I believe changed the world so that leaves us one Navi Araz please be safe to each other guys go to nur tonight calm to find inner night event near you and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for our latest presentation

  Top Comments:
  1. @kaliaaron [435 likes]: I've been reading about and studying the Polyvagal System for years and this is by far the BEST explanation I've found! This man is clearly a gifted teacher! I love the way he breaks it down, shows why it matters, uses creativity and metaphors to convey such important information in ways that are understandable!
  2. @Opethfan79 [1 likes]: Oh my god! I have been chasing a health problem for quite some time now. I am/was married to a woman who treated me like trash for so long all the while I started to get a issue with very low blood pressure. I have been through many tests to check my heart and many other things. The doctors have not found a single problem that can explain it. And just now I am looking into this system because a neurologist I am seeing suspects that there is something wrong with my autonomic nervous system that is causing my low blood pressure. If this ends up being the reason is there any hope for me? I am in the middle of a divorce with said woman and as you can guess she is making every part of it as difficult as possible for me and my son. I am just drained emotionally and financially and feel like there is no hope for the future. A divorce survival guide video sent me here. Is the body or the autonomic system able to recover if I can ever get back to a place where I can somehow let go of being tormented by my soon to be ex? I will be absolutely stuck dealing with her on some level for the next 7 years until my son is 18. I have all but lost hope of doing many things in life because of my health problem. I can't do anything physical for more than a couple min. If I do I can simply pass out. Even when I walk my dog I have to stop going up hills because my blood pressure drops and I get extremely light headed. Even when I wake up in the middle of the night after my body has been at rest for a while I have passed out just going to the bathroom. I am both happy we might be onto something and scared there might not be much I can do. I honestly don't know how to get back to the happy person I use to be because I am in constant fear of what every encounter with her is going to do or mean.
  3. @MarcajaC [1 likes]: The polyvagal theft ory. SCAMMERS
  4. @jovial1213 [1 likes]: LOL, your nueroceotion is hilarious 7:59 "I just wanted to marry him" LOL What a riot!!!🤣🤣🤣
  5. @jennibravo23: Welp. This explains a lot of things. And raises some questions to explore about some of the things that have happened to me.
  6. @Andrew-zy9zp: judges said people aren't rape victims because they froze during the event. thats fucking crazy.
  7. @jeannyyy_98: TRAUMA ISNT PSYCHOLOGICAL IT'S PHYSIOLOGICAL!!!!!! 📢📢📢
  8. @psych123adelitamontero: If it wasn’t so woke and disrespectful to ancient practices. 🫣 It’s not all physiological either it’s both physiological and psychological - hence the mind-body connection.
  9. @BigOne-gn6qj: The Democrat Party Loves President Trump Very Much With All Their Heart and Soul ❤USA 🇺🇸
  10. @mfdoom9437: So, so helpful. Thankyou so much.
  11. @hoovarmin: At 7:44 he uses a presentation on Polyvagal Theory to attack a political figure. How juvenile, arrogant, and unprofessional. Embarrassing.
  12. @susanallen8214: This science of polyvagal theory just reinforced my understanding of the Bible and creation, the importance of a Savior and local church.
  13. @poochini7272: It was great up until the political nonsense.
  14. @rainadawnlutz: Science is catching up to traditional medicine beliefs, not the other way around. People practiced breathing for these reasons, for heart rate and blood pressure lowering, for mind clearing and focus ....  and they knew exactly why they were doing it.
  15. @mariemonn8912: Oh, he had it all wrong about Obama. Instantly you get creepy for him not to tells me he hasn’t done his Trauma work yet
  16. @mariemonn8912: Obama is scary
  17. @smartestdogintheworld: Pretty ok video until you had to negatively mention Trump. He's one again your president.  Deal with it.
  18. @chriswoods4384: Did they give this crowd Molly or something 😂
  19. @TommyCartesian: 🥸
  20. @TelaMoon: I would add to the caption that Seth Porges is the son of Dr Stephen Porges, the creator of Polyvagal Theory.

- Polyvagal Theory Is Dead. Now What?: Kind: captions Language: en Polyvagal theory has been the darling of body-mind practitioners in recent years, being taught in everything from yoga teacher trainings to psychology graduate programs, especially those focused on trauma-informed care. However, a recent paper authored by 39 of the world's leading experts on autonomic nervous system control, physiology, anatomy, and evolution of the vagus nerve just dropped a nuclear bomb into the middle of this theory. Their assessment? It's not ambiguous. These experts aren't debating controversial details or offering suggestions for nitpicky refinement. The conclusion was unanimous. >> [music] >> Polyvagal theory is untenable, meaning it doesn't stand up to scrutiny, and [music] that's important. More on why in just a moment. If you're a practitioner who has built any part of your work around polyvagal theory, this probably lands somewhere between disorienting and devastating. I know because I'm one of you. Polyvagal theory changed my work. It gave me a much-craved neurophysiological explanation for the body-mind connection [music] and the ensuing results that I witnessed in my clients from body-based interventions. I learned about polyvagal theory and the nervous system [music] at a somatic experiencing training back in 2017. I'd encountered it before and was familiar with the general ideas, but when it was explained in the context of nervous system regulation and trauma healing, it hit differently. Polyvagal theory mapped cleanly onto what I observed clinically, and not just in my human clients. I also saw these patterns in my horses. That was the piece that clinched it for me. Humans can and do tell themselves stories about what's happening. We're prone to psychologically BS-ing ourselves into believing something is going on when it really isn't. We can play the good polyvagal client to please our practitioner, but animals have no such agenda. Something either works for them or it doesn't. As I moved from hands-on work into teaching nervous system regulation, I grounded my teaching in what my own mentors taught me about polyvagal theory. I leaned on it as the framework for [music] understanding the mammalian stress response in my own programs, in presentations to students in other programs, and as a speaker. It was the map that I had, and it seemed like a good one with science and citations behind it. But, cracks were beginning to form in the foundation. A 2021 article titled RAP polyvagal theory emerged online and rapidly circulated among somatic practitioners. For me, the article caused some consternation. I wondered if everything I'd been taught was bunk. I tried to tease apart the arguments, but found myself a bit lost in the weeds of scientific jargon. It seemed to me like a lot of infighting. One scientist challenging another on the validity of his theory and his lifelong work. After reading the article and much of the commentary, I was left feeling like I didn't really know what was true. Rather than throw the proverbial baby out with the bathwater, I did continue to use polyvagal theory as a framework, but with some caveats. I told my students, "This is the map that we have right now, but understand that the research is still evolving." Well, the research has evolved, and now we know. Why didn't I ditch polyvagal theory immediately? Well, partly because I've learned to hold science loosely. It's [music] one data point in a lived experience. There's a long history of the scientific community railing against legitimate but novel findings. For example, in the mid-19th century, doctors rejected the idea of washing their hands before delivering babies, despite evidence that showed it reduced maternal mortality because they were offended by the idea that their unwashed hands were killing patients. Science gets things wrong and sometimes it can be catastrophic. And sometimes the people dig into their confirmation bias rather than update their thinking. I just figured that the truth would out eventually. But there's another reason I didn't immediately abandon polyvagal theory and it's probably the more important one. I've been here before. Before I taught body-based nervous system regulation, I spent about 15 years working hands-on with clients in a clinical bodywork practice. I'd trained in a modality called Rolfing in the early 2000s and at the time we were taught that applying pressure was breaking up adhesions in the fascia, which is why people experience less pain and greater mobility after a session. Fast forward a decade or so and we had some solid research that in fact we were not breaking up adhesions in the fascia. This extremely strong tissue is far too strong to be mechanically altered or released through manual therapy or stretching. And yet, the work worked. I saw it every day. It was a weekly occurrence to hear from clients that I was working miracles, which was very kind, but I didn't consider myself a miracle worker. What I did know was the intervention was real, but the explanation for how it had worked was wrong. And so I learned, I updated the map as I went, learning about mechanoreceptors in fascia, the nervous system's response to sensory stimulation, the role of interoception. The updated understanding was richer and more helpful than the original. My work didn't die in the light, it was actually enhanced. So when polyvagal theory started cracking, >> I recognized the pattern. I was willing to update the map again, I just didn't know yet what the accurate map looked like, and [music] now I do. Or at least I know what it doesn't look like. So, let's talk about what the paper actually says and why it's good [music] news. Here's the critical distinction, and it's the thing that I want every person watching this to understand. The states are real. The mechanism behind them is wrong. Psychological safety, social engagement, coregulation, emotional freezing, dissociation, these are real phenomena supported by decades of research that predate polyvagal theory. They come from attachment theory, trauma research, and somatic practices. The paper's authors explicitly state that body-mind therapeutic methods may confer benefits on their own. So, the work stands. What doesn't is the specific narrow anatomical story that Porges constructed to explain these states. I.e., what drives them. This is the now familiar three-tier hierarchy. The dorsal vagal shutdown, ventral vagal social engagement, and sympathetic activation. Porges got the clinical observations right, or rather he built upon clinical observations that were already well established. But, the mechanism is wrong. Concerningly, Porges continued to assert that mechanism for 30 years, even as the evidence mounted against it. And apparently misrepresenting and distorting the work of other scientists to support the claim. >> Rather than engage with criticism of his theory, Porges ignored the overwhelming scientific consensus and instead promoted this inaccurate framework as sound, >> misleading practitioners and clients alike. There is good news in all of this mess, at least for clinicians. What you observe in your clients, that's real. Hyperarousal is real. The need for safety and coregulation is real. [music] People really do dissociate. They numb and freeze when they're overwhelmed. And most importantly, your interventions still work. They just don't work for the reasons that polyvagal theory said they did. So, what now? Where do we go from here? At this point, we need to unravel the threads of polyvagal theory and reorient ourselves towards sound science that will continue to guide our heartfelt interventions. None of us are in this work to mislead our clients, nor ourselves. We genuinely crave an understanding of the mechanisms at play. I know that for myself, understanding why things work the way that they do allows me to be a more effective practitioner. It gives me confidence in my work, in my ability to actually help people, rather than offer just random release. At this point, we need to cultivate a new understanding of the mechanisms behind our clinical observations. I don't yet know of anyone who has a cohesive map, and that's okay. We'll chart one together. The paper's final recommendation is that practitioners reorient and consider other already existing, as well as novel psychophysiological explanations that are in line with modern conceptions [music] and evidence regarding autonomic regulation of bodily functions. That's what I'm doing. >> I'm reaching out to researchers in interoception, embodied cognition, and autonomic regulation. I'm updating my curriculum. >> I'm reading and rereading the work of people like Lisa Feldman Barrett, whose constructed emotion theory offers a far more nuanced and evidence-based account of how our bodies and minds create emotional experience together. [music] And look, I'm not going to pretend that this isn't disorienting. Losing an anchoring theory shakes something in your core. It makes you question not just the framework, but also yourself, your credibility, your competence, the validity of your work. But I've been here before and I know the pattern. The intervention is real. The explanation was wrong. We update the map and hopefully the work gets better. Years ago, I studied shamanism with a Lakota medicine woman. She said that the difference between science and shamanism is that a shaman doesn't care how something works, only that it does. Science often doesn't believe something works until it understands how. I live somewhere between those two realities. >> I know my work works. 20 years of real-world practice have shown me that. I also want to understand why, and I want that understanding to be honest. Healing work is at least as much art as science. Being a practitioner means being willing to get lost in the dark. It means holding your map loosely enough that when it turns out to be wrong, you can set it down and keep walking. That's I'm setting down the old map and I'm still walking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @holeymcsockpuppet [1 likes]: I see MULTIPLE issues occurring in psychology. But the biggest ones are the lack of cross-domain collaboration and "single mechanism" models. 

For example, if you are testing polyvagal theory in "trauma based care", you are assuming "trauma based care" is the accurate model of psychological makeup.

It's not. Trauma based care is becoming obsolete. It's based on too many assumptions and only effective short term. Specifically this is impacting the long term effectiveness of DBT on Borderline Personality Disorder.

Testing PVT in a trauma based framework is no different than testing it in dog training. 

I'm not saying PVT is correct. I'm actually saying that if tested properly, could be shown to be more correct than we currently think, OR  it could be shown it is actually causing small amounts of HARM! 

Different schools of though in sociology, different schools of though in psychology, different schools of thought in neurology and neuropsychology, are all fighting for dominance of their "single mechanism" models.

This is happening in a system with people who can't design research properly (flawed methodology is RAMPANT), a damaged peer review processes, tenure, social narrative pressure, and pharmaceutical financial influence. 

All models should be viewed FROM THE START as incomplete. 
Research needs to be collaborative between domains, not within them.
Everything needs to be worked with as a process of refinement. Trimming models, discarding models, nurturing models, planting new models...CONTINUOUSLY. 

Humans don't naturally behave that way.

PVT ELEMENTS are likely to be proven helpful in a new framework as we learn more. 

Adoption of new ideas is slow. People, including tons of doctors, STILL believe that mental illness is a chemical imbalance. That was disproven over 20 years ago. How do you think that influences current research and treatment approaches?

This research shouldn't be looked at as "disproving PVT" in it's entirety. It needs to be looked at as a puzzle piece in a football field size puzzle with hundreds of groups all  working on different 4" square sections.

Good video!
  2. @GerryBlue: Ah, yotube, you find one video that says "do xyz" then immediately get suggested a new one that says "don't do xyz"
  3. @SoulSutra1967: I have severe CPTSD. My nervous system is jacked up. I have tried talk therapy, CBT, breathwork, meditation, EMDR, and more. Nothing works. I feel like there’s an earthquake inside - damn near rumbling all the time. I’ve been to neurologist after neurologist. No one can find anything wrong. I discovered polyvagal today and was about to invest in some training until I came across this video. My next step is off to Peru to try ayahuasca. This condition has disabled me and I am tired of it. I need healing.
  4. @hilkeaknies: Thank you for this video ❤, this is exactly what I was talking about all the time. Prof. Neuhuber, who is part of the critical side of the polyvagal theory is also not denying the reactions in our work, he is only talking about the explanations, that are not proven or proven wrong. And HE knows this, but Porges seems to not want to discuss this topics. And having rude conversations with these guys. So I read and hear always the mess. So many teachers and therapist don't understand this difference. They put a lot of things in the same pot, and this is not what we need to talk about.

I am a singing teacher, not an expert, but when you talk with experts, they can explain all the medical neurological things WHY the vagus does not work in this way, why you can not measure the HRV in that way, and what the evolutionary researchers found about the nervous systems in reptiles and others early animals.
My work with my singers improved a lot as I learned SE (somatic experience), and about the Polyvagaltheory, but then I had to learn that the neuroanatomy behind it is not correct. But my work stays improved and very good. That's not worth a discussion.

And also thanks for mentioning Lisa Barrett Feldman, I started with her "7 1/2 lectures about the brain" and now I am reading her book about the emotion. I love her, but she crashed a lot of the theories i thought were right. So go on learning more and more, and appreciate things that works in our work, and be open to new perspectives.
I also loved Bud Craig with his book "How do you feel?"

An just to say last, a theory is called a theory, because it not proven absolutely right.
  5. @Jontheinternet: Thanks for being honest. Many don’t care because we feel we were k. To something and a lit of it makes sense. It’s like saying for thousands of years that the sun rises only to be told of the sun isn’t technically rising. The Earth is spinning. But for all practical purposes, it still works for us and doesn’t change things to believe the sun is still rising, saying that the Earth is turning didn’t change our experience
  6. @AprilWatters: Does anyone get that we live in a Death Economy?
  7. @AprilWatters: Why is there so much health destruction and abuse?
  8. @AprilWatters: WE DONT NEED "THERAPIST". ALL WE NEED ARE HEALTHY FAMILIES AND COMMUNITIES. ALL "therapy" is has been putting a $$ Sign where it DOESN'T BELONG! Making people have to Buy what is supposed to be Clean and Free when we enter this world 🌎.  Healthy families and communities. But, people are More than Happy to make debt $ off people who were Robbed of what RIGHTFULLY Belongs to them. We need helping and giving with NO $$ Sign on it!
I call my podcast The Family Industrial Complex to show the parallels btwn child abuse, family, community and the Macro $$, No Profit in Cures, system like Dupont poisoning the world with PFOA, BP oil disaster, CHEVRON polluting the Ecuadorian Amazon with Impunity, the Flint water 💧 crisis AND the recent Big Pharma Covid Jab scam. EVERYTHING IS ABOUT $$. AND should NOT be. Taking $$ OFF relationships is how we take down the Death Economy and the Globalists
  9. @Intuitionjenn: MANY complementary therapies cannot be scientifically proven, yet we know it works. Even Somatic therapy was considered quackery back when we were all doing it before it had a name. So, I will go with experiences over papers.
  10. @OpinionStatedAsFact: This whole presentation sounds like it was written by AI and regurgitated by a person
  11. @guyejumz6936: Porges knew it was a stretch to try to anchor his theory in the biomechanical explanation. The basic problem is that these psychological phenomena are just way too complex to understand them mechanically with our current level of knowledge.

But I don't think this is a big problem; no other credible psychological theory is anchored in biomechanics, either, so that can't really be a demerit. I'm in favor of changing the terminology so that it doesn't get confused with real neurology, but besides that, I don't think there's any problem with continuing to practice PVT.
  12. @BigGuy-b3z: was this script written with AI, sounds like it was lmao
  13. @Freydis_MAximus: My English is too bad to understand. I suffer so much for 5 years after my father's stroke and a HPV diagnosis. So sad that I can not understand in detail what she is talking about. 😢
  14. @LanguageCultureMusic-og5bm: Try saying it with a little less poison, might make more people watch more than 1 minute of your video
  15. @MarioStankovic: The phenomena Porges sought to describe, the lived states of safe connection, mobilization, and withdrawal, and their transformative role in clinical work, remain real and observable, even if the mechanistic explanation he offered overreaches what physiology can currently measure. A theory can be imprecise about the mechanism and still be pointing at something true about human experience, especially at the threshold where the measurable meets dimensions of being that empirical method, by its own design, cannot fully reach.
  16. @andreabai3531: The links are not working, can you help me?
  17. @caoillainn: We don't know how aspirin or EMDR actually 'work'. Who cares as long as it results in positive outcomes?
  18. @luccmdfyjo: lets not forget that its you who is making the interpretations of what is going on with your horse ...
  19. @OKbuddie123: This is what happens when we try to prove life using form or science. Separation from source and the consequent contraction is the real cause.
  20. @belindabaxter6794: Thank you for speaking on this. Remember that rockerfella medicine doesn't understand homeopathics ( which definitely work) or a host of other things. Its pretty narrow minded tbh Just remember the Hippocratic oath - first do no harm ( which ironically is missing from rockerfella medicine 🤔)

- Optimism of Polyvagal Theory: Redefining Safety | Dr. Aimie Apigian: Kind: captions Language: en I'm optimistic and poly vagal theory is an optimistic Viewpoint and it means that it acknowledges that many people have difficulties feelings safe but it doesn't mean that they are destined to feel that way forever I'm Dr Amy your guide for transforming your trauma into your gift you adapted to life experiences to survive but you are not your trauma [Music] we all enter the world thinking that we feel like everyone else and what we're really understanding is we don't share all the same experiences our physiological states are not the same so even external stimuli affect us differentially I have this question that I ask people about Stillness is stillness something they welcome or something they try to stay away from now for me I really welcome Stillness but for many people that I know very well Stillness is very frightening its vulnerability and what we're talking about is simply immobilized which is stillness we are vulnerable and but for me Stillness is accessibility so we can see the same features affecting people differently and I thought the real uh role let's say of therapy or intervention is to enable people to feel safe I didn't realize that feeling safe let's say accessible and still was a trigger for those who carried a trauma history for those who carry a trauma in history that immobilization which I'm calling safe Stillness accessibility is a frightening experience to them they have to get eight things we would call anxiety producing but it's really saying their body is going into a state of defense and we had and they have to get out of there we can't be there so much of your work and what you have given us is this emphasis on the need for safety yeah and being able to bring in tools to gently lead people along this step towards finding that connection with themselves as safe yeah and and how important that is we I mean I'm optimistic and polyvagles theory is an optimistic Viewpoint and it means that it acknowledges that many people have difficulties feelings safe but it feel that way forever so I feel that our natural state is to feel safe in the arms of another and that we can develop strategies to lead us along that journey and path and we don't have to sense to be an advocate for the way we are and says keep the world this if I become still I'm vulnerable therefore I don't want Stillness around me that we can develop toolkits to enable us to expand our experiences humans and not have to Advocate being in this very restricted life space and you have just said it perfectly what is the reason behind what I do here with the biology of trauma is that yes we have to address the biology we have to address the physiology we have to look at some of these things that are impacting our nervous system and its ability to rewire for safety even but we also have to start with the experience and so I don't work with people's biology until I can have them even just be a witness and we do some of the somatic work and and it's all it's all bringing everything together I can't we can't separate it like we have in the past so thank you for this I am gonna have to just have you come back and talk about some of the Adaptive significance of the dissociation we weren't able to get to that today and I would love for you just to give our your 60 second version of your tilt table and how you have used that in order to help create a felt sense of safety for your nervous system and give people a practical idea for tools there aren't a lot of tools in your house um I what we want to talk about is really neural exercises and there was a kind of Illusion towards neuroplasticity but I don't think you need to go there I think you need to go into understanding State regulation and moving between states and that we just haven't been able to access the states of our nervous system because we have felt safe the tilt table is my Venture every morning into triggering my blood pressure receptors so I do actually quite vigorous tilts from this direction to that direction to challenge the system to build a so it's not a threat it's a sense developing resilience of my autonomic nervous system because blood pressure posture shifts are powerful in terms of triggering a autonomic compensation to maintain constant oxygenated blood flow to your brain and as you get older and I'm getting older I decided that it was important for me to keep a resilient autonomic nervous system so for me tilting was that I had also built around 30 years ago an awesome oscillating guilt table which no one ever wanted to get off of because it rocked at such a peaceful rhythmicity that was consistent with the vascular rhythms in our body I don't have that anymore unfortunately but it was really quite remarkable I had people who wouldn't get off of it because they got out and they say oh this is I'm here and I'm thinking about redis rebuilding it and redesigning it and making it available awesome we have so much more to talk about and we'll figure out how to create a new oscillating tilt table for you too think about the our visualization of floating on waves and think about head to toe not satisfied can be dizzy and but head to toe like a mother rocking a baby but we tend to rock in our breathing Rhythm now slow it up to like once every 15 seconds and the body goes into another state I love how you emphasize this state regulation and and we do have a lot of tools a lot of the somatic tools and and even some of these tools to help ourselves track and then be able to actually shift and regulate our own stages one one final point that the world of trauma teaches you that it is State because one day a person is Innocents fine and then the traumatic event occurs and there is a mental reorganization instantaneously within a day or and physiologically so we know that it is a rapid it's not a neuroplasticity it's a state shift and the question is can we give the nervous system the appropriate cues to recover to his sense reclaim their evolution our our evolutionary Heritage of being safe in the presence of another this is why I have learned to support my biology support my nervous system support even that tendency for the shutdown rather than fight it thank you to you and your work thank you very much Amy thank you for inviting me

- Polyvagal Theory Is Being Challenged… What Play Therapists Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Next Level Play Therapy, a weekly podcast dedicated [music] to supporting the next generation of child and adolescent therapists to provide [music] exceptional play therapy services. We'll explore all things play [music] therapy to elevate your work with children and adolescents using the therapeutic [music] powers of play. I'll discuss practical tips and ideas so you can provide a transformative experience for your young [music] clients and make a real difference in their lives. So, get ready [music] to take your play therapy skills to the next level and make a lasting impact in the lives of [music] children, adolescents, and families. There we go. >> [laughter] >> Little technical difficulties here. Welcome to this week's episode of Next Level Play Therapy. And this week we're going to tackle the debate about polyvagal theory. And if you have heard, then you're probably aware some of the components of polyvagal theory are being disputed by neuroscientists and researchers in the field. So, polyvagal theory, for those of you who may not be aware, was developed by Stephen Porges, and there were some main components of polyvagal theory that some of which we're finding are still true, and some of which are, once again, apparently, this has been an ongoing debate, once again, being debated. And so, I actually found out about this probably a couple of months back just by scrolling on social media, and I heard our you know, there's the clickbait, is it is polyvagal dead or something like debunked and I So, I started looking to it a little more deeply. In fact, once I realized there were some pretty serious critiques about it, I thought to myself, oh my gosh, am I explaining this accurately or am I just kind of saying what everybody else is saying and trusting that it's true, which made me feel really uncomfortable. So, I actually got some consultation. I joined joined a couple of uh one group with a really awesome neuroscientist that I have consulted with in fact last week just to make sure that I'm understanding things. And I I think because it's so widely used in the play therapy arena, I thought it would be useful to talk about it and start a conversation about it in our play therapy community. So, just full disclosure ahead of time, I do not consider myself to be an expert in this area of neuroscience and affective or cognitive neuroscience, which is why I consulted with the researcher. Um I do think it's important to make sure that what we are using is is current because what we know about science is that it evolves over time. Even even models, you know, play therapy models, they evolve over time. And so, to me that's why it's important to keep up with the latest understanding of what's going on and making sure we're using that effectively and accurately in the work that we're doing. And I think I think one of the challenges that happens is because we're clinicians and practitioners, not theorists or researchers, sometimes the neuroscience things can be real I call it really science-y and it's kind of hard to make sense. It's not my area of expertise. I had to actually look up what phylogenetic means because that's part of >> part of the debate, which I found really interesting information about that. Um and I thought, well, I'm let's let's I think we need to have conversations about it. So, the with the information that I'm going to present today >> [clears throat] >> is just my understanding of the debate, what I've found out by doing some research. In the description, I posted some information where you can find Stephen Porges' response to Grossman and the 39 other neuroscientists who are critiquing I I posted the Grossman article. Those are those were posted those were published this year, so it's a fairly recent [clears throat] debate. However, what I also found out is it's been disputed for several years now. And I also posted in there, if you're on Substack, which is my new really nerdy place to go to, I found some really interesting um articles, one of which is Anna Lund. I joined her group as well. I follow and consult with Dr. Bertha McDonald. She's an affective and cognitive neuroscientist. So, her information is really good. Her Her resources are amazing. So, there are resources out there that I want to point you to to help you do your own research and form your own opinions. I do think we need to have a conversation about it because there are some very valid points that have been made. In fact, if I'm being completely honest, which I am right now, there were some things about polyvagal, even that whole idea of The Body Keeps Score, that never really sat well with me. But, the experts in the field were saying these things and I I didn't have access to some of the other resources I now have access to to kind of get a more balanced understanding of it. So, that whole idea of the body body keeps score, that's a whole other conversation. Um and where trauma is actually stored, that's a whole other conversation, which I I will be talking about in later episodes. Um and so, let's let's get down to First, what are the main components? And this is just a really simplified summary. Um and [clears throat] then, as therapists, what are we going to do about this? Like, what How are we going to use the information? Are we going to make some adjustments? All the things. So, the The first thing is polyvagal theory looks at the autonomic response systems in a hierarchical way, meaning according to polyvagal theory, according to Stephen Porges, there's an evolutionary development of the nervous system beginning with the dorsal vagal complex which is the immobilization for freezing and disconnecting under extreme threat. If there appears to be no other avenue for for safety, the theory is that that's when we go into dorsal vagal And that's the second in the evolutionary process of development was the sympathetic nervous system and that system mobilizes for fight or flight and then and then the the highest or the most recent evolutionary development is the development of the ventral vagal complex or the social engagement system which calms and connects supporting safety and the ability for that prosocial behavior. So the ventral vagal and the dorsal vagal are both part of the parasympathetic system and according to Stephen Porges, they kind of developed in an evolutionary stage in different ways. The other concept that he developed is this idea or this concept of neuroception. And he called them the neuroception circuits. So these are the subconscious out of awareness of conscious thought that is constantly assessing for threat all the time, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year and we're not consciously aware of it and it is the our our brain and body's way of keeping us safe and make sure make sure that we're surviving. So, um and it's assessing danger and threat from the environment and when it assesses threat, it will activate those circuits to ensure survival. And then the the other concept is this idea of co-regulation, which has been around way before Stephen Porges. but hit part of his theory is that the ability to calm one's nervous system is through those safe social connections and that's viewed as a biological necessity. And I have heard him say in trainings talking about five cranial nerves that are part of that vagal system for the eyes and the ears and the mouth and those are um creating either cues of safety or not queuing safety. And then the the other thing that is a component of polyvagal theory is the vagus nerve branches. So, Stephen Porges um proposed that there are two branches of the vagus system. There's the newer myelinated ventral vagus system and the older unmyelinated dorsal vagus and that according to Stephen Porges in polyvagal theory, these serve two very different responses. So, that's kind of a really really really simplified um version of the of the polyvagal theory. And so, I just realized I forgot to invite people to comment, post post where you're from if you're watching. We're talking about the polyvagal debate. So, polyvagal theory is being challenged yet again, and what play therapists need to know. So, I just went over some of the main components of polyvagal theory. And if you're joining live, I would love to know who's here. Feel free to post your name in the comments. What population do you work with? Are you a play therapist or another type of therapist or or maybe you're a researcher and you can explain this way better than me. So, post that in the comments. If you're watching on the replay, I'd still love to hear from you. What are your thoughts? What is your understanding about this this debate about whether or not polyvagal theory is to quote the words of Grossman and his colleagues tenable. And if you're listening on the podcast, feel free to send me an email. Um if you find the information useful, please feel free to like and share so that it gets out to more people. I do think this is a a conversation we need to be having. So, what's disputed? What's disputed is the real one one thing is the really fancy term phylogenetic. So, for those of you like myself who didn't know what phylogenetic means or you or more like me, I have to keep looking it up. Um phylogenetics is the study of evolutionary relationships among biological entities like species, individuals, or or genes using DNA, RNA, and morphological data to build phylogenetic trees. That definition is courtesy of Dr. Google, where I get really good summaries sometimes, and then I have to adjust as needed. So, what is the critique about about that? So, the critique is um has to do with the evolutionary theory and history of the vagus nerve, specifically that myelinated myelinated pathways are exclusive only to mammals or they evolved uniquely. And one of the criticisms that I've heard about this um from a couple of experts is that the um that's not really true in that that even that there are some species that do have those myelinated vagal pathways. Um I even heard one expert say that reptiles do have a social engagement circuit, which I found interesting. I've no idea if that's true. That's what the expert says. I found that interesting. And there will probably be a time when I explore that further and go down that rabbit hole, but it is not today. So, the other thing that's being disputed is that uh vagus nerve and face connection. And so, critics argue that the evidence is weak for the claim that newer vagus nerves directly manages that ventral vagal system for social engagement um stating that the facial expressions are more directly linked to other nerves and the and the amygdala. in a nutshell, what I've heard pretty consistently is that there's a tendency to over simplify or state things that are not supported by research. And that's that's mostly where the critiques are coming from. And the way that it's being explained, especially the vagus nerve system, is over simplified and not really accurate. So, the other the other critique that's being made is that many neuroscientists argue that the theory, while clinically popular, and it is very popular, and that I would say for for those this is kind of my my how I've made meaning of it so far, is how it seems to me. What what seems to be happening is that the the experts and the neuroscientists and the researchers are the ones raising the alarm about polyvagal inaccuracies, and those of us in the clinical, where we take theory and we have to apply it, because we're not focused on the science-y things. We're focused on how do I take that science and use it to help my clients. So, we're the kind of practical application arm of things. And I this is one of the things that I talked with Dr. McDonald about is um it seems like the the ner in the science neuroscientists it's so complicated and they know so much that it sometimes can feel overwhelming or it doesn't always make sense. So, we look for people who can help us break things down and make sense of them, which I think is one of the things that we found useful about polyvagal theory is it helped to break things down and um help us understand things in a way that we kind of knew were useful but we didn't really understand the whole thing and I'm going to talk a little bit about what's still true. I'll talk about that next, but I think what's happened is in the clinical arena in the in the therapy field, we've kind of relied on information that apparently may not be accurate in its entirety. And so um what the researcher is saying is polyvagal theory lacks direct empirical evidence to support its claim including the role of the vagus nerve system which serves to transmit information um to other nerves and the amygdala. So it it's not it its role is mostly to be the highway to transport the information and according to the the experts critiquing polyvagal theory is that they're they're saying the polyvagal of the vagus nerve system ventral vagal is not making this happen. What it's doing is it's transmitting the information to those parts of the brain and body that need the information. And so the the other claim that they're critique that the um Grossman and his 39 other colleagues are making has to do with again a lot of the unproven anatomical and hierarchical claims. And so some critics are arguing that the theory simplifies or misrepresents a complex integrated functioning of the autonomic nervous system and the neuroanatomy is hierarchical with three branches. And I've heard that one pretty consistently across all of the critiques. And so >> there are some things about polyvagal that are still true and they predate polyvagal theory. These are things that were true prior to poly um Stephen Porges developing polyvagal theory and they're still usable and even the experts um critiquing polyvagal theory will say these are true as well. So for us as play therapists and those of us in the community, these regardless of the critique, these are are agreed upon by all of the experts including Stephen Porges from my understanding. So, here's what's still agreed upon is that the um there is an autonomic hierarchy meaning many researchers acknowledge that the stress response will often follow a hierarchical pattern starting so we have the social engagement system if there's threat kind of moving to fight or flight and lastly shutdown or we start in shutdown or we have to work our way back up. But what they're what they're critiquing is it's not a stick very strict like it's only can go in this direction from that like hierarchical and it won't go outside that hierarchical response. What they're and the reason they're saying um that's not true because the our whole nervous system is and brain and all of the neural pathways are very complex. and there's a predictive nature to the brain that sets in motion activates energy where energy needs to go based on its prediction of what needs to happen. So that whole fight, flight, freeze, all of that's still true. The only thing that's different is it doesn't have to be in a specific order. Also the connection between the mind and the body exists and using some of those somatic strategies that we've been using like breathing techniques and regulating heart heart rate to slow down and calm the nervous system, calm the brain, all of those are still true. Which for us, I feel like as play therapists, these are the main strategies we were using. We were using with children whose who were dysregulated and their nervous system was highly activated. We were using these strategies and they were working. And they they're still going to work. And the the research supports that they will work. So that that a lot of the strategies I feel like that we were using are still important. [clears throat] So these are these are still agreed upon. Even the experts agree these are true. And what's also true agreed upon with all of the experts is safety's role in our health and mental health. So there's an agreement that feelings of safety and social connectedness are really vital for our physical and social emotional health. So those things are all very true. One of the things that I have um found out which to me as a clinician is really really useful is really understanding the role of the and its role in activating the nervous system. So when we're talking about nervous system activation we can't really leave out the role of that predictive job of the brain to take in all this information that it's getting all the time and it's making sense of it. It uses past experiences, which is where the trauma comes in to wreak a little havoc in this process. And um to make sense of what needs to happen and then the brain will send out those signals about the response that's needed. And so I think for me one of the main takeaways that I've learned about this is we really need to make sure that we're understanding the role of the and the role of thoughts that are activating different response. So our belief systems and how those belief systems came to be and we can still use a lot of those somatic strategies that we were using but we want to make sure we're helping to target some of those belief systems. So so interestingly enough I've been I'm going to digress a little bit and then I'll to me this kind of goes to how are we applying it in the play therapy field and how are we explaining things to parents. So so one of the ways that I explain this to parents is that our brain is our our brain is wired to keep us alive. And so it is going to it is going to make sense of things and activate responses in order to keep us alive. And what happens sometimes is that the the meaning we make of something is going to activate that threat response and it's based on the meaning that we've made of something. Also I would say because we work with children we're looking at the development of that neuro system and of the meaning that children are making we're looking at that through a developmental lens. Children's nervous system, neuro pathways, emotion regulation circuitry, those are all in development. And that that co-regulation with with their caregivers, adults, parents, I would include even teachers and you know, other like maybe daycare providers. All of children need those adults in their lives to be able to help do that co-regulation. And the way I explain it to parents a lot of times is I kind of go through what I just went through and talk about children's developing nervous system like their neuro pathways are developing and that's going to be influenced by their experiences with their caregivers. So, when they get too stressed and upset, then they're going to have that heightened response because they've made meaning of it somehow in their mind. And our ability to stay regulated through that process with them, even if we're a little kind of aroused a little bit, a little activated, the more we can manage that and regulate ourselves effectively as the caregivers, then it's kind of like kids, this is a really simplified way of saying it, it's kind of like they're borrowing or using our regulated state to get to a more regulated state. And I frequently use the term regulated rather than calm because the idea is that's what we we want. Even we want them to get to a more regulated state where they're able to engage more and we use more effective behavior and help to facilitate a shift in their nervous system state that's going to help them do the things that they need to be doing. So, that's kind of how I explain it to parents because what I really want to do is help parents understand that they have a vital role in helping their children who get dysregulated a lot and are having these big big behaviors that aren't making sense and are overwhelming parents. So, helping parents understand it from that standpoint is important and then teaching them some strategies. And most of us, I think in the play therapy arena, that's those are all the parts of polyvagal theory that are still true. And um we can still use those and we can still teach some some breathing and all of those things and activity that gets out some of that extra energy that they're experiencing some of that extra maybe some of that aggressive energy and and get their systems to regulate a little bit more. Interestingly enough, I've been taking spend a lot I anyway I've had this debate with myself. Do I do EMDR? Do I not do EMDR? Anyways, the stars aligned and I found some really awesome trainers for EMDR with playful EMDR. Shout out to Annie Monaco and Anne Beckley Forest. I really really like them and the team. And as I've been learning this simultaneous to updating with polyvagal system or vagal theory and some of the things that we've been taught including the body trauma is stored in the body which is not true. I found out but that's [clears throat] another discussion. Um one of the things that I really like about EMDR is that idea of we're looking at emotions, we're looking at belief systems and specifically belief systems what does that mean about me? Right? So we can get to some of that shame and guilt and all the things all the emotions that are tied to those belief systems that are going to activate a dysregulated state. And where are we feeling that in the body and then we can target it all those different ways. Now EMDR has a specific way of doing that and I would say most of the trauma models the trauma model that I was taught years ago which most people don't even know about it. It's a good one, though. Um and had those same components to it. So, uh there are are things about polyvagal theory that we can um continue to use. I think the important thing as play therapists is really keeping up-to-date with what's currently accurate and doing some research ourselves and getting trusted sources to find out what what the research is is letting us know these days so that we can keep up because that's that's what theory does. We're always updating. Apparently, even EMDRs updating their way of thinking about things, which I think is awesome. So, that is it for today. Let me do a quick recap that theories evolve as more information is learned, and so we want to keep up with that. Um the the debate can be healthy and useful to kind of keep us up-to-date and keeping us sharp. I don't I mean, a respectful debate is good. Healthy debate and we can still use that information in our play therapy work. And that the basic strategies that most play therapists were using are still Um that we still are looking at coregulation. We're still looking at that nervous system response. We're adding that idea of maybe understanding role of the brain in there and and that it's a very complicated system of very and various factors that will influence the response because people are unique, their experiences are unique, and how that gets set up in their in their brain and in their neural pathways is unique. So, that is it for today. Um if you're interested, I didn't talk much about this cuz um but I do have a If you're interested in ha learning about using a trauma model to use in play therapy, I am doing another training again on healing trauma through play therapy, a neuroscience and attachment approach. I I am updating my training to include this latest research that I've been finding. And so, basically, we're kind of going over the neuroscience and attachment, using that case conceptualization lens, and then walking through a the stages of play therapy using a framework for working with children who've experienced trauma. So, you know what to do, when to do it, and why you're doing it, and then in each stage of the play therapy process because I think having that framework to know what to do, when to do, and why you're doing it, and how to do it is really, really important. And then, we'll also talk about working with caregivers, how you're making sense of play therapy sessions, and some strategies, play therapy activities that you can use. So, if you're interested in um that training, healing trauma through attachment approach, that's coming up in June on June 6th. It'll be in person in St. George, Utah. There's a virtual online version. You can attend virtually as well. And there will be a recorded version. I want to update the um have that available. So, if you're interested, pop over to my website at r h play therapy training.com. That's r h play therapy training.com. renewingheartsplaytherapy.com. Register today. And here's the thing, one of the things that I've decided I want to do because I I think it's really important is we I have a an online membership. I have two online memberships. One of them, Play Therapy Elevation Circle, is more having a community of supportive play therapists where you can staff ideas, get support. We do a book club in there. We do a monthly consultation in there where you can staff your cases, get support. We just did a whole amazing consultation about what to do when a child keeps wrecking your playroom. Some really good support about that. Um we'll also do mini trainings in there. We have some more things that are coming. Just a way to have some support to stay up with the latest information about going on, helping you with your your cases, supporting each other. So, when you register for Healing Trauma Through Play Therapy, uh neuroscience and attachment approach, when you register for that training, your registration is going to include 60 days of access at no charge for new members. So, if you're not already in Play Therapy Elevation Circle, if you take the training, you you have access to 60 days of ongoing support. So, now that gives you the ability to take what you've learned. Now you're applying it with clients, and now you can bring it back and get support from the group about um the best way to help your clients. registration is open. Early bird price is ending on tomorrow, actually. So, if you want to register, definitely uh register soon. And also, if you're interested, I do have some openings in Play Therapy Academy. Play Therapy Academy is a much smaller um online program where we have a more strategic approach on developing play therapy competency skills, getting feedback, how do you apply your play therapy model through each stage of the play therapy process. Um that So, Play Therapy Academy, we do a much deeper dive for skill development and developing competence and confidence, so you don't feel like an imposter anymore. Elevation Circle, we do some of that as well, more in a supportive way, and that way you can get access to to support, so you don't feel like you're doing it alone. Both of those provide a lot of support. If you're interested in Play Therapy Academy, um feel free to message me. I'm happy to answer questions. Well, I'm also going to put some links in the comments to the training as well as Play Therapy Academy. If you're interested in Play Therapy Academy, just schedule a 30-minute video call with me. I'll go over it, see if it's a good fit for you. If it's not, maybe Elevation Circle is a good fit for you. If neither of them is good fit you for you, then I've had a chance to talk to another play therapist, and that always makes me happy. So, um all ready. So, that is it for today, and I will see you next week. Next week I'm going to uh do a case a case study. So, fictitious client, of course, but I I think it's kind of helpful for play therapists. Like, how do we take these concepts and apply them in real time and what's our decision-making and thinking process. So, that'll be next week and I will see you next time. And again, if you found this helpful, please feel free to share it so that more people have access. [clears throat] And I will see you next week. Bye for now. Thank you for joining me on this episode of next level play therapy. I hope you found the discussion valuable [music] and gain new insights and ideas to support your work helping children, adolescents, and families heal. If you enjoyed this episode, be sure to subscribe to the podcast and leave a review. Your feedback [music] helps to improve and reach more people who can benefit from this information. Remember, play therapy is a powerful tool for healing and growth. Whether you're a new play [music] therapist or experienced, I encourage you to continue your learning journey to unlock the potential of play in your own work and relationships. If you have any questions or topic suggestions [music] for future episodes, I'd love to hear from you. Connect [music] with me on social media and visit my website at Renewing Hearts Play Therapy Training to stay updated on upcoming episodes, trainings, and resources. Thank you once again for listening to next level [music] play therapy. Until next time, keep playing, learning, and growing.

- Anxiety: what most people are still getting wrong about the nervous system: Kind: captions Language: en so when we talk about the nervous system and this is where there's some layers here where I think that this nervous system influencer world again full respect I know why they're doing it it's because they know that this is important and so they're trying to stay relevant as health influencers right but it would be like um someone saying wow we just found out that there's a new way of doing a type of internal surgery for gastric ulcers you know let me start talking about that even though I'm just a nutritionist like it wouldn't make any sense right so it's kind of a strange analogy I tracked you I got you yeah did you okay good yeah I think I think the real Point you're making here is that there are people that are passionate about the idea but that doesn't mean they have the depth of experience to really speak about the idea in an important way 100% And so when we think of the nervous system and this stored survival stress we have to also remember so everyone you know listening think about this or feel this your nervous system isn't just one nerve the autonomic nervous system is part of the peripheral nervous system so it's not the brain and the spinal cord it's everything that comes out of the brain and the spinal cord everyone's talking about the vus nerve that's a cranial nerve that comes out of the brain um all the nerves that make our arms move and our digestion work and our reproductive organs work and the hormone release it's coming out of the spinal cord these nerves so when we have this high level of stuck F stuck fight flight it isn't just impacting the nerves it's impacting all the things that those nerves touch so when we talk about anxiety it can show up in physiological ways and so I want to make that connection because people might say oh I don't have any anxiety I'm calm as a cucumber cool as a cucumber but I have IBS I have chronic pain I have fibromyalgia I've got an AO immune thing I'm constantly in relationship troubles I can't sleep um you know the list is long all these symptomologies that come from disregulation and so when we say nervousness or anxiety it isn't just mental it's physiological so I want to put that out there for the reason that in order to improve our regulation at the nervous system level it isn't just about getting out of these sympathetic responses [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @megpierce979 [13 likes]: This is an eye-opener.  I am as cool as a cucumber and a happy camper, but I have quite a list of symptoms, including a few auto immune ones.
  2. @annabmoya6678 [8 likes]: Can you point me to the longer video of this? Thank you
  3. @hearttalkscoach [6 likes]: I really appreciate you taking the conversation beyond "nervous system regulation" and into the embodied, physiological experience of disregulation and its massive variability! It takes us out of aiming for a particular state as in "I SHOULD be regulated / ventral." Using the physiological sensations as cues to one's state, and working through them as their own phenomena worthy of attention, has been a game changer for myself and my clients
  4. @illadelagos8770 [4 likes]: From the thumbnail I though someone had finally done a video on irene being a nervous system influencer lol
  5. @ceesga1 [1 likes]: In ancient medicine knowledge, it was understood that in order to aid someone "heal", they could not just treat one of our bodies, but all of them at the same time. All our bodies are connected, therefore, what happens to one of our bodies it affects the others. The same, healing one body at a time, will affect the other bodies. I ended up having fribromyalgia due to a very traumatic experience. A Chinese Dr. Did acupuncture and healed me, but he will always tell me that he did not do such a thing. That he aid in restoring the flow of my stagnet energy,  once that starts happening. the body start healing itself. He was treating my energy body, but he was such a wonderful and gifted soul, that just to be in his presences, his energy, and love intention was also healing my emotional body. Working with one self its the hardest thing that anyone can endured. My lady, you are on tye right track with your philosophy on how to treat trauma.
  6. @shinebabyshine. [1 likes]: I’ve def been thinking of you as all these influencers are jumping on the nervous system bandwagon
  7. @tarakadir9259 [1 likes]: ❤🙏🏻
  8. @Trot-w2i: You are over complicating things
  9. @jouilia536: Does the 21 day nervous system course includes titration as well and the lessons about the  diaphragms  ?
  10. @jenniferflower9265: Irene, how do you feel about somatic yoga as a tool?

- What Polyvagal Theory Gets Wrong About the Nervous System: Kind: captions Language: en Hey beautiful humans, I'm Sookie Baxter and welcome. Today I want to talk to you about the controversy around polyvagal theory. So if you don't know, a paper recently came out that called polyvagal theory untenable. That means that it cannot be supported. It doesn't stand up to scrutiny. Basically, it doesn't it's not real. This is destabilizing for those of us, like myself, who are clinicians, practitioners, who have grounded our work in polyvagal theory. Now, it's not a shock. I wrote a whole article about this and I talked about some earlier papers that came out and I did have a bit of an inkling that this might happen at some point. If you want to read that article, I'll link to it in the description box below. But I do feel like us practitioners have been in a bit of a polyvagal theory echo chamber. We have learned about polyvagal theory in our education, in our training, sometimes in graduate programs, and of course it's everywhere on social media. My own work included, right? Cuz I have shared this as well. And we keep repeating it to each other. Now we have 39 of the world's leading experts in neuroscience, neuroanatomy, vertebrate evolution, um vagus nerve research, physiology, who are coming forward to really share what the science shows. I read both the critique of polyvagal theory and Porges's rebuttal. And the rebuttal is very self-referential. Most of the citations in there are of Porges's own work. So, I thought it would be really helpful and important to have somebody talk to us a little bit more about what the science shows, what we know and what we don't. So, I invited Dr. Paul Grossman, who's the lead author of the paper polyvagal theory is untenable, to talk with me and he so kindly and so generously agreed to come on and share his perspective not only about the science, but about this whole conversation, where it's coming from. Cuz it didn't just start this year. This is a conversation that's been going on for quite a while. Dr. Grossman has an extensive resume. So, let me just share a couple of highlights with you. He's a psychologist and a psychophysiologist with four decades of research on cardiorespiratory autonomic physiology. He served as the research director at the Lone Cardiovascular Research Institute at Harvard. And as the research director at the University of Basel Hospital in Switzerland. He's also the director for the European Center for Mindfulness in Freiburg, Germany. And that really matters because he is someone who honors and validates that mind-body connection that you and I know, we observe, we see it every day. So, he's not here to tell us that our work doesn't work. He's here to share what the science is actually showing so that we can move forward as practitioners with a better understanding and hopefully be more effective and more able to support and help our clients. All right. So, without further ado, let's get into it. Dr. Grossman, welcome. Thank you so much for being here and talking with us. Well, thanks very much for having me, too. Um and I I read uh your your Substack uh piece and I found it very brave. Um a brave thing to write at uh at at this particular point in time. Well, thank you. That means a lot coming from you and I appreciate it. And I am looking forward to talking with you further because I think that there's a lot of information that would be helpful for us as practitioners and clinicians about really understanding the science of polyvagal theory, why we need to understand the science of polyvagal theory, or what isn't polyvagal theory, um and and why it's important for us to understand what you wrote in the article that you and your co-authors uh put out about the science. Why that's helpful for us as practitioners. So, um I'll do my best. Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure that you'll be able to shed some light on it. Uh let's just jump in and tell me a little bit about your background and how you came to study the autonomic nervous system. So, what what brought you into this? Well, as you know, I um I did my PhD in psychology and developmental psychology and psychobiology. Um and that was a long time ago. That was I think I did my PhD in I finished my PhD in about 1980 and then um uh I immediately was interested in the in the relationships between cardiovascular function and respiratory function, how breathing and and heart went together or go together. And um um and I to um came upon this this this phenomenon respiratory sinus arrhythmia, RSA, as it's called often called these days. And that that phenomenon fascinated me because it was exactly what I was interested in. It was coordination of breathing and heart rate. And and I pursued that um area for yeah, for the last long time, 40, 45 years, basically. And it it it went from just this interest in in in terms of connections between the breath and the heart to the autonomic nervous system. And and um and early on um respiratory sinus arrhythmia was lighted upon as a as a measure of or an index of of of cardiac parasympathetic control of of heart rate. And Can you just, because I know there's going to be a lot of people watching this who may not know what that means. Can you define that? You said it was Say say it again. Respiratory Respiratory sinus arrhythmia. Do you want me to Do you want me to describe Yeah, just just give us the layman's the layman's version of what that is. It's very actually it's a very simple phenomenon, especially for for people uh your age or a bit older or certainly a bit younger. Uh you know, if you take your if you take your pulse and you um uh hear your feel your heartbeat um and you breathe very slowly in and out, you'll notice that there's a speeding of the heart during during inspiration and a slowing of the heart during expiration. That's the heart rate variation or heart rate variability that's associated with breathing. And that's called respiratory sinus arrhythmia. Uh it's it's basically >> What was it about What was it about that that was interesting to you? Like why did that pique your curiosity and become something you wanted to study? Well, primarily early on because um because it seemed to be also related to the parasympathetic nervous system and vagal control of the heart. The parasympathetic nervous system is um is one of the two branches of the autonomic nervous system and um the the 10th cranial nerve, there are a bunch of cranial nerves, but the 10th cranial nerve is the only one that kind of goes lower than the neck and jaw and and down to down to all the organs of the body. And there was an article in 1975, I I think, by Katona and G. And they used dogs to to estimate vagal control of heart rate um uh at at different levels of vagal control. They, you know, they did a uh uh invasive experiment where they could look at whether whether respiratory sinus arrhythmia increased as as vagal control of the heart increased and decreased as vagal control of the heart decreased. Um and that that that was I wasn't the only one who who who became fascinated by that possibility and then I developed all sorts of hypotheses that uh very often turned out not to be true. And I had to adjust adjust my my science accordingly. And and I and I was critically interested in in at at that time uh in in the world of psychophysiology, the world of uh of you know, academic researchers, scientific researchers, who were interested in relationships between between body and mind and particularly between the heart and and psychological functioning. Um all the pretty much all the research was was focused on the sympathetic nervous system. So, I thought, "Aha, we can there's all this this whole other branch. Let's explore that." And that's kind of what I've been doing at least with part of my professional life for the last 45 years. Kind of obsession actually. So you've been at this for quite a while. I've been at at this for quite a while, yeah. Okay, and so >> gives you an idea of of of what respiratory sound is with me is. It's a Yeah, and I think I think we can delve into that a little bit more as we go. Um before we do that though, I'm curious how you first encountered polyvagal theory and what prompted you to delve into the science behind it a little bit more cuz it sounds like it's adjacent to the work that you were already doing. It definitely was You know, there were very few people who were really interested in in the parasympathetic branch of the nervous system in the '80s and and Steve Porges was was one of them and um and and of course I I I kept up with with his work and and he kept up with mine and um and and uh I was I was actually at the you know, the uh the annual conference of of psychophysiologist when he presented the polyvagal theory. And that's when I first became kind of skeptical of it, but that's another aspect. We'll we'll delve into that a little bit. I'm also curious, why do you think no one was looking at the parasympathetic nervous system? Like what what was it about the sympathetic nervous system that seemed important and people were disregarding the parasympathetic nervous system? Well, I think that you know, the sympathetic nervous system has been long attributed to kind of stress-related responses and and fight or flight. It's not also also not completely accurate, but the um um but I I think um psychophysiologist were interested in particularly in stress responses, the negative responses as as so much of psychology is interested in what what happens when things go wrong as opposed to when things go right. I you know, it's not a is is not an orientation that that is always desirable, but that's that's historically been been been the way the way things go. Okay, so they were trying to figure out what was causing the symptoms that were problematic without really looking at the balance between parasympathetic and sympathetic. Is that accurate? That's that's that's relatively that's accurate and they thought that the heart rate increases were predominantly sympathetic in nature and in many in many cases they are um but um but that's kind of shifted the the orientation away from from the other branch. I mean, you know, it's a lot to study to to to to really figure out what's going on in in both sympathetic sympathetic and parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system and then to link it up to behavior and to link it up to to higher brain function. It's it's it's a it's it's there's a lot of there's a lot of uh a lot of things to to to consider. Right, and it sounds like a very holistic approach where you're really looking at sort of the I guess the physiological underpinnings of behavior. Is that a good summation? Physiological underpinnings or maybe correlates of behavior. Maybe you know, we don't it's hard to know what causes what sometimes too, but um but definitely trying to trying to latch on to you know, how do how do how does our body seem to function under different behavioral conditions. That was the that was that was the orientation of of and still is the orientation and of psychophysiology. Sometimes you know, people confuse association, correlation and causation. This also been a problem in but in in psychophysiology, but I think that's beyond the scope of our discussion today. I I would be interested, but yeah, probably more than than we're really looking into today. Um so you you wrote a paper, which is why we're having this conversation and you had 39 co-authors that were at institutions around the world and I'm curious how that paper came together. So how how did you go about selecting the contributors and what started all of this? Can I can I give you a little history to that, too? Yeah, absolutely. A couple of years ago a group of of renowned physiologist published a paper in in nature um reviews and in the process of of um of preparing the paper I was delighted that they invited me to to also participate. I hadn't expected that. But you know, it was came out of the blue for me, but I got a got an invitation to be a co-author. And and um as as the the first psychologist and there was one other psychologist that joined in later. And I watched that the process evolve over over time and it was a very smooth process. It was about respiratory sinus arrhythmia of the paper and um um about certain critical issues that that also ran counter polyvagal theory, but it never really named polyvagal theory in the paper itself. then um uh this but after our paper was published, I I I read um a new review of polyvagal theory by Steve Porges and and I um it was published in in the same journal that we published our paper in and I thought, well I I I had I still had some problems with the polyvagal theory. uh They problems continued and with his his depiction of physiology of the the actual physiology underlying that and um um and I published several papers already in 2007, two papers with with uh with with a well well-known uh evolutionary physiologist and and also with with with a couple of really well-known psychologists. But basically I've been more or less solo, the kind of the Lone Ranger in this in this whole issue of of critique of of the polyvagal theory. And after the nature neuroscience publication, I got the idea to I could I you know, maybe I could do that again. I could I you know, I could replicate the the process. And um and instead of being the the the sole author of a of a critical another critical comment on the on the polyvagal theory that that by enlisting the co- other people or inviting them to to to collaborate on a new publication that was that was a critical evaluation of of the polyvagal theory but also focused on this particular article from by by Steve Porges that was in his in a critique of his own words in that that that it would may have much more impact. um and and and surely it has. So so what I did is I I started to invite all the all the most the the the highest caliber most respected physiologist of the autonomic nervous system and related evolution scholars and um and I had I didn't really know what to expect. I thought maybe some of them would go along with a with the ride um and some of them wouldn't, but I invited of the most renowned physiologist. I didn't you know, I wasn't looking for people who were pro or contra polyvagal theory. I just wanted the the the creme de la creme. And um and surprisingly I got them all. They they only one um who I who I didn't >> [clears throat] >> um who who turned down the offer still on the basis of what I sent him and what I sent to everyone else said, well, you're you know, I don't have the time, but you're but I think you're absolutely right. So 39 out of 39. And what I did is I >> And and so so just to recap, oh go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah. What what I what I did is I I I sent everyone an invitation to participate in this as co-authors as authors. I sent them a very rough draft first draft that I had written of my own critique of of of polyvagal theory and of this this this focus upon focusing upon the the the words of of Steve Porges and made it very clear that that this was a just a first draft and it was it was this was a collaborative effort. And then I also sent him the the the article from from Steve Porges that that had been published as well. And so on that basis they they pretty much all decided to to to to join the ride basically. Okay. So you you weren't looking for people who were going to agree with you as you said. You were looking for people to chime in with their expertise. I was I was looking for for the experts. I didn't care if they agreed with me or not. I figured from my you know from my long career in the area in in the area of autonomic neuroscience and and parasympathetic nervous system and my also my relatively consistent and long collaborations with with with physiologists in Holland and in in the United States and in in um Germany. You know, very various countries. I I figured that probably most of them would agree with me. Uh would agree with with what I was saying cuz I was just living off of the my knowledge of of the physi- of physiology which was it seemed to be very much at odds with what many psychologists were thinking at the time. I didn't I but I definitely I definitely didn't didn't um uh cherry-pick any any I mean these are these these people are really the top people in this field. All you have to do is do a do a Google um scholar search or or um um look in PubMed and you'll you'll see that that's that's just the way it is. Right. So they have published research that's peer-reviewed. They've been doing this for a long time. It's not only that but they're you know like presidents of the International Autonomic Nervous System Association. They organize things. They're they're they're they're really the the top people in the field. No doubt about it. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. And I know that some of your co-authors had had research that was cited by Porges as supporting polyvagal theory and that came up in your paper. Can you speak to that a little bit? Let's see how how I Yeah, I can I can speak to it. Uh there there were several of my co-authors that were cited in in in the Porges original paper and also in his recent reply or or response to to our paper. And of course I conferred with them to to make sure that my judgment was correct. But but all of them said that they were misrepresented by by um uh by Porges as if they supported the polyvagal theory when they did not. And and to my surprise he he he did this he did did the same thing with with uh uh with with the reply that he just wrote. Uh so that's you know um very often the articles that they cite have nothing to do with with his points at all. And they're just totally totally addressing other issues. Right. >> So I so I was you know so I I think that's a a valuable thing to to bring up if you're if you're you know if you're um going to rely on the the um publications of seminal uh the seminal publications of of certain physiologists I think it's it's imperative that um that you really um you you really present the um their arguments that that are in support and not not just refer to them briefly as as supporting the the paper the the tenants of polyvagal theory or any other theory that you're you're writing about. Right. And so to sum it up he's saying there's research that supports my theory and the people who did the research are saying well actually that's not like the way you're interpreting this is not what the research shows. And these are not grad students or early career researchers who might not fully understand depth of their work, right? Like these people are preeminent researchers in leaders in the field. Yeah, I mean one of them is is um uh Mike Spyer, K. M. Spyer. He's he's been in this he's been in this field for for 60 years. And and he's one of the the the most knowledgeable, most accomplished, most well-respected people in the field. And and all and the other people as well. The other the other few people. I'm talking about three or four people at this at the And so also this is not or at least it doesn't sound to me like this is a case of people because this does happen, right? Where you've got people in a field and they're they say well this is the way it is and then something new comes along and people will dig in their heels and refuse to look at new evidence. But this is not that right like this is actual research that is being interpreted in one way and they're saying no that's a misinterpretation of the work that I've done. Exactly. >> Okay. I think that's important. I think you know I think it's certainly I'm not you know all these people um uh are um doing research that's very peripheral to to psychology. And they would just like um the psychologists to get it right when it comes to understanding the physiology. That's why they joined um joined forces with with me with this with this with this paper that co-authored that we and they took the time to to to work on the paper and to improve it greatly. Um So so I think they were they're very happy to have this opportunity but it's not something that they would ordinarily seek out by themselves. So they don't have any kind of conflicts or or um um or uh uh it's um you know how do you say it's um fights to to to begin with with with psychologists. They're they're really outside of the psychological framework. But but uh um but they don't like to have their ideas distorted either. Mhm. Right. And and so they I assume felt it was important because there was erroneous information being put out and they wanted to correct the record. That's it. I mean they're they're you know they're we're talking about a certain knowledge base that's really well accepted throughout autonomic physiology. Um you know, they have their differences about things but not about these things. It was incredibly easy for for these 30 38 um physiologists and evolution specialists to you know to to to agree about certain things. There are lots of stuff that they don't agree about but it was not at this at this level. Um And and that to me implies that there is kind of a consensus. We didn't we didn't promote this this um um this piece as a consensus statement because there are certain formal criteria that you have to adhere to. Um Um but you know, that might happen in the future but but now um the we can we can still say that that in general there is a consensus among physiologists, autonomic specialists that that um uh that is clearly in contradiction to the to the tenants of the physi- the physiological tenants of the polyvagal Okay. And so one of the common responses to the paper is that it is misrepresenting polyvagal theory that the critique is of a simplified version rather than the theory that Porges is trying to articulate. So how how do you and your co-authors respond to that? Well, I I this is a critique that I've gotten previously as well from from earlier papers. Um Uh I think my co-authors in 2007 didn't really understand it. I didn't understand this critique either. Um Um in my 2023 paper got got this critique as well. I I didn't really fathom it. But but um because of that I um I and we thought it would be a good idea if if we actually focused on latest overview of the polyvagal theory by Porges and and um used quotes from him from from his from his article as as points that we would that we would disconfirm basically. And that's exactly what we did. So, I still don't really comprehend. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me what he what he's what what his argument is all about. We took I think 17 or 18 quotes from quote quoted statements from provided evidence against them. But you're quoting him verbatim and then addressing his exact words. Right. I mean his exact concepts the concepts that come from the words. I don't think we could have misrepresented his concepts 18 times. And if we didn't understand his concepts, I'm not sure how anybody else would. Um who was who you know who was who was who was less well informed about the autonomic nervous system and uh and and the and the vagus nerve. So, it still doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me to to bring this this this argument and and and additionally, if if if if if um uh if these points were presented in an overview overview kind of a summary of as major points, um it's hard to understand how disconfirming them or or making them untenable, presenting evidence to make that that makes them untenable, uh could be some sort of misrepresentation or or oversimplification of the theory. And and and I yeah, I I'm open for for you know for other arguments in in this regard, but no nobody else really is. And and and and Steve Porges in his reply also doesn't really give give me any any convincing arguments. Right. And in his rebuttal paper, I noted that most of the work cited was his own work. It was very self-referential. It is. And I mean and that's that's one of the I think that's one of the issues that I have with the polyvagal That basic the basic um literature is is um is is is uh is is derived from from either Steve Porges or from Porges and his and his um and and his colleagues or for people from people who who actually assume that the polyvagal tenants are scientifically accurate. and that that kind of creates a a closed chamber that that you know people can can develop their expertise within the polyvagal framework. But if if the framework is is flawed, then then then there's a a huge problem. And I think that's that's what we've been that's what we've been addressing. Yeah. Yeah, you've mentioned that it's a bit like a polyvagal echo chamber. That Yeah, can you can you say more about that cuz your perspective on that is very interesting. Yeah, I think I you know psychologists and therapists and even don't have um a huge amount of experience in in physiology even psychophysiologists. You know, we get our training more or less hands hands-on basically. When we when we decide we want to measure heart rate or heart rate variability or breathing, then we you know we buy a few electrodes and we do it and we read a few things and um and very often it doesn't go much farther. and with psychologists and therapists is even much less. You can't you can't blame them for for not for not knowing about physiology and and uh and or or details of physiology like like what's happening with the vagus nerve. But but they don't really have any kind of any kind of knowledge base so to speak. And then and then a theory comes comes into psychology that seems attractive that holds together fairly well that um that's presented very often in a very confident way as as though the assertions were not were not just hypotheses but but as facts. And then and then people start believing it and then it creates a whole a a whole yeah, reverberation chamber basically of of uh of um polyvagal or vagal doesn't even have there other vagal theories too in in psychology that are equally um tenuous, I think. But but it it creates a situation which um there's a whole industry of of academic industry of vagal researchers in psychology who have limited knowledge themselves that serves as peer reviewers of other other authors who publish in in vagal in the vagal domain and it creates this whole framework where they're you know there are new vagal hypotheses based on uh based on these different vagal theories and um and they you know they bounce they bounce off of each other and and books are written and there are new therapies that that are developed from them and it creates a kind of closed space an insulated uh bubble that's you know that's very very hard to to break if you're if out if you're especially if you're a psychologist that's outside that bubble you know like me. Um So, for years I you know I I published my stuff and um and I never really could break through the bubble. And now I think with you know with having all these experts the the you know there there's there's some uh there's some some few holes in the bubble anyhow. So, some something else is coming in. And so I mean I'm a practitioner, right? I have worked with people one-on-one. I work with groups now. I have grounded my work in polyvagal theory. Obviously, I'm making a pivot because I'm understanding that okay, the science is clear. Like this is not as you know this isn't what I thought it was. So, I'm going to expand my um learning and seek new explanations. But why is that important for us to do? And this is a question I ask because I get from a lot of practitioners and clinicians as a response to the article that I wrote, well, if the work works, then what's the harm in teaching polyvagal theory or using polyvagal theory as a framework when we're working with our clients even if it's not right. Well, I think I think there there are different issues. First of all, I think it if you're if you're claiming that you're working from a scientific basis and you're presenting scientific you you're presenting concepts or explanations um uh to to patients and vulnerable people um that are inaccurate, then I think there's an ethical problem there just just just inherently. So, you you shouldn't be dishonest to your patients. I I don't think that's a good idea. I don't think it's also I don't think it's a good idea not only not only in terms of the ethics involved, but I think it's a not a good idea because of the harm it could conceivably do. For instance, let's let's say the you know the New York Times or the uh the New Yorker or here in where I am in Holland the local newspapers begin to get interest in this topic and they say, well, you know polyvagal theory has been debunked. Uh this already happened with the American the the Australian Medical Association in an interview that I gave 2 weeks ago. And and let's say you're a patient and you've gone through this polyvagal theory and you thought well, it did you some polyvagal informed therapy. I um and it you thought it did you some good. But then you find out that the the theory has been debunked. And that could have a very negative uh [clears throat] adverse effect upon the the therapy that you've gone through. Um so there's there's Why? Why why why would that have an adverse effect? >> think you know if you if you begin to think, oh well, then it's all nonsense. Then we'll see you know where am I with this all? I think um uh you you begin to doubt whether you know whether the um the therapy really really might have worked or not, especially if if you're not totally in in another space than you were before. Uh which is, you know, very often the case with with people who go through therapy. They don't get Usually it's not a matter of of feeling cured, it's a matter of adjusting better to to to life. And then you you find that that, you know, somehow you've been your explanation is is is inaccurate. It's it's it's totally is is totally um um one that that could it could make me feel fooled anyhow and make me doubt a doubt about this this this the theory and the and the treatment and um I I don't think that's going to have a positive effect anyhow. And then there is, you know, there are other elements of you know, telling people that that um their their nervous system works in a certain way that it doesn't work. It's it creates a it creates a the idea of that I hear all the time in in in um among clinicians is that the polyvagal theory provides people with a with understanding that brings body and mind closer together. And and I I think if if this theory is a mental fiction then then you're not bringing body and mind closer together, you're bringing them bring bring the two farther apart. And and then there there's a whole issue of um the the different the different um practical and theoretical aspects of the of of of treat of the treatment and and what's been told about your your trauma for instance that's that um that during uh during dissociation or or emotional freezing that you have incredible bradycardia. You have your heart rate slows down so that it could be um potentially lethal. And when that's that's seems to be a fiction from based on all the evidence that we have. And you you could one I can imagine or one could imagine that that that could create also a certain level of distress and fear for people when they're in in um a a a an emotional freezing situation or when they're dissociating. That's also not very very helpful for uh for for their healing. Um So I think, you know, there are there are there various aspects of why you you wouldn't want to provide that information to to to to patients or to clients. why not provide other information that's accurate? You know, that um that seems to be a much more sensible way of of doing things. It's not like we know nothing about about these these these phases or states of of trauma that are that are represented in polyvagal theory. We know quite a lot and there's quite a lot of scientific evidence that that indicates what really is happening. Um why not you know, why not rest upon that? It might be more complicated but but you can still simplify it to to the extent that that patients and therapists can understand it. Right. I think too from a clinical standpoint So I've been through this a little bit because I started with hands-on bodywork and the explanations given for how that work was working were inaccurate. And as I began to understand that and began to look for alternate explanations I found myself feeling more confident in my work and the work itself changed. It became more humane in my opinion because what I had studied is called Rolfing and many many years ago Rolfing was a very aggressive type of bodywork. And as we have come to understand that we're not actually like ripping apart fascial adhesions and that there is some sensory component there the work has shifted. It's it's become more you know, enjoyable both for the practitioner and the client and and I think more effective. At least I found it to be more effective. Um you know, nothing's effective for every single person, but I felt like I could help more people more reliably when I actually had a more accurate understanding of the processes at play and I don't yet know what that looks like for letting go of polyvagal theory in in this work, but I do think that something will shift. At least that's my hope. I think I think things things can can shift. I think there are explanations that that are uh plausible and um that can inform people in their in their lived experiences. There you know, there there's also a huge amount of variation of physiology physiological um responses from one person to the other and we can only present a kind of global picture of of the you know, the average response during uh during a traumatic event. We don't have the the individual data that that allows us to see how different the responses can be. Uh but but uh but for those of people who really would like to have that physiological explanation, I think I think there there there is there is adequate um science here to provide them a reasonable explanation. what what I do see as a a kind of yeah, a benefit from from polyvagal theory and and from from other theories is they they do acknowledge the fact that that these physiological events do happen, you know, that that uh that vagal dorsal vagal shutdown is really a shutdown that is physiological. It's not dorsal vagal, but there's something physiologically happening and that's that's that kind of acknowledgement for patients can be very can be very helpful that they're they're not just totally in their heads and it's it's a it's a a a psychological problem that they have, but there is something physical going on. Okay. But it's it's kind of relabeling those those uh those physical events that that's important. And and on the the other hand, you know, all the other stuff in in in in polyvagal informed um psychotherapy is is largely largely comes from much earlier research. Yeah. Um uh from you know, Maslow's hierarchy of human needs in 1943 or from John Bowlby's work on attachment in in in 19 in the 1960s that very very much influenced me in the those times and and later on as well. Um and and you know, then there are you know, things that have been attached on to to to the polyvagal theory like mindfulness. That's you know, this this been around for millennia. Right. >> And yoga also. So there you know, there they there the the superstructure the psychological structure of these of these treatments very often have very very has very little to do with the labels that people give for the for what's happening physiologically. I think it could be easily adapted in fact. And and I'm I'm I'm I'm writing a couple of papers with a couple of different people that to to approach like what now basically. How to how to >> forward to that discussion. Yeah, I'm not sure how successful they will be, but we'll do our best. Yes. Yeah. Well, and I'd love to chat a little bit about um the science. So we mentioned early on respiratory sinus arrhythmia and what that is. So and my understanding is that that is the uh synchrony between breathing and heart rate in very very simple layman's terms. Is that a good >> Yeah, that's it's that's it's heart rate gets faster during inspiration, slows down during expiration and it's basically the the difference between heart rate during inspiration, heart rate during Right. It's it's just that simple. And and so what significance like what does that tell us and what does it not tell us? And also I'm curious, what is the relationship between respiratory sinus arrhythmia and what so many people have come to know as heart rate variability or HRV. Okay, H heart rate variability is is um a a general term that that um has to do with all the different kind of rhythmic and non-rhythmic variations that happen in heart rate. Um um over course of a period of time. So, you know, there are there are rhythms that are much slower than than breathing. Um every 30 seconds, every minutes, or diurnal rhythms, or um uh there are uh probably monthly rhythms that that that you can that you can um track to. Respiratory sinus arrhythmia is one form of heart rate variability. It's actually um in in our nature paper, we we um we make the the the plea for changing the name of respiratory sinus arrhythmia to respiratory heart rate variability. It's it's a change in heart rates that occurs during inspiration and expiration from one breath to another. And and um that change really has something to do with with with some aspect of vagal control. It's not the vagal control over average heart rate during a period of time. It's the average It's the It's the It depicts the the changes that happen from breath to breath. This you have average heart rate, which is like the the depth of of of a lake. And then you have the wind blowing, and the the there's some there's some there's some um waves that that that happen in the lake. Where the That's the waves. These are the the waves on the lake, so to speak. Okay. >> Um and those waves are are are made by by um or influenced by the the vagus nerve. that means that that that certain neurons in the in in the brainstem that are responsible for this coordination between breathing and heart rate um are responsible for for for the for these for these changes in in in that we characterize as respiratory sinus arrhythmia. I don't know how clear that was, but uh um So so It It sounds It sounds like it's more complex than our smartwatches have let us to believe. Can I Let me just let me just make another analogy. >> Sure. Yeah. Um but and we'll get to the smartwatch. I I think um And to the back in the '60s, there was a paper about gating of the vagus to the heart. And What do you mean by gating? What do you mean by gating? Like there's a gate. Uh-huh. A gate that opens and closes. And the gate opens uh during expiration and closes during inspiration. Okay. And so that's a So that you have during ins- during expiration of heart rate slowing, which means that there's more vagal input to the heart. And and during inspiration, the the gate closes. this opening and and closing of the gate is is is is mediated by certain brain centers in the in the brainstem that are related to breathing, actually. And um but this is but it this is just a very specific um influence on the that's coming from the vagus nerve. The vagus nerve is is a is like a cable that has a hundred thousand plus fibers. And those fibers are connected to to different neurons in the brainstem. And uh those different neur- neurons in the brainstem have different functions. Some of them have have to do with with with heart rate. Some of them have to do with how powerful the heart is is is pumping. How some of it has to do with how how well the heart is being oxygenated. And and you can't really generalize from from what's happening with with with um um the coordination of breathing to the to to any of these other functions. And even less to the the neurons that are related to the to the gut or to the uh to the lungs or to the to the stomach or to other vital organs. So, you know, the vagus is has has many different functions. And this is just the this respiratory sinus arrhythmia is just one. And sometimes um under very strict conditions, it's you can you can say that well, it's a kind of a measure of average vagal control of heart rate. But only under certain conditions. It's not a very good reliable index of average vagal control of heart rate. Like how you know, how much the the um the the vagal nervous system influences um increases or decreases in heart rate during a particular task or particular condition. Okay. All right. >> But in terms of in and Well, go ahead. What do you What do you >> what were you going to say? I'd love to hear. >> No, no, go ahead. What I was going to say so so what is the takeaway for those of us who are looking at HRV as a metric for vagal tone, for autonomic nervous system health, we're referencing our HRV score on our watches. Is this useful? Is it not useful? Does it tell us anything at all? I mean, it's what it tells you is very ambiguous, I think. Um They much of the the heart rate variability on um on smartwatches is is is trying to get at respiratory sinus arrhythmia. Um so they talk about heart rate variability, but I think the very often they're they're attempting to to assess the heart rate variability that's that's coordinated with with respiration. The the So, can I can I ask a quick question there? I- if you're healthy, is your coordination better than if you maybe are like um undergoing you know, if you're suffering from a chronic illness? Do people show impaired synchrony? Like their their respiration and their heart rate don't synchronize as well? Is that It's I mean, this this is a good question. Um It's it's it's it's actually respiratory sinus arrhythmia It doesn't measure the synchrony itself. It measures the the the depth of the waves. Um you know, how you know, how how much heart rate changes from inspiration to expiration. And that is sometimes um um a measure of it somehow is is some is associated with with certain health parameters. That's that's for sure. But, you know, not so strongly, and um and you hit it's as I mentioned before, it's is it it's is is not really a reliable measure of vagal control. We don't We're not even sure that really the the what we're measuring when we're we're when we're relating health-related parameters to health-related measures to to uh to respiratory sinus arrhythmia is a function of the vagus or some other factors. Um function of how well the the heart and the and the lungs seem to get along with each other, to coordinate with each other. And and um um and and has has very little to do with with the vagus per se. And you know, the the the idea that I've have in in in in some of my publications um is that we've been really looking at the wrong place. We should we you know, we we we should go beyond the parasympathetic control, beyond the vagal control, and look at how how the breath coordinates with other rhythms of the body. Such as what? Like what what other rhythms are there that it's coordinating with? Oh, it coordinates with a with with a lot of rhythms. It It coordinates with with with um with with brain function, with lots of different brain functions. It coordinates also with with psychological processes that in a similar way with inspiration and expiration changing your your fine-tuning of of of perception. Um it um the the the breath is is is is an index of of the largest oscillator, largest pump in the body. and it's a vital pump and it's a pump that that changes all the time physiologically. The pump is a pump also that has to adjust to the fact that I've been talking for non-stop for the last 40 minutes to as and um and and it I still have my needs to take in enough oxygen to to to breathe out enough carbon dioxide. And all all the physiological functions of the body are um uh you know, are dependent also upon upon that that that breath. And there are many other physiological functions like like brain waves, like um the circulatory system that have their own rhythms that have to kind of nest their rhythms within the slower rhythm of the breath. Um so my hypothesis, and I don't want to go there to really in in this talk, is is is that um we should be more looking at the the actual physiological function of respiratory sinus arrhythmia rather than um rather than focusing on the on on on its on its ability to give us a an an a marker or an index or measure of vagal activity, which it doesn't do very well. Got it. So to summarize, an HRV measurement we like we don't need to get too concerned if our heart rate variability isn't where we want it to be or if it is not moving in the direction that we want it to be or we've been told that it should be moving in. Yeah, and and if you want to move it in the direction that it is that that is you're being told that you should move it into, all you have to do is breathe slower because you've got more of it. Okay, well that's a good tip. so I I would love to kind of bring it back to polyvagal theory and talk a little bit more about um some of the other pieces that have been put forth by Porges. He argues that it was that the polyvagal theory was never about anatomical exclu- exclusivity. Um and that the components do exist across species, but that mammals uniquely integrated vagal cardiac control, which we've kind of just talked about as maybe we don't we're not talking about that quite right in the context of polyvagal theory. Um with the circuits that are governing facial expression, vocalization, and listening. Um and your co-authors uh are basically the leading experts in this area. So what does the evidence say about that specific aspect of polyvagal theory? I mean the this idea of repurposing the vagus to um you know, to uh subserve mammalian to serve mammalian um you know, social regulation. You know what I'm saying? I I think there's really no evidence for that. There's a lot of evidence against it. Um the you know, the the idea that that um this kind of central coordination doesn't exist in in in other animals is is just not true. That's act that that's one of the mis-citations the misrepresentations that that is made in the original article that we were critical of. So the the one of our authors was was was cited as as as supporting the fact that this was a mammalian phenomenon. And in our article we well, we pointed out that there's um uh there's another article that that uh um from from the same co-author as ours that was not cited that should they that makes the the uh the the claim that that um that this kind of central coordination just above the just above the in the brainstem just above the the the spinal cord in humans is is is something that's found in all vertebrates, you know, from fish to to to to to to humans basically. Uh-huh. and then the the whole argument about the the special um behavioral characteristics and special social regulatory characteristics of of and social behavioral characteristics of of mammals as being um radically different than than non-mammal vertebrates is also not in accord with with evolutionary specialists. So that you know, there's reptiles and fish and birds that they they have very very complex um social behaviors. They're not kind of passive um defensive creatures that you know, that uh that sit on a on a rock and um and just look for their prey or or or defend themselves against a against um another an another predator for instance. And they have you know, there's a lot of complexity in social behavior in in non-mammals. And and even you know, even the the arguments that some of the other cervical nerves of the of the vagus serve serve communication or um mouth movements. Um they it's you you have of course fish don't fish and and reptiles don't speak, but but the the same cervical nerve uh nerves uh appear to to uh influence or contribute to to jaw behavior to tongue behavior in in those animals as well. So there doesn't seem to be any kind of special um developments that the you know, the the best guess is that any differences between between mammals and and uh and reptiles and fish um in uh has to do more with the fact that that um um that mammals went from more or less aquatic environments to terrestrial environments and there had to be certain kinds of adjustments made that that made their respiratory cardiovascular interactions a little bit different, just a little bit different than the other animals. So there doesn't seem to be much basis for for um for this this idea of repurposing. There doesn't There's certainly not not been any proof over over the last three decades of of it happening and it it seems to be a uh to my colleagues a a very fatuous um idea. Right. Okay, so essentially we we can't say there's no evidence that mammals have integrated our wiring, so to speak, differently than other, you know, reptiles and fish that have basically the same wiring and also display social behaviors that are, you know, unique to those species, but you know, seem to be their version of what we do as mammals. Yeah, I think that's I think that's a good assessment without getting into the complicated aspects of it. But I mean I I also think it's necessary to say that the evolutionary biologists said said um um that I've worked with and that I know make their and make make that as their case um in in this paper their papers in 2000 2022 in biological psychology and uh my paper was with uh with E.W. Taylor in 2007. And these are the these are the foremost figures in in the actually like pioneers of of uh of the of evolutionary biology of the autonomic nervous system in the in the vagus. They they they don't buy this at all and um and and they certainly know the difference between structure and function, which is another article another aspect that Porges criticizes. If if evolutionary biologists and and and neuroanatomists don't know that know that to make can't distinguish between structure and function, then I think we would have something very very problematic with with with with the whole area of of evolutionary biology. Well, and that comes back to the assertion that the critique is addressing um this is some sort of a different constructed version of I think he calls it a synthetic version in his rebuttal of polyvagal theory and as I was reading Porges's response, there was a lot of um what seemed to me assertion that the critique was looking at a mechanistic version of polyvagal theory, whereas polyvagal theory is a functional theory, which you know, I'm I'm just a practitioner. But to me, I was like, well, it actually my understanding is that polyvagal theory was seeking to explain the mechanism behind the clinical states that we observe in our clients. So, that seemed very murky to me, but it seems like what you're talking about here kind of addresses I I think I mean, I have um you know, I found it also murky and and um and my co-authors who I who I sent the the Porges uh uh reply to when um after our article was published, they they also had trouble understanding what what um what Porges was getting at and um um either trouble understanding it or or definitely didn't agree with it. Um but they they also said, "Let's move on." Basically. Yeah, and in terms of that, your paper's final conclusion states that the psychological observations associated with polyvagal theory, the states of safety and threat and shutdown, as you've mentioned, are real um and that they they predate polyvagal theory and they don't require polyvagal theory, they stand on their own. So, can you uh can you tell us for those of us who are observing these states in our clients and we're coming to the realization that polyvagal theory is not giving us a framework for understanding the processes behind it, where where do we go from here? What do we look at next? Where where should we focus our attention to help us to ground our work in actual neuroscience and be effective, well-educated practitioners? Well, you there is there is a there is a whole literature on on trauma and these different phases of trauma or states of this this is not something that that was invented by Paul or or discovered by polyvagal theory. And there are, you know, very reputable researchers like Karen Rudolph in in in um in the Netherlands and um um Frank Will Wilhelm in in um in Austria that have been doing research on this stuff for a long time on emotional freezing, on on uh dissociation, they have very refined kinds of hypotheses that seem plausible and that it's certainly within the boundaries of of of scientific plausibility. and and I you know, I think I guess maybe I'm you know, old-fashioned, but I but I think that I'm old fashioned, but but I think but I I think um if if a if a therapist or a psychologist really wants to know something about or present something about uh about the the physiology, they they you know, they ought to take a you know, a few uh you know, a few weeks or a few months off or maybe not even off, but um they should take some time and read some papers and examine what what the the science has to offer. And of course, if we write our paper, we'll we'll suggest that anyhow and probably you can present some sort of backbone, but I don't want people just to believe me. Uh you know, I want them to to to take a look and to evaluate from for themselves what um what the the status of my arguments are. And and um uh that And and there there are litera- there's literature out there. I'd be, you know, glad to come up with with some you know, with a list of papers if if if um if that would be helpful to to your readers or or to you. Um Yeah. And and uh I I know I would appreciate it. I I'm sure there's a few others out there who would as well. So, um does that answer your question or is it Yeah, it does. I I think that I'm looking forward to reading the paper. I I do hope you put out that paper because I would like to read it. I'm looking forward to delving into other areas of research that help to understand this. Are there any particular um theories or bodies of work that you feel are really well-grounded or is it just a matter of kind of looking at the science that's out there and piecing it together on our own? You mean in terms of neuroscience? I think I think it's I think it's um I think it's a big challenge to to put together neuroscience and and and psychotherapy. I I you know, judging from my now considerable experience with recent and also past with with physiologists, there's a lot that the physiologists don't know. There's a lot that they do know, but there's also a lot that they don't know. and it's hard to navigate through the complexities of of of physiology to come up with a um um anything but a a very very global overview of of how body and mind go together. It's you know, it's really a complicated thing. You have Yeah, you have your brain. Uh you have your your your cortex and you have your middle brain and then you have your brainstem where where the autonomic nervous system is operating from. And then you have the um the sympathetic and parasympathetic nerves and and and they go down, they send send their information down to to the heart, but on the heart there's another little brain. It's called you know, the they're sometimes referred to the little brain of the heart with with all sorts of neurons scattered around the brain that either accept what's what's coming down or say, "Hey, wait. We don't want to accept that. We we're going to block you." Right, you know, right you know, we you we're sending you're sending us information down to you're sending us um us uh juice down to to to slow our heart. We're not going to we're going to ignore that right at the right before uh the final syn- synapse to the heart. So, you have all these all these very complicated complicated things. Not not to mention with the vagus nerves that 80% of the hundred thousand plus um fibers are not going down to to give orders to the different organs, but are coming up to give information to the to sending up to the first to the brainstem and then up to the middle middle brain and the the the cortex and and and then kind of contributing to the next level of response to keep the the the allostasis or homeostasis in in in in bounds. What is the significance of that? So, this is some this is a fact that I'm aware of and uh find interesting as a body-centered practitioner that there is so much information going from the body to the brain via the vagus nerve. Um and previously that segued well with my understanding of polyvagal theory. I'm curious what significance that has when divorced from polyvagal theory. What can we infer from that about the importance of information in the body and our ability to influence it? I mean, it's hugely important, I think. and and [clears throat] I'm I'm the last one to say that the the you know, the vagus nerve is unimportant. Um um but it's a conduction system primarily. I think in the last 15 years this this area of interoception um has has really taken off in in in physiology. And uh but it's also very new area. And you know, we it it also has its complications because you know, the just for the same reason that that you can't you can't talk about a general interception taking place that there that some of the neurons that are sending information back up are very specific to certain to certain kinds of functions in the body. So so it may be, you know, how how forceful your heart is beating if we stick with the heart or or how much blood supply is coming to the to the heart muscle or how rhythmic the heart rate is or you know, how well coordinated heart rate is with breathing or how well coordinated heart rate is with blood pressure control. It's complicated. Um I think it's in an early phase. I think it's very interesting and I think um you could probably draw you know, also global kinds of inferences from from the literature that's available, but it's all very new stuff. And and in in fact, I often think the unless unless people unless patients are therapists are particularly interested in in physiology, they they might do well to you know, really focus on on the on on the psychological interventions or behavioral interventions and and and leave the physiological explanations to to um maybe not completely out, but but you know, tone them down a little bit to to to really reinforce what the what we really don't know as well as do know about about the about physiology. So you have a psychologist here who's who's telling the therapist to to to stay with their lived experience, you know, if your heart if if if you know, if your heart is is is it feels like it's like it's bursting then notice that burst and notice what you can do to relieve that burst and you can you can begin to explain that bursting by by something autonomically happening but you you never can be sure and and um or rarely be sure and and the same the same guy we don't feel our vagus you know, we we we we feel our hearts something sometimes we feel um pain, we feel um nausea or or uncomfortable feelings in our gut or in our stomach, we have muscle tension, we we sweat that's what that's what we feel. We know you know, we know that it has something to do with with the autonomic nervous system control but but we don't know very much and so why not why not stick to what we do know and as opposed to especially for clinicians rather than than just generating series that are are not very helpful for anybody and then also not not helpful for the credibility of the therapy. Let's say you you know, you're doing a you have a you're really very effective with your therapy, but you're you're you're you're you're claiming that the the certain things are happening physiologically because you you want to you you think that's going to create greater credibility, but then the scientists come the real scientists of the of of the physiological world. They come say that's nonsense. Then so you then you really throw out the baby with the bathwater. You have a you have a a good a good therapy, a good treatment. Patients are really getting better but but you're you're discounted because because because you attach yourself on to to an erroneous scientific framework. Yeah, I think that's where there's a lot of tension for practitioners because there is the question of how does it work that comes up a lot. Clients ask it, other practitioners ask it when you're trying to explain your work to other practitioners who may refer to you or you know, want to learn what you're doing. There's always the question of how does it work and it's it's not all that acceptable to say I don't know. But I think that's what it comes down to is I have ideas I'm inferring some things from what I know about neuroscience, but I don't really know exactly how things work. I don't you know, the neuroscientists often don't really know how things work either really. I mean Who does? Is there anyone who does? I mean they have they have you know, they have some some inkling and they they're researching it and they're going you know, they're trying to accumulate a base of knowledge but but um but things are still not you know, still things are still not so clarified but when I talk when I talk to to my autonomic colleagues of late they they you know, they tell me it's it's incredibly difficult to to explain things. They they there's a whole there's a whole area of of vagal stimulation that's that's in in medicine not just the you know, the the kind of exercises that are supposed to simulate the vagus that are that are um in in pop vagal psychology but but you know, they stimulate the vagus, but they don't know really what they're stimulating because they're there is an electrical stimulation that that goes across a certain area of the vagus um um they're not stimulating the whole vagus. They're stimulating certain fibers, but they have no idea which fibers they're stimulating and and and that's that's con confounded by um by the fact that according to this one well renowned autonomic physiologist with whom I talked he's confounded by the fact that the the the architecture of the vagus nerve as as it's going down is very individual. It's like a fingerprint. You know, the the there's it's not the the fibers are neatly packed and going down and like like a like if you had a cable of of wires for instance that they're all straight and going down. They're all intermingling with each other and you don't know which which um which um fibers are sending information up and so and which are sending information down and you know, he's he mentioned I I guess I can quote him. He said it's a nightmare. So here within that pers you know, within a realistic perspective you can still talk about the autonomic nervous system and what it's doing and what likely is happening but we we we really have no we definitely don't have the level of of knowledge to to um to expound a very very detailed analysis of what's happening with with with with somebody when they have a panic attack or when they have a when they have a pain someplace and um we have ideas and they're plausible ideas and you can offer those plausible ideas but you here it it doesn't seem really legitimate or ethical to to present um explanations when you don't really have them or when you don't you you don't know enough to to be able to to say it is that way. This and this is just fascinating. I feel like I could talk to you forever and ask all these really cool questions. I didn't know that about the vagus nerve. It makes complete sense to me that it would be unique to each individual that that's incredibly interesting that we all have our own signature pattern in our in our vagus nerve. It's really cool. Yeah, I thought so, too. Even even if it's a nightmare. Right. Yeah, it doesn't really help us at all, but it is really interesting and cool. So is there any other like any final thoughts on this paper that you put out or any final words that you'd like to leave us with that you think we should know or anything we haven't touched on that you feel is important? I I guess I would like to make a plea to to the the people who are in in invested and involved in in in polyvagal theory and to let them know I'm you know, I'm not I'm you know, I and my colleagues are not on some sort of um vicious trajectory of of of attacking Steve Porges or the polyvagal theory or any other theory um it's not our that's not our aim. We're we're really just interested in scientific integrity. And um and I would you know ask them to also consider that. They consider that possibility, you know, that that that I'm I'm not on on some sort of uh negativistic attack. I mean, I have also interesting positive ideas that I have that that um that kind of get weeded out in in this discussion of the polyvagal because I think it is so actually so unhelpful and is um it it it polyvagal theory. um it takes takes people down the wrong the wrong path. And so that's that's one aspect. And then the other aspect I I would plead to them is is if even if they're, you know, highly invested even financially or professionally invested, you know, think about, you know, maybe modifying some aspects of it so that that that um their ideas and their interpretations and even the name so that so that they can they can speak the truth um to to their patients and to themselves. And and that that I think, you know, that's what I so admired by by your um uh your article Substack that you're you're willing to to go out there and say, "Well, maybe it's not that way." And I think I'm going to you know, I'm going to take the take these these 39 [snorts] experts or 38 experts plus their messenger uh seriously and and um I have a little expertise too, but not like these guys. um take take their message seriously and reconsider what what I'm doing. I think this I think there's a brave act, but but it's also it's also very uh I think in the end it's a very um nourishing because by you know, you a- acknowledging that you've you've you've been that you've had the wrong hypothesis, it opens up things. It doesn't just close things down. It opens up other other worlds and it's it's a fascinating basis for for further curiosity. So that's that's basically what I have to say. Thanks. I think that's a beautiful message and I think it's an important one. And I hope that I will see more practitioners um opening up to a broader understanding and living a little bit more in the question but knowing and being okay with not really having a complete explanation for the things we observe. Well, thank you very much for having me and and it was a delightful conversation with you, too. Well, thank you. I really appreciate your time. I really enjoyed this. I feel like I learned some things. Um I have all kinds of new curiosities and I'm grateful that you are willing to do this work and speak to us and help us to understand um you know, what the reality of the science is. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you so much for watching. I appreciate you taking the time. I hope this was helpful for you. I hope that you're walking away with more understanding, more comprehension. I know that I am. This was really interesting and educational for me. And hopefully this will allow us collectively as practitioners and as clients on our own personal journeys to move forward with more understanding of what we really truly know, what the science is actually telling us and what still is a bit of a question. I will link to Dr. Grossman's work down below. He has a body of research that you should absolutely check out, so please do. And I will also link to my article and video on the polyvagal theory is untenable paper if you would like to look at those specifically. Please, if you found this helpful, subscribe. It really helps. Leave me a comment. Let me know what came up for you. I love to hear that as well. And I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephengemmell3496 [16 likes]: As a polyvagal-informed practitioner, I understand that this recent recent critique of Polyvagal Theory does not invalidate the idea that vagal activity regulates heart rate and arousal, or that loss of vagal influence allows sympathetic mobilisation. That is a key framework/ teaching for clients that remains. Biological behavioural model (Grossman and Taylor) also appears to support this view. What the critics seem to question is the precise evolutionary story and the strict ventral/dorsal behavioural mapping. For me PVT is still very valid, especially as it is the only vagal model which emphasises the impact of relationships, ie compared to Neurovisceral integration model (Thayer & Lane), BBM, Resonance frequency model (Lehrer) and Vagal tank theory (Laborde). I look forward to reading the 39 experts (38 plus the messenger) critique of these models.
  2. @JustLife-rp4cu [13 likes]: So disappointing Suki, you need to interview Dr Porges and get a thorough evaluation.  Justin Senseri explains this much better: https://youtu.be/nkOeGYIXiRk?si=_YQHakcBNtC8kt4y
  3. @user-ns4xg8rf7g [6 likes]: The tension between Paul Grossman and Stephen Porges is concerning, particularly when it risks creating confusion or undermining approaches that are helping clinicians support vulnerable populations.
Given the impact on those living with complex trauma, there is a strong ethical responsibility across neuroscience, psychology, and behavioral sciences to engage in collaborative, constructive dialogue.
Differences in interpretation should lead to refinement and increased clarity—not polarization that may inadvertently destabilize effective therapeutic practices.
At the clinical level, what remains clear is the importance of a bi-directional understanding of brain and body, and the role of regulation in shaping behavior, learning, and well-being.
A more unified, iterative approach—building on what is working while continuing to strengthen scientific accuracy—best serves both the field and those we are trying to help.
  4. @luccmdfyjo [5 likes]: Some people here seem more interested in defending the theory than actually engaging with the evidence that does exist. At times, it feels less like a scientific discussion and more like defending a father figure they never had. These are comforting ideas I wish they were true. But if he’s truly committed to his theory, then clinical trials and stronger empirical evidence are the way forward.
  5. @user-ns4xg8rf7g [3 likes]: 120:30   Grossman suggested that clinicians rely only on psychological and behavioral interventions because the science of physiological approaches is not yet well understood.
From a practice-based evidence lens, however, “state before strategy” is an observable reality in schools and clinical work.
The brain and body are bi-directional—constantly influencing one another—and regulation directly shapes cognition, behavior, and learning.
As a school clinical counsellor, I witness children in schools experiencing profound distress and hopelessness at very young ages, and the field of complex trauma continues to highlight how early attachment and nervous system development shape long-term well-being.
Somatic and relational approaches, including those informed by Polyvagal Theory, are helping practitioners support this in meaningful ways, even as the science evolves.
It is disappointing to see critiques framed in ways that risk destabilizing these advances, rather than fostering a more unified, collaborative approach that builds on what is working while continuing to refine scientific clarity and accuracy.
  6. @ljmedrano952 [3 likes]: The heart is not a pump!
Dr. Grossman refers to the heart as the "largest pump in the body" (0:59:40-0:59:50).
  7. @tulikbeck4516 [3 likes]: This RSA theory makes 100% sense to me. It will now become the latest add-on to my list of health practices, which includes Stephen Porges’s work also. Don’t throw the baby out with the bathwater!  That’s bad parenting.  Joe Dispenza wrote ‘You Are The Placebo’ and his work does help people heal - on Prime is the documentary ‘SOURCE, It’s Within You’ with UC San Diego which was released in 2024.  All these theories can and often do work together, just like our internal organs do.  Poly Vagal Theory helped lead me to mapping out my personal trauma and played a big role in my own trauma therapy, and it’s helped me understand the impact on my own four children (ages 31 to 47) that I will now resume with family therapy in hopes that we might do some deeper digging and repair work. Peace. 🧘🏻‍♀️
  8. @quinnjacobs8656 [2 likes]: And... you're done with the interviews? You should watch Justin Senseri, He is so articulate and clear... This by far is so disappointing.
  9. @helendunn9905 [1 likes]: The questions I have, have not been started on 38min into thia interview - 
What is the science prese ted bt The Polyvagal Theory?
What is the science that disproves the theory?
What is the research that demonstrates each conflicting idea?
What research is ongoing? 
What research is still needed?
Who are the recommended leaders in the field?
What books are available outside of academia? 
Where can the patient go for accurate information? 
😮
  10. @Orangesky3 [1 likes]: The band wagon is moving to Lisa Feldman Barret Now. But find out more, https://youtu.be/3JqweFgVSQ8?si=Ciia8W-2nRYAW0pr😊
  11. @thrivefix-bwtw: The challenge for me with this critique is that this sounds like the critique is and the theory are not operating in the same frame of reference. This is a problem because the psychologist has done - certainly more subjective research as is the challenge with psychology. The fact is their are still people experiencing relief and we dont understand why. There needs to be a deeper integration between psychology and its biological sciences and should not be so separated. Its a clear design issue in how we organise domains of knowledge
  12. @shebaandrew4409: Thank you for what you do!
  13. @Orangesky3: Some better specifics https://youtu.be/rq0s5nJIu28?si=I6-OSDlSKpICczC6
  14. @migueloliveraangeles: The fact that the polyvagal nerve is similar to a fingerprint, that can work differently for every person, it's the most important statement in the interview and helps understand why the polyvagal theory might be untenable.
  15. @theastrode7219: Thank you for this vid😊
  16. @psykiskhelsenett: People not understanding the theory and then attacking it for something that it doesn't even say, doesn't make the theory less valid. It's like attacking the theory of gravity because it doesn't explain the evolution of hippos. Well, it's kinda not meant to. 

Valid critisism would attack the core of the theory. That's when you need to change the approach according to the data. So far there isn't data there to conclude that the Polyvagal theory is dead, and it certainly isn't in terms of clinical usefulness. 

Please interview Dr. Porges. Senseri does a better job here at explaining this.
  17. @luccmdfyjo: Finally an objective person in a room <3
  18. @luccmdfyjo: wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i saw your marvelous research a couple of years ago and i was impressed by your take. WOW WOW WOW <3
  19. @heidiarmstrong7232: Thank you
  20. @DunOneTwoThree: If you deny feelings, nothing is real.

- Headstuck!  What is Experiential Avoidance?: Kind: captions Language: en This is a story of human motivation. Humans are motivated equally in two directions. To move away from things we don't want and to move towards things we do want. And this is a jolly good idea. It's a particularly good idea for things happening in the external world. But then, humans invented language and we developed words for things, including things happening in our internal world, like thoughts and emotions. And then we applied the same rule. Being clever, we classified difficult feelings like anxiety, doubt, and uncertainty as things to move away from. And emotions like happiness, excitement, and relief as things to move towards. This makes intuitive sense. But, applying the away and towards rule to our internal world leads to problems. Think about something you've done that you're really proud of, like running a marathon or passing an exam. And then think about the early days or moments when you were moving towards this achievement. What were your thoughts and emotions then? The short-term result of moving towards something we really value is usually negative thoughts and uncomfortable emotions. So, our minds tell us to move away, just as if we saw a bear or a moving bus. Then, if we do move away, the first emotion that shows up is relief. So, to summarize, language has encouraged us to try and move away from bad or difficult thoughts and emotions and to move towards good ones. But, this is a trap because it can mean we move away from what matters most to us in life. This is called experiential avoidance. Experiential avoidance can work in the short term, but the problem is it doesn't tend to work in the long term. If we make it a priority to avoid difficult emotions, we start to construct our lives around avoiding things we don't want, rather than moving towards things we do want. So, what do we do about this? In order to beat experiential avoidance, we firstly have to understand what our values really look like. What do we really want from life? Then we need to help people to build their willingness here to experience these difficult thoughts and emotions in order to keep moving towards here. We can't have love without fear of rejection. We can't achieve greatly without fear of failure. And we can't change our lives for the better without worrying that we will change for the worst. There is no way around this. It is the human condition. But we can cultivate the ability to experience difficult thoughts and emotions in the service of what matters most to us. This is called psychological flexibility. Psychological flexibility helps us build a life around towards moves, rather than away moves. Whilst this can hurt, we get to do the things in life that matter most, and this makes a difference.

  Top Comments:
  1. @blakedanielle2000 [141 likes]: Who's here from that Reddit comment
  2. @eline7207 [93 likes]: "If we do move away the first emotion that shows up is"
Me: guilt
"Relief" oh...
  3. @augustogt6281 [8 likes]: Is it really a matter of language though? I feel like most of our experiential avoidance would come from attachment issues, or even from self-states that originally served to protect us (but don't realize the traumatic event is in the past and it is now safe, however unpleasant, to experience the present). Thanks for the video, I am just learning about this concept and still got a lot of research to do!
  4. @noobule [6 likes]: I almost didn't finish this because I starting feeling uncomfortable lol
  5. @the.kai.eros.experience [5 likes]: This explains so much about addiction, trauma and suicide.
  6. @Twisted_Code [4 likes]: My psychologist sent this to me, I've been struggling with this motivational problem for... a while. I think it's why I so often ended up cramming for exams in college, because I avoided some of the "harder" studying until the last minute, until the "failure to meet deadline" thought started to scare me more than the work.
Now I've graduated, so I've got the one thing I value, but now I'm struggling to figure out where to go from here[*], and since there is no tangible destination right now, it's more general, so that in the meantime all the uncertainty of NOT KNOWING what to do is paralyzing.

[*]I feel called out by that one Progressive commercial when they say "recent graduates who can't move on with their lives", although also somewhat relieved since the joke of the advertisement is that it's a common occurrence.
  7. @Zahlenteufel1 [4 likes]: The solution is to define the things you want? Enter Apathy, where you want nothing .
  8. @miguelstaronwurah2538 [3 likes]: Positive approach is motivating and running away from challenges worsen the situation 👍
  9. @ajaykamathm [2 likes]: I read about these concepts in Stephen Hayes' book few years ago. You have illustrated the crux of it in a very easy to understand, and concise manner here. Thank you. I hope I can come to it time and again when I need a reminder to be brave!
  10. @jasonsands5881 [2 likes]: Good video. My therapist sent me here.
  11. @retired674 [2 likes]: I have this. I found out today. I think anyways. I hate doing almost everything.
  12. @Bestnaut [1 likes]: Great video! Very insightful!
  13. @sujal.paudel [1 likes]: Amazing Amazing !!
  14. @leaderfulaction7796 [1 likes]: Great video - simple but effective in every way. Thanks Rob!
  15. @ChuckBassHere: Succinct explanation. Thank you
  16. @NoniSheila: this video also makes difference. a class about learning on Coursera brought me here.
  17. @ubiveritasetamor: I agree with their endpoint (move through the discomfort towards your values) but disagree that the primary away-driver for the internal world is human language. We can see plenty of language-lacking animals who move not only away from present, real danger but also from reminders of past danger (e.g. a dog who always covers when it sees a large man bc of a resemblance to a past abusive owner or something). Can anyone with more ACT knowledge explain this discrepancy?
  18. @happymimi16: Beautiful video :)
  19. @WongJoWong: an ability to go thru difficulties
  20. @alexbishop3062: Would love to include this on my blog http://synapse.consulting/blog  to speak about psychological flex.  please let me know!

- Steven Hayes: "Why Psychological Flexibility Matters" (05/12/17): Kind: captions Language: en Let me say what I'm going to try to do here today for you. Um and I'm assuming I know there's some general folks in here and I think it's going to work fine. But I'm this is um for the clinicians in the audience and the researchers in the audience uh is the primary focus here. What I'm trying to do in this talk is talk about what's changed in the world of evidence-based psychotherapy and where the ACT fits in that, where I think it's going. And then I'm going to try to dive into the model that's underneath ACT uh of psychological flexibility and show why it's important. And then I have entirely too many uh slides of data of different forms and I'll see how long I torture you on that. I've taken advantage of the fact that uh I normally given an hour and then they're moving me out and I've got a little more time here, so uh I'm even going to try to talk a little bit about what's underneath the psychological flexibility model, which is relational frame theory. And uh long run, I think it's the most important part of the work that I do. Uh so uh I'll see if I can do it in a way that doesn't uh cause a massive uh uh noise of heads hitting their chairs in front of them as people fall asleep. I'll try to do it in a way that actually seems relevant. So that's what I'm up to for today. If you work in applied agencies in the US and around the world, you know that evidence-based care is becoming more and more of an issue. That's not going to slow down. It's only going to increase. This is built into the logic of modern civilization. If people are asking for science to be linked to practice. Uh but we have been through one era and it's now really changing. We are in an era now that where evidence is important, but the way that we are going to get there have lost faith in it. The Feds have lost faith in it. The era that we went through was that we thought we would move science into practice in the area of of uh mental health problems uh by categorizing people in terms of their signs and symptoms. And then uh trying to target them. And it did lead to a kind of knowledge growth, not necessarily the kind we thought we needed. Like larger and larger books with more and more syndromes and sub-syndromes. I've actually have literally done the math and by 2060, there'll be more sub-syndromes in the DSM than are people in the United States. Uh and really that is not a joke. I mean, the thing just can't stop. Because what it's trying to do is to put people into little cubbyholes of topography in the hopes that that would help us find the underlying ideology course, response to treatment, what are the functional processes? Well, in physical medicine, that sometimes worked. And it sometimes hasn't. When does it work? It's worked when the signs and symptoms, the things you see and people complain about are linked to a small set of functional processes. But if you have a small set of functional processes that lead to many manifestations or wide range of processes that lead to few manifestations, it's failed. Cancer, for example, we botanized cancer for 25, 30 years. Everybody who discovered a new little form got the wiggly diggly syndrome or something named after them. And it didn't lead any where until we gotten back in the lab and figured out what how oncogenes worked and things like that. And so when it's failed, you have to do something different. Uh the other thing that we've linked this vision to is a large number of uh evidence-based uh treatments. This is the uh the uh Division 12 list of those that are evidence-based. And I'm really, really, really happy that ACT is the first four slots. It's at the top because it's the best. It's actually at the top because its acceptance ACC is enough to put it alphabetically at the top. We thought of naming a triple A therapy, but it seemed cheesy. Uh and but, you know, no human being can learn that list. It's impossible. There No system of care can implement that list. It's impossible. Uh there are things on there that take 6 months or 12 months to get the certificate. By the way, in ACT, we've eschewed that from the beginning. No certificates. No hierarchy. You know, if you want to be good at ACT, we will give you the tools how to do it. We will give you tests to show that you're competent at it, but no no anointing. Because getting licensed means you can take license. And I want us to constantly feel as though we need to learn more. Not that we've been anointed. And uh ACT has worked as we're one of I think one of the only approaches out there that has We have recognized trainers. The recognized trainers pay no money. And it's peer review. No money ever exchanges hands other than $80 to file the paperwork, which is less than half of what it costs for us just to handle the paperwork. Yeah. Because you know, what we've been through is this idea that we're going to protect these territories. No, we should release knowledge out into the world, and let's see where it can go with it. And the feds have realized that, and now what they're trying to do in NIMH, which 35 years ago Jerry Klerman said, "You're not going to get any money unless you genuflect in front of the DSM uh system and now Tom Insel and it's being carried on by and now that it's changed hands has said, "I tell you what, if you genuflect in front of the DSM want to do a randomized trial for a new method, you're not going to get any money from us." People don't realize that. They still think in systems of care, "Oh, DSM? No." But when the feds say no, that means no because all the researchers line up behind the feds cuz that's where they get their money. And so if you're not used to rethinking evidence-based care and you're out in the front lines, you need to because the seed corn of what you're learning is what the feds are supporting. And what they're saying is now, "We're going to go after processes. They want mechanisms and processes and moderators and mediators." And I'll explain what those things are when try to do it in a way that won't make your eyes class. But, you know, and we're going to do it by positive negative motivational systems, cognitive systems, social systems. The problem with that, that list is only a list of formal areas in which you might find functional processes. Those aren't functional either. They're just saying we're going to go after processes, but really in their hearts of hearts because NIMH is mostly controlled by psychiatry, what they and a particular wing, they although they say they're interested in social processes, blah blah blah, what they really mean is brain circuits. What they really mean is brain systems. Well, good luck with that. The brain is a very important part of a our body, but it's still not a functional model and I think uh you know, we only really have had a history of finding brain processes that really work when we have good guidance from psychology about where to look. Otherwise, you just see pretty pictures of brains lighting up. So far they've put 5 years of effort into it. There's not one brain circuit that they've determined that leads to uh uh uh pathological outcomes where they can use it clinically. Okay, so I'm going to try to take the spirit of this that's in the act tradition and try to give it to you in a different way. And the reason I can is that we've worked on it for a long time. Underneath act uh is a a model, a psychological flexibility model. And it and it's part of a commitment to a process-based focus. I'm known for the third wave, Lonnie mentioned it when she uh came up just because I was the first person to use the term. When I saw what was happening in uh the behavioral and cognitive therapies as acceptance, mindfulness, and uh uh values work uh swept in. Uh but the third wave was never really just about acceptance, mindfulness, and values. It was about a shift to process-based therapy. What I mean by process-based therapies instead of evidence-based processes link uh uh uh evidence-based protocols for syndromes, we're going to have evidence-based processes linked to evidence-based procedures that alleviate the problems and promote the prosperity of people. And if you can figure out a way to get more P words in that sentence, please let me know. I'm working on it. there's a few words in there that ameliorate. I need a P word for that. Well, and what that would allow us to do then is is to focus on processes that are measurable and changeable that will mediate, become functionally important into outcomes, and it will lead us to find components that we can fit the people. In other words, it's it's an old-fashioned vision. It's functional analysis. It's being able to look at a person and see functionally what's going on and target their needs to meet their goals. Clinicians gravitate to that because they understand individuals are individuals. And the DSM era we had to live with times we had 65 70% of you know, if you had one disorder you had comorbidity you had another disorder that's not comorbidity that's a bad diagnostic system. And we're going to need to move to a system that allows us to fit processes and procedures to the needs of people. And that's what I said you know when people got on me hard about I got some pushback on the third wave. It actually happened it came in it was like the tide you can stand at the front and say no that thou shalt not come in but the folks who screamed and yelled about the third wave soon enough we're doing randomized trials on yoga and meeting with the Dalai Lama I mean it just happened. So but what was what it was about wasn't just sort of bringing these Eastern ideas in or something it was about this an empirical principle this is a quote from the article where that term was first used. The third wave. Principle focused approach that's sensitive to the context and functions of psychological phenomena not just their form. Uh and that by the way applies to clinicians as well as clients in constructing broad and flexible and effective repertoires. Well what that would allow us to do is to have something where we can target these processes linked to procedures and build out what our clients need. It's the equivalent of having bricks instead of named architectural designs that you have to do no matter what. Now my journey starts really inside my own panic disorder. I was a trained behavior therapist early cognitive behavior therapist trained behavior analyst. But when panic brought me to the point where I couldn't give a talk to 500 graduates without almost falling down Uh, forced me to challenge some of my basic underlying assumptions about human beings and how they worked. This is a picture of me in my first TEDx Talk of hitting bottom. Uh, a moment when I when I turned where uh after a 3-year spiral down into my life getting smaller and smaller by doing the logical, reasonable, sensible pathological things. Uh, that lead to panic disorder uh where I thought I had a heart attack in the uh at the bottom of this spiral down. And then realized at 2:00 in the morning that I'm no, I'm not going to the emergency room cuz this is not a heart attack. This is another panic attack. And I couldn't even trust my own body to give me uh feedback that's proper. This the I call that the scream because I gave that scream once when I was caught in a machine. That uh moment on the shag brown and gold shag carpet where I turn on the voices within and say, "No more. I'm not giving you anymore. You're not going to make me run from me." And uh and then that TEDx Talk, I'm never going to do it again. Three times, that's enough. Uh you can actually hear the scream if you go to the TEDx Talk. But the reason I mention it is the ACT works is grounded inside human complexity. Let's start with facing up to this goofy idea that people with problems are them and we up here in our, you know, clinical grandness are going to help them get normal. You know, go look in the freaking mirror. The divorce rate among the clinicians in this group is higher higher as it is out there. The rates of anxiety, depression, are higher higher here as it is out there. So who are we to be doing that? You know, let's ground our work in the reality of being a human being. And so, that is mentioned because it's part of the spirit of the work. We've had a a central question inside the act community, the contextual behavioral science community we call it, which is basically, why is it so hard to be human? What's up with that? And we'll accept no answer that minimizes, objectifies, and dehumanizes. Oh, it's just I don't want to hear the rest of the sentence. If you can say it's just, I don't want to hear the rest of the sentence. Human complexity is more than that. Now, you you'll understand a little bit of psychological flexibility if I do a flicker fusion version of evolution science, cuz really it's a form of it. not genetic causation and all that. That's that's old-fashioned evolution science. It's been brought down now that the human genome is fully mapped and we know that it's basically false. Uh but, I just want to give you those concepts in your head, so when you see psychological flexibility, you can think about this as just another way of thinking about how systems evolve. Cultures evolve, behavioral patterns evolve, genes, epigenes evolve, and they they do that around three concepts. One is variation. If you don't can't do do something different, you can't change. If you always do what you've always done, you always get what you've always got. That's Mom's Mabley's wisdom, and it's right. Uh what are the processes that are pro variation are a big focus of our work. You've got to be able to select the variants that are that are helpful. You got to be able to notice what's working and what isn't. And be humble in being guided towards what works rather than what your mind might say works. And you got you're going to retain it in the world of psychology, you retain by doing. You don't use it, you lose it. And so building out habits and patterns of action will be critical. If we're going to evolve on purpose, we need to be focusing on context though. Really, what are the variations and when you're working clinically with somebody, not encouraging to do things that are beyond themselves, keeping it small but keeping things that would actually fit and be supported in their homes, in their given their repertoire, given what they're doing, given what their purposes are. You got to pick out the dimensions that are important. It isn't just the ones that are on lists symptoms, in fact, it's nominally not that. That might include things like emotional openness or might include things like sleep or working on nutrition or exercise even though the person came in to you for depression, you can't just be thinking, you got to let this DSM era go. Just let it go because depression is one whole human being living a life and you need to focus out more broadly on all the dimensions that's going to affect that including things like social support, like what's going on in terms of their sex life, in terms of the amount of sleep that they get, etc. And and assume that is part of your role and if you don't feel competent to do it because I don't know about that, you need to learn about that. Because one whole human being has all these different dimensions. You know that in your personal life, you have to put that in your professional life. If you can't do it only with yourself, you can't be expert in everything, build out your clinics and your agencies in which way, hello, that there's the experts there that can help you on it. And then you have to be thinking at multiple levels. I work with David Sloan Wilson, internationally known evolutionary biologist and we have book coming out together. We have projects and major paper in behavioral brain science linking our work to evolution science. He was the one who sort of dragged a multi-level selection back into evolution science when it had become almost a joke. Uh you couldn't take a course in evolution without saying, "Group level selection used to be believed in, but now it's wrong." That's not true. It's actually the the tide has turned, and it'll be important to my story about uh RFT, but it's important clinically in this way that you have to be thinking about the nestedness of life. That the individual isn't just the individual. The individual's in the relationship, but it's not just the relationship. They're in a larger family, but it's not just that. They're in a work organization, but it's not just that. They're part of a larger kind of social fabric, and they're part of a religious community, and they're part And it's the same thing all the way down. You're not just an individual. You're 37 trillion cells. You're all different kinds of repertoires and voices. Your mom is inside you. Your dad's inside you. Your spouse is inside you. And certain parts of these are kind of competing. And so multi-level selection says basically that the way that you get peace and cooperation is for the smaller units to succeed by being part of larger units that succeeds. And if you're not thinking that way, you can easily get too narrowly focused. That's part of what psychopathology is. It's the selfishness of the parts of us trying to claim the whole of us. Um and uh so just file it away that selection operates at multiple levels. And to to get cooperation, we need to find ways for the smaller units to succeed at the same time as the larger units succeed succeed. Okay. So, what are the biggest enemies of healthy variation and selective retention? Just that part. Well, this is where we start after my moment on the brown gold shag carpet in 1981. Within a few months, I'm asking that question. Basically, why is it so hard to be human? Why is it so hard to be me? But I'm really looking as a behavior analyst and a person sort of sensitive to these kind of evolutionary ideas, what are the why why did I allow myself to get narrowed down into this tiny little box of I can't feel anxious? Well, what are the big enemies of variation? One is avoidance. We know that even from animal models. If you run away from the stimuli that could evoke new forms of behavior, you're not going to see new forms of behavior. Um you know the old joke of you know, why do you have your banana in your ear? Keeps the elephants away. There's no elephants here. See, it works. You know, and so we see rigidity and avoidance because it it will be almost self-sustaining once it begins. That's true in animal models, it's true in humans. Humans have something else and I'm going to do kind of a deep dive and not deep dive, a little dive into this when I try to do my RFT wrap, but we have this tremendously wonderful uh variation producing thing called human language that produces variation in everything except for things that can't be done in a particular form of human language. So, we on the one hand, we've got this huge amount of variation that exploded when we learned how to talk and listen the way that we did when we learned the tool of symbolic thought. I'm going to talk about that in a second but where that came from. But what it then did is it restricted variation outside of that. We're the figure outers, the problem solvers, the rule followers. We're talking to ourselves constantly about well, if I did this, I get this and that's better than that. And so yeah, but how about things that don't get learned that way? If any of you know about dancing, music, sports, you know your mind gets in the way. I mean, you can't play a fast piece and think about it. As soon as you do, you're making mistakes. Yogi Berra, you know, don't think, just hit. You know, you got to take inner tennis lessons. I mean, you've got to go to mindfulness treats just to like do normal things that every other creature on the planet can do. Because they don't have the language monster constantly getting in the way. Excessive rule following and after you take something that goes CD. And it's incredibly rational. Incredibly I I could poison my children by touching something that had germs and fix I could. You can't say that's not rational. It's just insane. But you know, the insanity of overextending one part of us. This is multi-level selection. This is selfishness. This is one part of us claiming the whole of us. And learning how to have the whole of us work together in the proper way. Well, so I did early work my lab did early work showing that if you gave someone a rule, you could make them quickly, you know, have the intelligence level of a cockroach. I mean, if you bring people into an environment where they say they have to work hard to achieve outcomes and then you change it so that all they need to do is wait for a while and do a little bit to achieve the same outcomes. Like you put behavioral geek language, you put them on a high variable ratio schedule and then flip them down to a matched variable interval schedule. Every creature on the planet working really hard, working really hard to change the contingencies and they slow down. Except one. We're still working hard. You bring them in the lab, you know, they You can even set it up so that you won't get anything unless you finally stop for a long time, right? You know, I used to work I used to work and finally they're exhausted. That's a stop. They don't know that. They start again. Payoff. Now, you know about this. I'll give you an example. I'll do it in in a gender focused way because this is the way I learned it. Men do not uh shut up about about talking to their wives about things. They tend to want to explain. Uh they think kind of in a Well, I know this is gender biased, but so I'm hitting thing where, you know, I'm feeling like it's unfair. My wife criticizing me about something and I just want to explain why uh really what I did was okay, right? Anybody watching this train wreck would know what I need to do. It's called shut up. But I just have to explain what I It's like really hard to learn things like there's times just not to do. And we can see it in this excessive kind of rule following. In that case, these issues of fairness and understanding will overwhelm me even though my experience says, "No, I should just sit inside discomfort and listen to my wife." And by the way, usually she's right. Uh it takes a little while to realize that I have to shut up to hear it. You put these things together, you put together rule following and avoidance, and boy, now you've got a system for pathology. But this is absolutely normal. We do this thing of don't go there. You've been hurt before. If you're betrayed in a relationship, the next time somebody gets under your skin and begins to break down your defenses, you feel almost like, "Whoa!" And you find yourself doing things like not answering the phone or deliberately doing an argument. Or You know what I'm talking about? I'm not going to let him get close to me. He might hurt me. Well, people can hurt you when you're close. But you're following a rule linked to controlling your emotions. and it you know, correct can it's hard to rein that in. So, what are these verbal rules, anyway? These Wizard of Oz voices in our heads that are commanding us to seek the broomstick of the Wicked Witch of the West or avoid our difficult thoughts and feelings. This is where I want to do a little bit into relational frame theory. Um Okay, here here's a different way. Let's see if this will work cuz relational frame theory is very hard to talk about. It's hard to language about language, but it's it's an important thing that's underneath psychological flexibility. I believe that what we're doing right now is something that's probably a couple hundred thousand years old. That's the how long Homo sapiens have been around. Based on whether or not you think the hominids did it, it might be a couple million years old. It's no more than that. Why? Because the language trained chimps don't do what your 12-month-old baby will do that I'm about to show you is critical to being able ever to do what you and I are doing right now. It's evolutionarily new. Operant classical conditioning, how we learn by experience, habituation a little bit, but it's mostly contingency learning, operant classical conditioning. Is 545 million years old. It's half a billion years old. How do we know that? Every organism that evolved since the Cambrian period does it, and every organism before that doesn't do it. So, these are ancient ancient ancient systems to learn the way Pavlov's dogs did or Skinner's uh uh rats and pigeons. And we've been trying to figure out language and cognition for 300 years by making the concept of association work. Well, association comes by temporal contiguity, physical contiguity, or formal similarity. It looks the same, so you get generalization. They occurred together in the same time and space. That dog will not hunt. It has never been able to step up to the challenge even of understanding just how a few words work, how a sentence works. And I'm going to try to show you why. What's really going on, what we really came up with, is not this tinker toy connectionist associative stuff. That's not what we're doing. What we're really doing when we're speaking is something more like this picture. And it's not just a loose metaphor. It's actually where it came from. Let me explain I'll explain what I what I mean. So if you look at the Suppose I tell you all these people are related. In fact, they are. It's a big family. You've got people of different races there, different ages and genders, right? How are they all related looking at what they look like? You can't tell. If I told you where they lived, could you tell? Not necessarily. You'd have some indications. How about their age? You still can't tell. After all, little Suzy, who's only four, might be the aunt of uh of Joey or who's uh 10 years old or 15 or 20. Fred might be married to George. by marriage, etc., all these different races can combine. It could be that the two people who live together in San Diego are distant cousins, but the person who lives in Washington, D.C., and Chicago they have a long-distance marriage. Associative learning, similarity, temporal and physical contiguity won't explain this. It's a But if you knew how who these people were, you could tell me all their relationships, every single one. Might take you a little This one's the niece of that, that's a second cousin of that, that's person's married to that, right? You could do that, right? And if you knew a relationship between this person to that, you'd know that person to this, right? Into a vast network. That's what language is doing. Language is like a family relationship picture. Uh now, I'm going to try to make that real and show that that's not a loose metaphor. That's actually how it happened, I believe. And it changes how we think of the problem we face in reigning in the voice within. It's worth a deep dive. And in addition, it's worth it because there's really cool things you can do when you have an understanding of language beyond even psychotherapy. I mean, we can do with what I'm about to tell you things like raise people's IQs by 15 points in about 6 months. We can take autistic spectrum disordered kids who don't have a sense of self and establish it. We can do implicit measures of cognition that are orders of magnitude better than anything that you've heard about like the IAT, etc. So, you can do cool things with language. You can vet the stimuli and roll out of Obamacare, which we did in Nevada and figured out how to reach people and persuade them in the first 300 milliseconds when they saw an ad. So, I'm not going to talk about that. I'm going to talk I'm talking about therapy. But the reason I'm talking about this is it makes a difference to think about the challenge of language that is leading to these weird things like a relatively successful assistant professor unable to talk to five undergraduates. Okay. So, here's the deal. Here's the little seed. This If you don't do this, you don't develop human language. If that little one knew that that round thing was called an apple, and then I asked for the apple, the toddler, the baby would look for and got to give me the apple. We're the the creatures that do that. You can get that something that looks like that by training in both directions, but we're the only one that we learn in one direction and we show it in the other direction. Not at first. When you're dealing with a 12-month-old or a 9-month-old, you know, this is dada. They have to learn that relation, but as they have different examples of also where's dada, there's dada. Eventually, you could say uh you could establish something that's in totally uh new. Now, why why would that be? Let me just hang on to that. If you don't fully understand, but hang on to that. We're by far the most cooperative primates, by far. Jane Goodall never saw a case where two chimpanzees were trying to move a log and one picked up one end and the other picked up the other end. I mean, there's plenty of cooperation out there in the animal kingdom. I don't mean that, but we are the super cooperators, the ultra cooperators. Toddlers trying to move a log will pick up one end and the other end. Infants. This is a little baby. This is an actual picture. So, you can't see it, but there's Honey Nut Cheerios on her high chair tray. Okay? She's watching the mean puppet and a nice puppet interact. Okay? This is preverbal. Now, the puppets come over and they want a treat. She'll feed her precious Honey Nut Cheerios to the nice puppet. She won't feed it to the mean puppet. You recognize cooperation and you'll reward it in others before language. That's how basic it is. That's the kind of monkey we are. Here's another one. Another preverbal babies playing with toys. And And it's clean up time, clean up time. You're down and you're taking the toys and you're putting them in the box and you point to a toy that's out of reach and the baby reaches for it and gets the toy and looks at you and tries to put it in the box. Understanding that's what we're doing. Now, in that same scenario, while they're cleaning up, here comes a new adult. Gets down, points at a toy out of reach. What does the baby do? Reaches for it, picks it up and tries to give it to the adult. Babies understand intentionality. There's basic theory of mind skills. From the perspective of the new adult coming in, it's not clean up time. He must want the toy. If you just take those two two kinds of things and then you did something like this, would you would you mind playing with me a little bit? Would you play? Okay. I want you to make a sound. Mhm? Make a sound. Any sound. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm? Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Of course you do that. Of course you do that, right? Well, lots and lots of animals will emit characteristic sounds or things when they see things. Chimps will squeak in a particular way Mhm. when a snake shows up. Prairie dogs when there's eagles coming, right? But when you flip it around the other way, if you go uh you know, if you learn snake sound, that doesn't mean sound snake. It doesn't go in the other direction. In humans it does and the same areas of the brain light up. We're the only ones that are like that. Why? Well, socially, before there's language, if you knew that this had a name and then we're the super cooperators and we'll even reinforce cooperation, why wouldn't you do this? If if we had a name for apple pre-verbal, so we're not we're not yet a verbal troop, but we just had a sound just like chimps do for snakes, but we had it for apples and you're on the other side of a ravine, I could go apple. Why wouldn't you do what you just did? But once we do that in other words, once we get, you see what I mean by relationships? Once we get that in a social relationship there's a speaker and the listener are in a pair, a cooperative pair and language can be used to extend cooperation, which is where I think it started. Once you're doing that, you've got this core idea of you learn it in one you derive it in two. You don't have to be taught the listener role. But as that becomes internalized inside the same skin, I could go hmm and then hmm. And mentally, this is now being brought to mind. You You see what I'm saying? The core skill of learn it one, derive it in two children who don't develop that will never develop normal human language. If you don't derive that without having it to be trained like a parrot or like the chimpanzees or your dog. And by the way, don't send me emails about your smart dog. I know it's smart, but they didn't learn it. They learned it both with actions. Yes, I can get your slippers. You trained them, too. That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about learn it for the first time and now I can say, "What does a hmm look like?" You can picture it, right? You didn't get trained to do that. Nobody rewarded you for that. It's just built in. All right, so here's my argument. It's This is the that you know, when I'm dead and buried, it won't be very long from now, at my age, I think this is going to be more important than act or CBS or any of the stuff that I've done. Because if this claim is right, and as it appears as though now, 30 years in and almost 300 studies, that it is right, or at least partially right, all scientific theories are wrong, but you know, but this partially right, is that here's the deal, language is not association. It's learned relation. And associations are one direction, they're not two. When you hear, you know, Pavlov's dogs went bell food, bell food, then you don't go give the dog Alpo and it goes, "What?" It goes in one direction, not two. If I see the lion, I run to the thicket. That doesn't mean if I see the thicket, I run to the lion. If I do that, I'm one dead monkey. It doesn't go in two, language does. Because relationships go in two. If I'm your uncle, you know, you're my niece. uh, here's a little ditty that summarizes 30 years of work on relational frame theory. This is what human language is. Learn it in one, derive it in two, put it in networks that change what you do. Thank you very much. Uh, it's kind of silly that 30 years of work leads to that, but that's that's what it is. All right, but it extends out. It starts out with just naming, but it extends out in other ways. If you have a 3-year-old, you know that the 3-year-old wants the nickel rather than the dime. They know that coins can be used to buy cool stuff and they want the big one. If you got a 5-year-old, they begin to want the dime over the nickel. It becomes arbitrary. Hmm, and this relationship, there's nothing about hmm that goes with this, other than it came out of her mouth, yeah? So, So not similarity, it's not contiguity, it's not time going together, it's relationship. But that extends now to other relationships, not just is, but isn't and opposite and comparatives. So I can say just by social convention a dime is bigger than a nickel. Well, it isn't. It's smaller. No, but it is because we decided. That's the relationship. It's just like aunt, I mean uncle and and niece. Well, once you do that, you can derive now that a you know, if if a a nickel is smaller, a dime is bigger, and if you use nickels to buy candy, now you want the dime even if you've never spent dimes before. That sounds wonderful, doesn't it? In terms of solving problems, it is. But here's a problem. Let's just take this. I now have words that are bidirectionally related to concepts. They're no longer bound by form and it can be any kind of relationship. Are you up to speed with me? You kind of I know it's a little vague. You give up the details, but believe me, the RFTers have worked this out in in excruciating detail. You can't even read the damn studies. You know, the relational frame theory book, I can't read and I wrote it. I mean, it is hard, the language about language. But just that level of understanding How about this? If it's arbitrary, I can do something like no matter how successful I've been I should have been so much more. It's arbitrary. I can do that. And if I can do that I can be miserable amongst any amount of success. All I need is the cognitive capacity to picture something that's even grander and more wonderful and compare, right? That's exactly what we do. I mean, you have depressed people coming to see you and you go like, man this dude has everything. Yeah, but they've also got the language monster. They can tell them they don't have anything. Even amidst that. And that means that we can't challenge it just rationally. We can't challenge it just formally. We can't challenge it just by solving the problem. We've got that capacity to carry our painful experiences everywhere we go. If you can see the Mhm. And you've had a traumatic event, you can bring it to mind anywhere. You can be in this magnificent room with these incredible lights. This and bring it to mind. You know, when I and it will and it will build out because learn it one, drive it into, put it in networks, things that relate to it. So, for example, um when I was struggling with my panic uh disorder, I you know, started trying to do things like listen to the relaxation tapes because if I got relaxed then I would be nervous because she is there's a reciprocal inhibition as the back of the days or a systematic desensitization. So, exposure plus reciprocal precision so what I need I'll do my relaxation tape and if I'm really really relaxed then that'll fight down the anxiety monster. And so, okay, it's it's working. It's working. I'm feeling a lot better. Uh I'm relaxed. I'm I'm giving a talk to my undergraduates. I'm I'm doing better and I'm relaxed and that's good because otherwise I'd be anxious and I'm and if I'm anxious that would be bad because I'm but What was that? Uh so, the I'm losing my track on the lecture but my heart just jumped a little. But but I'm I'm relaxed. How far away is the door? It may maybe I should give my lecture over here. But I'm feeling I'm not I'm not I'm not feeling relaxed. I'm feeling I think I'm feeling anything but relaxed. I'm feeling really anxious. Anybody here work with anxiety disorders and know about the phenomenon of relaxation induced panic. Yeah. It's an empirical phenomenon. Go look it up in the literature. The attempt to be relaxed will induce panic attacks. You just saw it. I just did a short form of what I lived through. Of course it does. Look. Any relationship, it isn't just is, it isn't an opposite, etc. Okay, that's the seat. Um how about if I do this? Hot. Okay. Black. Relaxed. You see it? You can't even deal with anxiety by the opposite of anxiety because opposite is relation. It'll remind you of anxiety. Do you see it? You know, this is what's going on in OCD, etc. This This network just just keeps growing and growing and growing and growing. it isn't just if you've had an accident, let's say, don't think about the cars. It could also be don't think about not thinking about cars. I mean, this is a hell of a situation. By the time I was at the bottom, you know, of being under the shag carpet at 2:00 in the morning, if you said the word relaxation, I'd get nervous. If you said anxiety, I'd get nervous. If you said emotion, I'd get nervous. If you talked about your body, I'd get nervous. It was pretty darn hard to do clinical Cuz all roads lead to Rome. And that's exactly what you see in the extension of these clinical problems. And of course we would do this. You can bring this problem solving mode of mind to anything and of course we would say, "I should try to get rid of that feeling." Okay, so why does this matter? Uh you've indulged me because of the longer time frame. I've had a little more to play time with RFT than I usually do in front of a group of clinicians. I hope I can make it relevant. But are you kind of with me? All right. Here's a few implications. Although it started as a sweet extension of cooperation, apples apples You know, just like giving the Honey Nut Cheerios to the cooperative puppet. It then evolved as new relationships came in into a problem-solving tool. Because I can think about the hmm I can think about whether or not the hmm is better than the uh I can imagine what I could do to get the hmm and it loses contact with form, the nickel-and-dime situation. As it does that uh when you realize that cognitive relations are learned and there is no process called unlearning There is no process called unlearning, Psychology 102 or whatever. There's extinction, that's inhibition. You can extinguish it all the way down to zero levels, you can reacquire it more rapidly. That means it's still And as new behaviors get confronted and it goes you'll go way back to the earliest parts of your repertoire. The example I usually give is in 9/11, I am certain there were people up in that building calling for their mama before they fell down or burned to death or leapt out the window. I'm certain of that. Of course they did. Because that's the kind of creature that we are. Once you've learned it, it's there forever. There's no delete button in a nervous system. There's no minus button. It doesn't exist. So if you've ever made a connection, that connection is there to be made more easily. And it's broken free of form. So, you can't solve it. You You can't solve the misery of a person simply by, you know, dumping goodies on top of them. You can win the freaking lottery if you're depressed and be even more depressed. but problem-solving does have a positive role in figuring how to foster ends that are rule-governed. So, and it unfortunately, it's hard to formulate a simple rule for when we should use rules. This repertoire doesn't know when to stop. Look, it'll tell you I did in a public talk here and I tried to get somebody to tell me how to walk and they told me things like move your foot and I'd say how and they'd say, "Well, just do it." And then I'd say, "Well, how do you do that?" And you know, you only get about three or four steps in before you get to I don't know. So, we're living inside this system that says that it knows everything. And it knows only a little thing. It knows how to generate and follow How do we get other things into the room for our clients? We're going to have to put that freaking mind of ours on a leash and use it when it's good. It's massively good in so many areas. We're in this wonderful room because of it. If it wasn't, we'd be a whole bunch of folks sitting out in the middle of a field naked. But it doesn't work for everything. And we are the folks who work on the places where it doesn't work. It's called mental health for a reason. They're called mental problems for a reason. Now, what we've developed out of this sensitivity to really digging into the basics all the way down to try to figure out how language works. I mean, my poor clinical students, there were clinical students who created RFT. These are not basic experimentalists. They did what we called the basic slide. We just kept asking questions. What's the rule? And it came down to it's behavior governed by a verbal stimulus. What's verbal? What's a verbal stimulus? We even ended up with these clinical students here would be the lab question. What's a word? I mean but we just wouldn't stop until we got an answer that worked. And that gives me a foundation to stand in front of you and say this work is kind of different than other things that are out there. I'm sorry for the self-praise. But it's just different because we insisted on processes that would explain it. And so when I now that we're headed into the era of process-oriented therapy, process-based therapy, which is what's going to happen which is what is happening, I can stand here and say we've got a small set of processes that do a lot of things and they're standing on a firm foundation that you don't need to know about but you can if you're interested in it even all the way down to how do basic behavioral principles and our underlying biology link to these cognitive principles that emerge somewhere in between the last 200,000 and 2 million years. That's cool. Uh and I think it's worth some attention. So I will walk through the psychological flexibility model, talk a little bit about what we can do with it. And then we'll see how far we go into this uh excessive amount of time you've given me. Okay, so this is the usual way that we present psychological flexibility model. in which we're going to teach diffusion skills and acceptance skills. Diffusion skills learn it in one, derive it in two, put it in networks to change what you do. If there's no unlearning, if it can be applied arbitrarily, and once you do it it never leaves your head. You're not going to solve clinical problems primarily by changing the networks. You can change the flexibility of the networks and you can expand the networks. Learn it in one, derive it in two, put it in networks. You can do that. Like psychoeducation. Psychoeducation is fine when people have never learned something. And they have never heard something. That's something new in the network. It's fine. Nine times out of 10, it's useless because they already know it. They already read it. It was on Oprah. And so what are you doing saying, "Well, actually panic won't kill you." Oh, I never knew that. I thought I was going to fall there. But but but I'm afraid I'm going to die. I'm afraid I'm going to die. Yes, I understand. It looks like it's an informational problem. I understand that. It's not. It's a transformation problem. Change what you do. And you're not going to be able to manipulate the network by taking things out. You know, if relaxation can mean anxiety, you're not going to get Oh, you're not going to have a heart attack by telling people you're not going to have a heart attack. Or showing them the data on how many people By the way, occasionally panic does lead to heart attack. I'm sorry to tell you. You know, if you get your heart rate going enough, some people are fragile and they do. I'm sorry to tell you. You were so afraid if they're going to read that article, you know. Oh my god, I had never You know, you're not going to solve it that way. Sometimes yes, I'm fine with psychoeducation, but come on. let's distinguish the kind of problem. But what No, one thing you can do, even though there's no eraser and no delete button, you can change what they do. That's not that hard. Diffusion can do And so all of these uh diffusion skills are putting the cognitive networks into unusual contexts, so people can see that they have skills as to rein in the transformation of stimulus functions. Okay, so I'll I'll I'll give you an example. We're reading stories to children. And you're reading stories about being out in a desert and not having any water just reading a story. And you start watching the children. They start licking their lips. They start you know they're doing things like they're looking for water if the water's available to drinking it more just by hearing the story. Okay. And then you do a little game and not telling them that this is experimental thing cuz they're not brought in. And so they say things like you know and so you're out in the desert and desert spelled almost like dessert. And then you start throwing in weird stuff like this and and it's really it's they're feeling really bad. They bad spells backwards is dab and you see what they're doing? They're just goofing with this normal kind of stream you're in and these things fall away. The licking of the lips and the drinking of the water even though the story's still there. If you're looking at the story at the same time you're looking the world from inside the story, it changes the impact of the story. Now you're probably not going to do that with your clients. Probably not going to spell panic backwards. You could. It'd probably be fun actually. It might be actually helpful to. Never tried that. Uh but you can do things like this. Uh okay, I'm really bad. Say well could we just do something absolutely crazy? Could we just sing that? Like what's the song that you like? And they have rap tune and I've got Spotify or on my thing and I'll actually put it's really bad and then we'll do it to a trance tune or to a a rap tune. Or if you want to get the sense of it, think of I'm really bad. And now we'll do it to the tune of Happy Birthday. I'm really really really bad. I'm really really really really really. I'm really really, really bad. It's a little different. It's the same, it's a little different. You got to time these things well with clients. They'll feel that you're invalidating their experience. This is usually a little later on, but I'm trying to give you a taste for it. We'll do word repetition. Titchener came up with it 100 years ago. We'd take a word and we'd have to say it over and over again for 30 seconds. Turns out that we've just done recent studies the pace is one word per second. So, if we're doing panic, we'll go panic, panic, panic, panic, panic, panic. At least 30 seconds. There's a at least a month. It's just that one thing, 30 seconds will last at least a month. Brand new study just came out with self with negative thoughts, just still do a word that hurt negative punch on somebody, 30 seconds, one person one word per second, same word over and over again. Uh this reduction of distress of less a month. Ain't that crazy? I think it's crazy. Once you get how diffusion works, you can make them up. There's hundreds of them. Like, you know, putting the word on I'm really bad on your chest, walking around the Now, how to get that in clinically if this is new to you and you're going, "Oh my god, this guy's a lunatic." Um well, the ACT books will help you with it. But, the principle is helping people to now, Let's say but I'll do another one kind of uh clinically. I'm really bad. Let's say I'm working with somebody. I say, "Okay, here let's write it down on a sheet of paper. Show me how close it is. Like, is it like way out here, I'm really bad, or is it really up here?" And very likely it's up like this. I'd say, "Well, let's just hold it there." "Now, what do you see?" I say, "I'm really bad." Uh what am I doing? I can't see. I said, "Yeah, that's part of the pro- problem." Now, you don't know how to delete those words, but what if we could just work on putting those words over here? They're still there. You can see them. They're not going away. They have no place else to go. But now you and I can talk. And they're still there. And they're really bad. I mean, physical metaphors for how to take words and change the what they do. Uh and that's a whole set of things that we've done. Now, the mindfulness folks have learned that I you know, contemplative practice is a technology to do that. Anybody in here who meditates knows that thoughts show up like I'm doing a really good job meditating today. And you could do with that what you'd normally do with negative words, but this flies under the radar screen. Sometimes it's like, "I'm really doing a good job meditating today." No, you're not. You're done. But if it was out there, would you just notice the thought? It isn't the thought I'm doing a really good job that's going to drop you out of you know, the flow. And we've come up with things. I I'm just adding more time than I should, but Okay. ACT and contemplative practice. Is ACT based on Buddhism? No. Uh hello. But Buddhism and all of the mystical wings of all the major religions, it's not just the B one, have learned ways to do this change what you do, whether it's chanting or silence or koans or they all mess around with literal, logical, analytical problem-solving language. Because religion was our first defense, right? About the time we get written language and we've really turned the language monsters uh loose on us. was the first major attempt to to to uh uh to do it kind of kind of do that. Oh, shoot. I lost my train of thought. What was it Where was I going with the uh I was going to do a diffusion exercise. Oh, yeah. So, contemplative practice helps you learn to do this. But, we've come up with things that we think help even more. All right, let's we'll do it as a an exercise together. Helps even more not as a substitute for contemplative practice, but there's something you can put into people's lives in a in a matter of minutes that will help them get down to what the pivot point is of change what you do. Okay. So, I'm going to ask you to actually do this. This is in the first act book. Uh and I'll do it the way it was there. It It's more popular in another form, but I'll do it this way. What I want you to do, I'm going to actually ask you to do it as an eyes closed exercise, but don't close your eyes yet. What I'm going to ask you to do is to notice your thoughts in an ongoing way. And when you have a thought, here's what you're to do. I want you to imagine that you're sitting on a parade stand and there's a parade going down in front of you. And people are marching and they're holding little signs like you do when you have a parade sometimes. And there's a little placard there. The placards, however, are blank until you put something on them. If you think in images, I want you to put the image on. If you think in words, it's actually even better. Write the words on the plac- placard, okay? But now, here's the superficially, here's the purpose of the exercise. Superficially, it's allowing the parade to keep going. Really, the purpose of the exercise it is notice what happens when it no longer does that. Because you won't be very far in. I'm only going to let you go a minute. My guess is at least two-thirds of you will have this experience. If I went two, it would be almost universal. You'll hit a place where it starts to stutter or stops or you're not on the reviewing stand or you're in the parade or you went back home and you're you're if the toaster was left on or you you're you know, fixing your lunch for your kid, or you're worrying about your practice, or you're wondering how is it really 2 minutes or 1 minute, or how long or something. You're gone. Right? You'll catch that you're gone. Now, here's what I want you to do when you do that. Back up a few seconds earlier. If you catch it fast, it won't be very long. And catch that there was a thought that showed up that didn't go on a placard. You get what I'm the game I'm asking you to do? I'm asking you to simply to put your thoughts in a continuous stream. If they repeat, just put them there. This is not to make them go away. It's not to do anything. It's just to let your thoughts be placed out there in a physical form, but at the point at which that disappears in your mind, and something else is happening, back up. I'm not going to be able to work with you individually. If I was, I could actually ask you to say some things out loud, but and notice what just happened right before it stuttered, it stopped, you left it, you were gone, you're in it, you're somewhere else, you're no longer up on the stand watching the parade. You get the game? All right. So, close your eyes and this thing's going to last less than 2 minutes, and we're going to see where we go. Start out by becoming aware of the present. The only best way to do that is sensation, and I want you just to notice what it feels like to sit in the seat that you're sitting in. Notice where your body touches this chair. From the inside out, actually feel that your butt and your back is touching the chair, and exactly where it is. And then notice that you're noticing. Your butt didn't notice itself. A whole human being called you noticed your butt was sitting in the chair, and your back was touching the chair. Don't grab that part and look at it. This is the part we look from, but just touch for a except for a millisecond that awareness resides. You're holding in awareness. There's a fromness and a nowness and a hereness into which you can put the sensation of And now what I want you to do is picture that scene in which you're sitting up on a parade stand and there's a road down in front of you. Here comes the parade. And the folks marching in it, all different kind of folks are marching along holding these placards. And I'm going to be quiet. And any thought that shows up, put it on a placard. But then the real purpose is to notice when it stutters, stops, or you're left. And then picture the room and the people that are in it just for fun and see if you can remember the color of the curtain that's behind the stage. And when you're ready to come back to that space, open your eyes. Uh give me a nod if it stuttered, stopped, you wandered, you did just give me a nod. If you had About as I thought. So, most of you did. Uh now give me Is anybody willing to shout out what you caught? When you caught that you wandered and you came back, could you find a thought that had come up? Give me a nod if that's true. You did find a thought. Okay. Anybody willing to share just an example of a thought that came up that hooked you and you're out? Anybody willing to call one out? Huh? Vacation. You thought of your vacations. And here's uh we'll take a few more. I'm cold. Awesome. Am I doing it right? How many did it Something having to do with the exercise. This is not working for me. Am I doing it right? How long does this go on? Uh these never work for me. I don't know whatever. Uh those especially cuz they fly underneath the radar, sweet. This is not about the exercise. This is You know, don't don't put me on a placard. I just want to explain that this is going on a long time. This doesn't seem like a minute. It's at least 2 minutes. I think he Is he what He's probably practicing his slides. He should have Why didn't he Whatever. Here's the deal. That's fusion. I gave you a purpose. This is simple freaking purpose. How could it be more simple? Come on. It couldn't be more simple. Put your thoughts on a placard. It's only a minute. You can't do it. If I let it go two or three, no one in here, maybe one or two, if you're a meditator, you might and you really maybe, but almost no one in here. That's how wild this horse is that we're on top of. We can't tell it to do anything. okay, so it snuck in there with something that had a little power, little emotional bump, or that presented itself as innocent. I'm not interrupting the exercise, I'm actually helping you. Are you doing it right? Because you need to think about if you're doing it right, otherwise you can't do it. So, just listen to me. You're in another network. That's fusion. Fusion is the domination of verbal symbolic, now you know from what I said, relational, learned relational, arbitrarily applicable. Okay, that's RFT. You You what you did is you you visited fusion, which is the domination of verbal symbolic stimuli over other forms of behavioral influence in a context in which the purpose of doing it is served by this other form. I'm try You know, it's fine to enter into the network when you're just trying to do something in the network. You're trying to figure out how to do your taxes, fuse the hell out of what you're doing because you need to know the rules and just follow the rules and all that. But, I gave you a very very very simple thing. Just watch your mind for a minute. Just watching it. You couldn't do it. You entered into your mind. That's not watching your mind. You with me on this? All right. Why Now, why did I do that exercise? One is just to give you a little sense of fusion. The other is this is that when we know the principles, we know what we're chasing, we can invent things that are different than are out there. I get that the guy underneath the tree came up with some pretty cool things. You know, Siddhartha was pretty wise dude. But, come on. I mean, don't be telling me Buddhism is a science. It's not. That's not disrespect. Out of respect for the spaces they explored through the spiritual and mindfulness and religious traditions, I would like to bring Western science into that space and pull it out of its joints. Not because we're dirty little boys trying to defile the sacred, but because when you pull it out of its joints, you can see ways of entering that space that are things you can put on the factory floor. The people who are doing 10-day silent retreats are the educated elite or young people. They're not people working in the factory floor. And this is the first thing I said to Jon Kabat-Zinn when I had time to talk to him. I said, here's two parts. There's two questions, son. Are you more concerned with the educated elite or you're more concerned with the people on the factory floor? He said, I'm concerned about everybody. I said, here's the second question. You're more concerned about contemplative practice as a form or you're more concerned about the processes that it changes? I said, I'm more con- He said, I'm more concerned about the processes it changes. I said, you're my pal. I'm with you. We're arm in arm. Anything I can do to support you. But, here's the deal. That little exercise in 1 minute taught you a little bit more than some people get in years of meditation. I get emails from people saying, "I didn't really understand what I was doing until I read this book." And I realized, "Oh, yeah." Cuz people can use these forms, these contemplative forms, for self-soothing, for escape, for avoidance. They can do that. So, now I think it's cool. Why would it Because with meditation, you'll notice, like say, follow the breath. You'll notice when you wander off. But the exercise I just did in 1 minute gets to that same core in a way that's, I think, a little more because of its imagery, a little more impactful at the pivot point, the exact pivot point. Which is fused or not fused. You want to discriminate that pivot point. Does this make sense to you? Does this sound sacrilegious? I'm trying to pinpoint people's internal triggers when they No, well, not the internal triggers. I don't really care about specific triggers. I'm going to pinpoint the process. The process that we're targeting is fusion. And if you can catch fusion to fusion, fusion to fusion, fusion to fusion, fusion to fusion, then when you're out there in the world, and it's like, "Oh, this is a Oh, I'm getting fused again." You can feel it. You can sense it. You can't think it. Your mind can't tell you about it. You can't do a rule about defusion. Because you'd have to fuse with the rule to apply the rule, and that's already fusion, and that's not the point. So, I I Excuse me for the chest-thumping, but I something like this is so simple and concrete and takes the woo-woo out of it. You don't have to take the woo-woo out of it. If you want to go in and get the Maharishi to give you a mantra, fine. But I would rather have Herbert Benson tell me to say the word one. You know, because frankly, I had friends who entered into that whole TM network and all of that. And next thing you know, they're serving breakfast to the Maharishi. That was all You know, oh, excuse me. That is sacrilegious. That is Oh, excuse me. I did do it. I did do it. I slipped. But, you know, I saw that Look, I shouldn't take the time. I'm on a Eastern religious commune, Ananda Farm. I'm a hippie, right? Swami Kriyananda wearing the orange orange robes. He's dead now. And maybe you know Kriyananda Oh, anyway. Did important work, actually. Good-hearted guy. But, I'm literally in the commune co uh room, and one of the uh members of the commune admits tearfully that she's led the master astray. And a shock goes through the room as one is another. Each woman in there said, "I thought I led the master astray." Almost ruined the commune, almost lost the Ananda Farm, the retreat center. It was just all fell apart. Because he was nailing every female in the camp. All right? The whole dude did it again. 20 years later, almost lost it again. Go put in Wiki Kriyananda. Uh what was his name? Walter Matthews. Well, come on. The first exposure I had to Zen meditation was uh Roshi Joseph Joshua Sasaki Roshi, one of the most important Zen masters on the planet. Who was being got in trouble at 100 years old for trying to nail his acolytes. Come on. I No more gurus. They're human freaking beings. And so, let's And I learned early on they have feet of clay. So, you you know, you wonder why the ACBS group is oriented without hierarchy, where, you know, yeah, people know Steve Hayes, but you know a lot of other names cuz I'm pushing people forward, etc. Because one decision I made early on, no more gurus. No gurus. We even have in our You get a recognized trainer, we even have in the standards, we don't want you to ever say that you're better able to train than other people because you have that recognition. So, I'm on a rant. You didn't even ask that. And you didn't But, here's here's what I'm saying. Here's what I'm saying. Is that what we're going to do, get centered, Steve. What we're going to do is try to find through Western science the processes that are inside contemplative practice, but not just that, inside things like values and so forth, and come up with things that are as simple as we possibly get it to teach that process. This example is a very simple one that you can do with anyone to teach the process, the discrimination, confusion, and not fusion. And yes, it's the same process that's inside contemplative practice. Other things are, too. I'm not saying that's all of it. I'm not saying this is a substitute for meditation. Not saying that. I'm just saying we need creatively to come up with ways of figuring out the processes are and then figuring out how to target with procedures. That's what my question was. Yeah. Okay. And so, but permit me to do the rant because I do want to kind of understand why it's like this. It's not out of disrespect for the the the wisdom traditions. It's out of the urgent need to put into our world uh the essence of it in ways that can reach everybody. And being guided by science as to what is the essence of it. Okay, so back to this. You get a sense of what diffusion is? You just had it. Hundreds of procedures, once you get it, you can make them up. We In Get Out of Your Mind in Your Life, I even ask normal people to make it up, and they send me things from around the world. You know, there are t-shirts with their difficult thoughts on it and cool stuff like that. Acceptance is simply once you've reined in the problem-solving mode of mind that diffusion leads to of trying to bring a posture of of open interest in emotion, uh sensation, perception. So, it's it and it's a acceptance meaning to receive the gift that's offered. That's the original Latin meaning of it. It's still in English when we say, "Here, will you accept this?" And so, we're trying to It's not tolerance, it's not resignation, it's not wallowing. It's noticing, feeling, and being with your own experience unconditionally when it's safe, you know, at the speed that works for you to open you up to what the content of your experience is and what uh what it may contain. These uh centering processes are flexible attention to the now. It's not just being in the now cuz we're always in the now, but flexible attention to the now. Uh and so, we will do things like teach attentional flexibility. I had a uh talk yesterday where I was teaching people to notice the soles of their feet, their right foot, their left foot, and then both feet. Um very much like noticing the breath, actually, but it's a little more concrete. It's actually something that you can use even with children. It's been shown to be able to use with developmentally disabled children and have an unusually strong impact on things like impulsive uh violence and acting out among developmentally disabled kids. Mindfulness for people who have IQs of 60 and so forth is absolutely something you can do by working on intentional flexibility and doing it in a very concrete way. so you know, we try to catch when people go off into the past or future in a way that's fused. Noticing the past or future in the present is not something that we going to get rid of. That's fine. Noticing your history and thoughts about your history, noticing your plans and thoughts about your plans. That's fine. That's happening in the present, but with a sense of distance so that these thoughts are there and not and um and we're kind of going to try to do it by catching this dimensionless point of awareness. Now, let me take this a little bit on the RFT side since I did more RFT here. I'm by giving myself license to take because of time, I now have created a time problem because because this could go on all day, but um let me do this a little bit about the bottom. We wanted to figure out what the essence of awareness was. You know, the lab was to our this tradition has been pretty bold. We want to go all the way down to what is a word and we went all the way down to what is awareness. What is consciousness? Pretty bold stuff. And the the thing that we're especially focused on at this bottom, the self as context or observer sense of self or perspective taking sense of self, was to try to go into the experience, but then try to figure out what the processes are inside it. These basic cognitive processes. Here's what we discovered. I think you can actually say discovery around it. It was kind of predicted in the earliest uh on ACT and RFT in my very first paper in 1984 called Making Sense of Spirituality in the journal Behaviorism of all places. Email me, I'll send it to you. Or you can get it on any um We had thought it might be composed of and how we know that it is uh these things called deictic relations. Deictic relations are cognitive relations that include perspective taking for them to All right, so let me give you one that you've taught your kids and realized how hard it is to do. Here and there. Uh here and there is hard for kids. Because they're used to things like being called hums and difference and opposite, that all makes sense. And comparison and before and after, that's easy. But here and there because like when I'm here, that's there. But when I go there, that's now here. And here is now there. Or my here is your there, but your here is my there. This is like, could you make up your freaking mind? It's hard for kids to do it. Deictic just means by demonstration. The only way that you can do it is by demonstration. And implicit in it is the perspective or point of view of the speaker and listener. Relational framing is social relationships. It's speaker and listener. That's how hum became this. But here and there is a special form of it where you really you have to keep track of which side of the social relationship is speaking and listening because at the very same moment the speakers and listeners have different perspectives. But through demonstration, kids can begin to get it. The same thing with I and you. That's the first one that comes in. It's an easy one, but little kids get confused about that. If you say, "What did you ate for eat eat for breakfast yesterday?" they might say what their sister ate for breakfast yesterday. They're getting it you're supposed to talk about breakfast, but they don't quite get the I had breakfast part until that's kind of worked out a little bit. I implies you and you implies I. What we mean by I is I in the context of understanding that there's other eyes called you. You with me on this? So we have even words like autism, selfism, right? Autism, that's what it means. Yeah, but it's it's the I-ness that exists not in the context of you. Autistic spectrum disorder kids before you do something about it tend not to have empathy. They have very low perspective taking skills. They don't get You know, and it that theory of mind piece that's there before language sometimes is absent. I mean, I mentioned yesterday, but it's true. Mothers are usually the ones that bring in autistic spectrum disorder kids to the pediatrician and they usually do it saying something like there's something wrong. I say, "Why?" I look at my baby and my baby sees me, but my baby doesn't see me. They can see the reflective nature of consciousness, the I-you-ness. When you see those eyes, you see consciousness there. You're looking at me. No, they don't see that. They see eyes. And they'll learn to respond to the eyes, but it's different. That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about the mutuality of perspective that allows that even an infant to, you know, to give you the toy which says you want it versus put it in the box since mom wants to do the cleanup. That's built out by language. Okay, so here's the deal. We learn I-you in this flexible learn it in one, derive it in two way. We learn here-there in that way and then we learn now-then. That's the last one. And if you've dealt with kids, you know. When data comes home, this is going to doesn't mean anything. Time is just not that important till later on. When you finally get I-you, here-there, now, then, I here now and this shows up. It's between 3 and 5, and infantile amnesia falls away, and now you have this dimensionless strand on which you can put the beads of memory. You, by the way, it's called infantile amnesia because you now have forgotten, you still have learned it. It's still in your system. You can show in behavioral labs we've done it, but you don't have verbal access to it cuz you weren't verbal in that way when it happened. You lose what happened in You know, the the song that my kid could sing by rote when he was 2 years old, when he was 4 couldn't remember. They're gone. Don't you remember there's two, there's four, there's six, there's eight, shunting trucks and hauling freight? Red and green and brown and blue. You know, the Thomas the Train song. No, I don't have no memory of it. But when you go to four, and now you go to even 10 years later, yeah, I remember that. I get it. I mean, you'd forget some. You see what I'm saying? Because you're now putting your memories in the context of the I here now-ness of But now here's a cool thing about it. I here now-ness also involves you there-then-ness. Learn it in one, drive it in two. Cognitive I here now is not autistic I here now. It's a verbally produced sense of I here now. It's not analytical, and it's not like categorical. It's not judgmental. It's a different side effect of language. Why would that matter? Well, here's one thing that matters. People say, "Oh, I don't understand the self as context. It's so hard. I work with my clients, they don't get the observer self, blah blah blah." And I say, "Dude, this is not hard." When you're working with somebody clinically, and you want to bring in this sense of the model of the self as context or working, and you're not getting anywhere, you say something like, "Why don't we just leave the two of us here right at this moment? Can we do that?" Yeah. Okay, come with me. See those two people over there? Don't look like they're making a lot of progress. What do you think they should do? You just did that bottom part of the model. You did person, I became you, and you did place. Here became there. We're working We're bound up. Ah, ah, ah, oh god, I'm going to uh Can we just do something? If you could just sort of sit there. Now, I want you to imagine it's 10 years from now life has really opened up in a magnificent manner or way and you're a lot wiser. And really this moment is now no longer happening. This is in memory. If If you could pass down something across the 10 years that would help that person called you 10 years ago who was sitting there in front of this bald guy doing therapy, what might you want to say to him? You get it? Doing time. We could go back in the drink. I could take you down to being a little kid. Can we bring where this started? How old were you? Can we bring that kid in there? Can you picture what you looked like? You remember what was going on inside? If this could really happen, what would you want to say to him? That's the bottom of the model. RFT helps you because it tells you awareness is I you here there now then. It's not just being aware. It's aware as a result of a constellation of three cognitive processes coming into one dimensionless It's dimensionless because now that I can go across time, place, and person, I can put perspective anywhere, everywhere, always. I can imagine what it's like to be in Bangladesh right now. I can imagine what it'll be like to be 100 years from now dealing with a planet that is overheating as a result of what we're doing right now. And I can care about that. I can put my consciousness anywhere. And spiritual experiences, this is why that first article making sense of spirituality, always have a quality of some sort of transcendence, or on time, place, or person. You just talk to people about spiritual experience that includes oneness. It includes connection. It's somewhat almost melted. I became like I could see. It could could timelessness. And it could spacelessness. You with me on this? Now, this is not I'm not trying to say, you know, like God is the three deictic frames or something. You know, I I but when we pull it at its joints and really deep down to the very basic process, there's now 60 studies or 100 studies on I you here, there, now, then with kids and being able to move it around. I can tell you something clinically that's really cool. If you want to get this more sense of spirituality, could I say that or or or or uh perspective taking? Play around with time, place, and person. And oh by the way, the clinical traditions have done that forever. Put your mother in the chair. What do you think your mother or even just what do you think I'm feeling when I hear that? Be the therapist. You with me on This is a funny talk I'm giving. It's a very unusual I'm not I you know, I I I just two a two-hour talk and it's not two hours. I'm going to rein it in so I've time for questions. Oh God, I've really created a time problem for myself. The last part of psychological flexibility are values, which is simply now being able to choose the qualities of being and doing that I want to manifest in my behavior. Choose, what does that mean? It means selecting among alternatives with diffusion. If you get diffusion, then it's easy. It's not a list of pros and cons. It's not figuring it out. It's I've got lots of thoughts. I've got the the Oz voice talking about what it and I want to be about this. In my qualities of being and doing. Why qualities of being and doing? Because it's the only thing that is motivational that's here now. I'm not interested in like pushing people towards goals and stuff like that. You can have goals inside of values journey, but values journey have this wonderful quality of once I stand and say love is important. Lovingly, I mean all values work. If you can't turn it into an adverb, it's not a value from an act point of view. We're not talking goals. We're not talking I want a million dollars. That's not a value, dude. That's a goal. It could include values. You can do things with money. I'm with you on that. But you can always turn it into an adverb. You can't turn money into an adverb. You can turn love into an adverb. Lovingly, I'll bring my wife the coffee she weighs she likes it even when she was being a jerk last night. And that's committed action. I took a marriage vow. I promised I'd be about love and commitment and honesty and loyalty. All can be turned into adverbs for the rest of my life with you. I promise And it's till you throw me out. Has happened in my life twice. Uh, Uh, that's why I want my third wife. Has nothing to do with me. Uh, that's psychological flexibility. I know I kind of rushed through that last part, but I want to show you some data. Would you let Is it okay to look at some data? And just think about this. I want to go back to this earlier part. The earlier part is we're going to process-based therapy. That's where it's coming. It's a train coming down the tracks. The feds are going to make it happen, whether you like it or not. I like it. I don't like brain circuits. I don't think that's going to work. Neurobiological evidence linked to flexibility and all that kind of good Yeah, sure that'll work. But you don't get it from just pretty pictures of brains. the ACT uh, work, you know, has gone We're hitting 200 randomized trials, almost 2,000 studies on psychological flexibility, relational frame theory, experiential avoidance. The components of ACT, ACT itself. Well, yeah, but this is randomized trials from the night on the carpet, 1981, the first randomized trials, 1986. Nothing. My next one is 2002. You're betting like 16, 17 years of your life on something. What I bet on was this moment, that the time would come when processes matter, and we're going to figure out not just the processes at this highfalutin level of clinical concepts, but we're going to go all the way down to something that's verbal cognitive equivalent of reinforcement. I want something that basic. Reinforcement works in any culture. It's that basic. Relational framing works in any language. It's that basic. Turns out, so does psychological flexibility. We now have 18 studies, different language communities around the world. From indigenous peoples and every So, that's kind of cool. Um, it's transdiagnostic on steroids because of that. You want to run your business better? You want to be better at sports. You want to play chess better? There's randomized trials on that uh with ACT. Uh anxiety, depression, substance abuse, and being able to learn, and being a better clinician, and on and on and on. And I said or it matters the therapeutic relationship. Well, that's easy peasy because therapeutic relationships that work are ones that where you feel accepted, not judged. The person is present with you consciously, your values matter, and we can be together in ways that serve that. If you just think of about the people who lifted you up in your life, who really profoundly lifted you up in your life, they all have those qualities. Think about it. Did you feel profoundly lifted up by somebody who's constantly judging you? Who doesn't accept you for who you really are? Who's uh looking at their watch every time they're around you? You know, how when is this going to end? Who you couldn't actually sense was conscious there with you? Who would override your values without so much of a second thought, and always had to be together in one way, my way or the highway? I guarantee you you did not feel empowered and uplifted by relationships With me on this? So, now here's the thing, the dirty secret of the common core process people, the Bruce Wampolds of the world, you know, the therapeutic relationship is what most matters. I agree. The dirty secret is they can't tell you how to have good ones. I'm sorry, that's not enough. I don't need to know that the relationship is important if you can't tell me how to have good ones. Cuz it turns out that just caring about the relationship can produce dependency. That's not good. So, I can tell you, and we actually have data on it. Here's the data. You take psychological flexibility with your clients, working alliance measures, they both mediate outcomes in ACT. Mediate meaning they're a functionally important pathway to change. You allow those two things to compete for variance in what's functionally important, and the relationship falls out as no longer significant. It's no longer significant. Think about You What now? Huh? The whole thing centered Yeah, it's gone. It's no longer Why? Is that because it's not significant? No. You know this. You get it. It it's not hard. If your client doesn't internalize it, it doesn't matter. If your client doesn't internalize the relationship, the analyst said that they're right. If it's not an internal strength now, you're not going to live with the client. You're only with them an hour a week, maybe. 50 minutes. Yeah, you put acceptance in the room, non-judgment in the room, consciousness in the room, values in the room. If they don't internalize it, it doesn't matter. Does this make sense to you? So, if I take a measure of internalization, I'm now more accepting of myself, just like we were together in therapy, right? When I said I had this weird sexual thought, the client therapist didn't go, "Oh my god, I have to leave." That's you know, if you did that, there's nothing good bad or good is going to happen with that client. But, if you don't, they have to internalize it. If they're going and still doing the same thing, it's not going to be any helpful. You with me in this? So, the relationship is important because it models, instigates, and supports psychological flexibility. Why is that a better way to say it? In the same way that I you here there now then was a better way to say it because now I can do things linked to the underlying process. I can focus on how to instigate, model, and support greater acceptance, non-judgment, conscious flexible attention to the now linked to your values to create habits of action that are linked to your values in my client. I can do it with myself. So, here's the model. This is the therapeutic relationship from an act point of view. I'm working on my flexibility. It's hard for me to hear that. You're saying I'm a bad therapist. That's so hard for me to hear. But don't rescue me. And you're targeting those processes. And you're doing it with those Like if you ever find yourself saying to a client, "You shouldn't be so fused." Just shut up. Cuz you're not going to go after fusion by doing fusion. It's like the Gandhi message. You don't get peace with war. You get war with war. can we So, we have measures that we use with our clients where you ask, "Did you feel deeply accepted for who you were who you are in that session?" "Did you feel judged by your therapist in that session?" We can take at the end of every session. When you come into supervision, we look at the flexibility measures of the space in the therapy. Not of the result on them in terms of flexibility. We measure that, too. You see what I'm what what I'm doing? From it, towards it, with it. You put acceptance in the room from the first moment you see your client. Defusion in the room. So, what does your mind say about that? I mean, even in the way you talk about it, in the way you hold yourself, the way you talk about yourself, and the way you relate to your client, it's defused, accepting, mindful, and values-based. Always. And if it's not always, you bring that space to cleaning up the violation of the always. I just noticed I was doing something kind of judgmental there. I apologize for that. My mind hooked me on it. I'm sorry. You with me on this? What we're doing? Does this make sense? I think it gives you a better guide because I Bruce, you're wonderful, but tell me how to freaking do it. I can tell you how to do it. Put psychological flexibility in the room, put it in your heart and head, put it in your hands, and then try to put it people's lives, and you'll get empowered therapeutic relationships. I think we're going to find that psychological flexibility mediates the therapeutic relationship in other forms, too. Those data haven't been done. We've done it enough in act that we're pretty convinced that it does. What this showed, I'll just tell you what it showed us is that the processes matter, you can use them as components, you can put them in the lab. But here's what I want to show you. Okay, I'm going to only show you this study. That's all. I'm just going to show you one study out of 20 that I have. This was study done at UCLA by Michelle Craske, one of the world's best clinical researchers on the planet, in my opinion. Uh she took her methods, they drawn also from Dave Barlow, my mentor, interoceptive exposure, you know, you know, actually deliberately producing body sensations, etc., plus exposure mixed things anxiety disorders, or we did exposure with an act space. So exposure was values based and willingness and acceptance focused. You can kind of imagine how you'd do that? We don't ever do exposure unless there's something you care about that you're trying to do, and your work is wearing I'm being present and open and diffused while you're doing it. Right? Uh these are the outcomes on psychological flexibility. Up is good, the way it was scored, down is bad. Uh act does better than CBT. They both move psychological flexibility, but ACT's a little better. These are blind clinical interviews of anxiety symptoms in this 100 30 or so mixed anxiety disorders. Uh from pre to post it's identical. From post to follow up 1 year later, it's more than a standard deviation larger in ACT. Now, think about this. This is her methods with her students done in her shop against our methods with supervision by a graduate student, my Jennifer Villatte, calling from 500 mi away. This is like fighting a fight with one hand tied behind my back. Don't be telling me that ACT only works because the proponents are doing the studies. We were willing to do this because I trusted her to do it honestly, and she did. And she published this thing that said, "Oh, by the way, this method out there beat my method by more than a standard deviation, which is my method is gold standard. There's nothing better on the planet. CBT plus exposure, nothing better on the planet for mixed anxiety disorder, for anxiety disorder, I think." More evidence, more studies. That's cool. But here's what's even cooler, I think. Oh, no, I I don't have the slides, but I have to tell you. What's even cooler, I know I'm going late. We now know the moderators. Who are the people that did better? Two things. If in addition to be anxious, you were also depressed, ACT was really powerful for you. If you just were anxious, CBT was just as good. Get it? I mean, that's cool. That's awesome. Here's another mediator. If you thought you could control your difficult feelings, CBT was better for you. If you came in feeling as though you didn't know how to control your difficult feelings." ACT was ready for you. Mediation, we now have 60 mediational studies. When we manipulate psychological flexibility, it's what's functionally important to outcome, not correlational, it's mediational. I can't afford the even 3 minutes it takes to pull those two apart, and I'm not going to do the geek stats. But, let me just tell you, mediation is the single most important finding for any clinician. Because what it tells you is the processes you see change reliably are important to outcome. You want to know that. Because you can't trust praise from your client. They can praise you for you producing dependency. You can't trust symptom change in your clients. Because you can get symptom change suppressively. What can you trust? Healthy processes of change. That's what mediation tells you. We've got more mediational data in ACT than any other approach, bar none. More consistent, literally more studies, more consistent, more outcomes, and fewer processes. We just have six. Really one. Six sides of We now know that this effect was mediated by psychological flexibility in both groups. The reason why you got better outcomes, they didn't move the process as much. That's why. Why didn't they move the processes as much? They weren't targeting the process. It's not in their theory. That's awesome. I'll let that one study stand for the 25 minutes I was going to share with you as to why the earlier part mattered. Why the 16 years in the desert of working out processes, not even at the level of flexibility, but all the way down to what is a word and what is awareness and what is consciousness? Allows us as a community to stand forward and and say to you this work matters and it fits into the zeitgeist that where the field is going. And I predict over time it's not going to be act, it's not going to be act act act act. But psychological flexibility has legs, RFT has legs and when you get into the era of process-based care you're going to be in an era in which you have the freedom to do evidence-based care not by taking, you know, protocols and putting them in the head of people that you shoved in the cubbyholes inside the DSM. But by reading where the human beings are on processes that liberate them and moving those processes that matter. And that's something that a vitalize your work as a clinician and is worthy of a human life. the life of person called a therapist. I hope I've served you and I'll take the five minutes of questions I'm allowed. Thank you for your staying with me.

- Use These SIMPLE TRICKS to Develop Psychological Flexibility & END YOUR SUFFERING | Dr. Steven Hayes: Kind: captions Language: en If you're living inside a cage that's made out of rice paper and I know that it looks real. The bars look real. They're not real. You're a microssecond away from It's only the organ between your ears that's building this. How you doing? I'm doing good and I'm really excited to be here with you. I'm excited too. You have lots of experience, a lot of wisdom, and I'm going to really get in here and pick your brain. I'm looking forward to it. Let's have a conversation. Let's start out a little bit personal getting into your story. I'm curious, you know, somebody that's dedicated their life to, you know, helping other people and within that obviously help your own mental health and and your own challenges you've been through. How old were you at the time when you knew you wanted to become a psychologist? I was in high school actually and and I got to it kind of logically, but underneath looking back is because in my home I think like a lot of psychologists, I'm looking around going, "Oh my goodness." you know, because my mother had OCD and was depressed all the time. My dad was a really hard drinking Irishman and u a lot of anxiety. It wasn't obvious to me at the time it was anxiety. I figured out later that it was he was self-medicating with the alcohol and other things. But in high school, what I realized is that I really cared about the kind of the depth of the human condition. I wanted to understand why. So I you know I was art, literature, stories, all that kind of stuff was important to me and uh and even in college I edited the literary magazine. But on the other hand I thought you know science is pretty progressive in a way that art is not. You know is somebody writing a story today better or worse than Shakespeare? You can't tell but physicists it's easy. So maybe it would make more sense but how could I possibly do that? and I stumbled across psychology said by golly that's a pretty good combo. You can maybe do both and I never wavered. So from whatever 15 16 years old to my now 73 years I've never wavered. This is what I want to do. And it is true as things unfolded I realized how much that was linked to the pain that I saw around me and the pain that I would find within me. But um you know those personal motivations fit with an intellectual idea that the world needed something. I actually have a little motto of the society that I've now helped develop and so forth creating a psychology more worthy of the challenge of the human condition. It's kind of been my personal mission. So at age 15 16 you decide this is the route you're going to take. And you mentioned the mental health challenges your parents suffered from OCD and anxiety at that time. Were you suffering yourself at all? You know, I was just uh stumbling through as a kid and avoiding uh that as much as I possibly could, but some of that avoidance spel spilled over into avoiding it even within myself. And I think the model that I probably had in college and so forth was be successful, be successful, be successful. It was something like that. Successful to do what? I actually tell the story in a TEDex talk of finding myself underneath my bed terrified of what's going on in the other room as I hear crashing and my parents screaming at each other and my dad's drunk and and I'm really thinking like, is there going to be blood when I come out? and and having a thought in my head at 8 years old, I'm going to do something and then realizing if I get out there, I saw my brother almost get hit in the face when he tried to separate the two of them and he was three years older than me at at 11 year old. And so I just cried and huddled underneath the bed. And so those kind of deep wounds, some of those I didn't find until later. That very story I didn't find until I was well into my journey with regard to acceptance and commitment therapy or ACT which is what I'm known for. So at the time I think I was just running as fast as I can and doing things that were logical, reasonable, sensible and pathological. Like most of us we don't come with a rule book. We do what seems sensible. And guess what organ is telling that? It's the one between our ears and that's the one that creates the problem. So, I didn't uh I I had the great good fortune to develop a panic disorder and all of the unhealthy things I was doing to try to deal with an unhealthy situation. Um, you know, thankfully the deities or somebody said, "No, you're not going to get away with that." Maybe just my body said, "No, you're not." And so, um, that's been the story of my life since I kind of my feet hit the ground and I realized that I wasn't gonna avoid it just by achievement and work allism and a lot of grants and publications and no, that's look around you, you'll see a lot of your friends or family are trying to do it that way. It's not viable. you're going to have to slow down and show up and face. It doesn't mean you have to wallow. You know, spend all your time going through the endrails of your history, but you need to take it on board in a way that you can use the difficult parts of your history to produce the kind of life that you really desire to produce at least in terms of what it's about. And that um is kind of the story of the methods that we've put together that I think have uh now with five 6 thousand studies showing that they're helpful. I can sit here and say it's one of the more studied approaches in all the world of behavioral science and it can do good. There's things in here but u yeah that journey was uh complicated. Well, we're going to get into the details of what that looks like and how that can help people, but first, let's continue on your journey a little bit here. And you talked about, you know, the development of your panic disorder later in life, which is really interesting because this didn't really start to affect you until you became a psychologist. So, let's talk about how that started to come on and affect your work and affect your life at that time. you know, when I wrote uh this book, a liberated mind, that's sort of the science story, personal story, kind of a think book, self-help book combination. And I went back and actually tried to reach everybody that I could as far back as I could, old girlfriends, I mean, everybody, and uh had conversations about them as to what was I like back then, what did they see? And what people saw around me was a kind of an odd almost schizoid kind of strange person who didn't respond very much, who was very smart, who worked hard, uh but was um out of sync with u other people in a way. Um one of my old girlfriends said, "You just weren't there." And so I think that was because I dare not be there. Uh but it wasn't thoughtful. I didn't know what I was avoiding. I was just avoiding. I mean, if you do a good job avoiding, you don't know what you're avoiding. I mean, you have to delude yourself. Now, of course, at some level, you know, like I told the story of the little boy under the bed. Well, that showed up later after my panic disorder as I realized. I mean, I could have told you, oh, my parents fought and stuff, but I wouldn't really know how deep that wound go and how terrifying it was to see some of the things I saw as a as an 8-year-old and earlier. But you know as I moved forward and worked work worked got the academic job I'm an assistant professor go go go um you know I ran into a conflicted situation in a department the department I was in uh as I say in the TED talk I had a partic my first panic attack occurred when I was sitting at a department meeting watching full professors fight in a way that only wild animals animal and full professors are capable of. And though the audience laughs, but at the time it was not funny. And it touched me so deeply that out of nowhere I thought, boom, you know, I'm calling for attention and all I want to do is tell him to stop, grow up. You know, what are you doing here? You know, you're fighting over nothing. And uh instead when the fi finally the attention turns to the young untenured assistant professor, you know, my mouth opened and closed like a a goldfish on the table. I literally couldn't even make sound come out of my mouth because my heart was going about 180 beats a minute and I felt like I was going to pass out. And and so the whole group kind of turned to me and looked and in my mind it went out for like five minutes. I probably went on I actually asked one of my colleagues who years later did do you remember this? Did you notice it? She said I think I remember something that kind of happened like that. Rosemary Nelson, my closest closest colleague, a famous psychologist in her own right. She I think I remember kind of but we just thought you were you know your heads choked up or you know but no I thought I had completely humiliated myself you know like and so within minutes of leaving that department meeting I'm thinking about how can I avoid this? How can I make sure it doesn't happen again? What do we need to do so that it well of of course that's logical but it's pathological because that's not the solution to anxiety that is anxiety now your own emotions are your enemy and it can happen anywhere and if it does your whole world might end excuse me hello you've got yourself in a position where you got a gun to your head saying relax or I'll shoot you nobody knows how to pass that best. If I actually put you in that actual situation, it's a metaphor now used in ACT, wired you up to a polygraph and asked you to do that, you'd fail. Of course you would. Because at the first little sign that something's going on, you'd go, "Oh my god, I'm going to be shot." Well, of course, if something really bad is about to happen, what is your body's set up to do by, you know, half a billion years of evolution? well, to fight, to run, to flee. Um, and some other things in mammals actually, if it's dampened down enough to connect with some of the same wiring that has us do this happened later in evolution, lizards don't have it, mammals do. Maybe a smile, you know, because we are relying on the good of others to protect us when we're in danger. We're the social primates. But back on story uh to my mind at the time this came completely out of the blue. And u but by putting my full effort to it I was able to make it an all-encompassing packet disorder in only three years. I did a good job. I mean I really did it. I couldn't get on elevators. I couldn't answer the phone. I couldn't go to a restaurant. I couldn't go to a movie. I couldn't leave my house. I couldn't. And in the TED X talk, I tell the story of eventually I couldn't sleep confident that I wouldn't wake up at right in the middle of the night already in a panic attack. So, it got to the point where I had nowhere else to go. And um the final final final one of that was thinking I was having a heart attack in the middle of the night. and almost calling the ambulance and then realizing with a horror almost in a dreamlike state, this is just another level down of hell. And uh I didn't see any way out. And then somehow magically in that pretty long moment, sitting cross-legged on the floor at 2:00 in the morning, uh I found a way in. And that's been what I've been pursuing for the next 40 years. And turns out if you really do a good job of chasing that, it's a pretty good guide to a lot of important things that we all faced. And uh not just in mental health, but physical health, diet, exercise, sleep, all that. Not just that. Social wellness, not just that. I mean, I saw people won gold medals at the Olympic not too long ago using ACT coaches. So, ACT is uh has we're coming up on 900 randomized control trials in every area that you can possibly mention. And that's not because one sizefits-all, but it's because your mind is with you everywhere you go. And if you don't know how to put your mind on a leash, to use what's good about it, and to know how to put a little separation between yourself and that wonderful, awesome, awful organ between your ears. Uh, good luck because you're like driving a really fast car without having a steering wheel or brake. Well, Steve, you can't just leave us hanging there. You You took us in the story to the point where you thought you were having a heart attack. you're sitting on the floor. This is rock bottom for you. Talk about what you did at that point and how you began to turn it around. It sounds spooky, but you know, it turns out something like 98% if you ask the question right of the human population have had spiritual experiences, sudden periods where there's an expansion of time, place, and person. I don't go spooky on it. I don't think it's, you know, literally what it says it is, but it's just an altered state in which new things happen. And um we know a little bit about that actually. You the narrative sense of self, which emerged only with human language, which is between 100 and a thousand times more recent than the basic learning systems that you share with lizards etc. Those learning systems evolved during the Cambrian period, which is half a billion years ago. What you and I are doing right now, the chimps didn't do because you can't get them to do the simplest things that your 12-month old baby does that we know. And this is underneath ACT. I I really spent the time even to develop a theory of language and cognition that now has several hundred studies around it that can save your kid if it doesn't have if your kid doesn't have language and is on that's another story. But we know how to take kids and walk them into a different sense of self and so forth. But this new kid on the block, you know, called language clashes into these old versions in such a way that you can even show it neurobiologically. What you think's going on and who you think you are will filter out even the things that are happening at your fingertips or in your back of your retina or, you know, we're actively filtering out our sensory motor information. and we don't even know the world we're living in cuz we're living inside a story. That's the kind of creatures we are. And anyway, when that breaks down, whether we're talking psychedelic therapy or, you know, you've run it out and you hit bottom or something, uh, you know, an illness, lots of spiritual experiences come from lots of places. Um, I had an out-of- body experience in which I caught that there was a voice inside me telling me to run, fight, flee, hide from myself. And I kind of turned on it. I caught that I was aware of that. Well, if I was aware of that, then I'm not that. I contain that. I hold that. I have that. But it doesn't mean I am that. That's available to anybody listening to me in the simplest way. You just take what you're doing right now and then notice who's noticing. I mean, normally we don't because it flitters away as soon as you do that because when you are looking. So, you've probably had a conversation. I'll get back to the that moment. I want to make it more normal because it sounds so spooky. But you've had this experience where you're having a conversation with somebody and then you suddenly notice that you're having the conversation while you're having the conversation. A part of you almost stands aside and notices that you're having the Some of you have noticed that you're noticing that you're having the And there's probably even a few lunatics who've noticed that you're noticing that you're noticing that you're having the conversation. It's an infinite regress because that part of you can't be really looked at. It's the part of you that looks from. So when you catch it, it just moved one step back and you're now looking at it when it it'll just do like two mirrors lined up. So it's an infinite regress. But back into the story, you know what actually happened when I caught it is I turned and basically said no. I said out loud. I remember the words. I think I can get them almost exactly word for word. I'm pretty sure I said it out loud. I was sitting on the floor. I spent when I wrote this book months finding where it was. Turns out it was the floor of my girlfriend's house at the time. And I said, "I don't know who you are to the voice within, but apparently you can make me hurt. You can make me suffer. But I'll tell you one thing you can't do. You can't make me turn from my own experience. You can't do it." I'm saying that voice cuz that's the voice that came out. It was like you are not me. Now I've come to believe yeah it is me. It's contained within me. It's part of the journey. But in another sense yes that's right. You are not me. The whole of me or this bowl that holds all the things that are put in it. The trauma I saw in my house or the memories of my experiences. Like anybody listening to you to me right now, you're not totally defined by those things. You're the one that gets to decide how they play out. What storyline are you writing in your moment right now? You don't get to decide your history. Your history's done and gone. That moving finger has written. Yeah. And so I stood up, having sat cross-legged on the floor long enough that even as a young man, it was really hard to stand up. I remember that. And I could feel the kind of burning tracks of tears on my face and with a with an oath, you know, never again. I will not run from me. So instead of running away, I turned and ran towards and um that's changed my life completely. My life is and now we know I mean there's I don't know five, six, seven million act books in print right now. If you do the normal multiples there's probably 20 million people around the world who've been affected by it. There's 100,000 trained ACT clinicians around the world. There's 5,000 or so studies and the World Health Organization distributes ACT in 18 languages and the Centers for Disease Control are reorganizing their smoking programs to make it more act consistent and on and on it goes. You know, the 40 years later, it's the overnight overnight sensation. It took 40 years to produce. But I don't say that in a prideful way just all about me. There's a large community. I don't even allow people to say I developed act. I will they can say I instigated it, but a whole community developed it over 40 years and they've added lots of interesting and wonderful things and that wheel and still is still in spin. We're chasing it. We're trying to figure out what are the processes that liberate people. What are the ones that lead them into a culde-sac? We're the ones that liberate him and get out of this sick place that we've been of you have a diagnosible disorder, which is mostly, excuse my friends, And it's crushing people, not supporting people in my opinions, inviting them to crawl inside a clown suit and live inside a category. And yeah, it's about something that's real, but let's find the tools that empower people and help them walk out of the hell that's being pointed to by those categories and not live inside those categories, which are a very rough sitting fitting suit for reasons we might get into. Well, let's take some time and get really granular here. You used a term and stated that you decided to instead of going out, you decided to turn in. So, I'd love for you to explain what you did there and what you mean by that. Well, we now know I mean the the most pathological things known in human psychology if you had to pick just two uh it would be avoidance and dominance by verbal rules. I can show you the basic studies in which that's been looked at. But you know, avoidance is a really tricky strategy because once you get into it, especially if it's guided by a rule, so it doesn't have very much variability around it. Like non-human animals, there's always a little bit of variability around what they do. But human beings can get really rigid. If I told you if you open that closet behind you, turns out there's a really deadly virus in there, man. And no matter what you do, you're dying. If you ever ever ever open that door, no matter what you're wearing, you're going to die instantly. If you believed me, you'd never open the door again. Ever. There wouldn't be any variability. You There's no animal model of that. None. You would think like great pain. No, they still check it out. And they need to because sometimes things change. And even if you barely escaped the lion on that savannah last time, maybe there's really some great food there this time. So there's always some variability, but human beings can lock it down so there's none. Now you connect that to avoidance. And you know there's the old joke of why you're putting a banana in your ear and to keep the elephants away and they say there's no elephants here and they say see it works. It works. You probably know people in your own life who are playing that combination. Rule-based avoidance. Oh, I just don't do that. What? I can't ride a bike ever. No. Wh why? I'm too old to learn. Next thing you know, you're, you know, like fun things that you want to do with your family or with your f there's all these things. No, no, I can't. I'm not going. And it tends to grow, not stay the same. There's that joke of, you know, old dogs can't learn new tricks. And do you not see that rigidity sometimes in your friends as as they begin to feed that avoidance? Avoidance. Avoidance. Well, once you do avoidance now linked to your own psychology, so that you're not avoiding the closet door, you're not avoiding that situation. You're avoiding this thought, this feeling, this memory, or this emotion. Uh, hello. Hello, my friend. You have now plugged your finger into the wall socket because where are you going to go that your history doesn't go? If you have a thought that goes like, I can't think that thought. Uh, what thought? That thought. That's the thought. Do you see the problem? If you had a rule saying, "I can't think." Now, there's a long underline because it's not specified yet, right? You can't think what you dare not say. Cuz you know, if you do, that's the thought. you and now are just a microssecond away. How does OCD happen? That's how it happens. You know, everybody take OCD so-called I mean it's it's back into mental health disorder and it's okay but but that core feature of OCD that self-amplifying loop around let's say obsessive thoughts. Do you know that all children go through that? It's right in our thing and don't step on a crack. you're going to break your grandmother's back. We play with it right about the time the magic of language shows up and you start fearing that by a thought you can hurt others. I play around this. I used to do this in workshops but now I don't anymore because it feels so evil. But I would I would say you don't think that still applies to you? Okay, stand up and say out loud, I really really hope over the next two hours and then pick somebody you love very dearly. say their name and say, "I hope they die." No one will do it. Oh, you're so adult. No, you're still there with What do you think it's magic? You think like like the words go through the ether and then your grandmother dies? Yes, you do. You think that. That's how primitive we are. That's how new this tool is. Well, if you try to avoid your thoughts, your memories, your feelings, your bodily sensations, you've now grooved another little neurobiological route to that very thing you say you want to avoid. So now you have to avoid the reminders of the things that would you know uh what and what happens then is that the network gets spans and what the steps you have to take to avoid get larger and larger. In my three-year spin down into panic disorder uh you know I'm still a psychologist a clinical psychologist. I'm seeing clients during this per period, you know, hanging on, you know, to the side of the chair to keep from running out the room because of course I'm having panic attacks during the therapy sessions. And if the client started talking about their anxiety, I would get like waves of anxiety. Yeah. But as it went along, if you if they started talking about how relaxed they were, I'd go, "Oh, yeah, that's great. Relax. That I wish I was relaxed. Relax would be better than than this, better than this anxiety, better than this. So now relax. I mean, if I say hot, what do you think? Cold. Cold. Of course. So, you know, it isn't just association. People have been trying to build a theory of language based on association. Like a chalk on this hand, went into that hand. So that form and space connects things things that are connected either because they look similar or they occur together. No, the brain doesn't work like that. It's a relational network. So any I can say opposite, different, better than etc. So any possible relation can link you to it. Do you know if can I just to think of how how many combinations are possible that can get you into trouble once you start to want to avoid I I have a little talk I just gave where I was walking through how many different combinations there are of shuffling a deck of cards and it's one with 67 zeros after it. You might as well say infinite. This is one deck of cards. If you well shuffle a deck of cards, the sequence you're looking at has never happened before in the history of the universe and never will again when you do the math. It's impossible. Well, there's more than 52 things in your head. And you don't just relate them like you do a deck of cards of next to. You can relate better than uh cause of and you can do it in anything. I I do an exercise sometimes. I'll just pick two things and I've got it here now in my I picked up my glasses and my pen. How is this the father of this? Easy. I maybe I drew the design. How is this the father of this? Oh, by wearing it, I could see it. But I could have said better than. I could have said bigger than. I said, "So, how many relations do you have?" Well, you have scores. How many things are in your head? Not 52 cards. So, here's what we might as well say. Once you start playing the game where you're going to run away from your own history, there's an infinite, you might as well say that that way, number of possible routes to that thing that you're trying to avoid. How are you going to manage that? Answer is you don't don't play that game. That's a game you will lose. But the mind doesn't know that. The judgmental mind says, "Hey, treat my thoughts the way I had dirt on the floor." It's not the same thing. I can vacuum the floor, but I can't vacuum up my history, you know, short of brain injury. So, we don't know as human beings. We don't come with a a rule book, but we've developed one through behavioral science that is cutting edge enough, processored enough, careful enough, slow enough. it's taken 40 years still moving that uh if you were to read that book that's over my shoulder you'll see a science story that's pretty darn interesting and then the third part of the book says basically it applies to everything and I'm sorry for the what sounds like self-praise but it does all right well a lot there so somebody who is feeling like they're overwhelmed by their thoughts right now and whether it be you know just general thoughts day-to-day or specific thoughts. You know, you've painted a pretty grim picture. Where do we begin? A counterintuitive thing, but it's actually quite simple. It's easy to understand. It's easier to do. And in fact, you already know it because you've learned by trial and error that some of these things help, but the relational engine in between your ears doesn't know it. Uh or it knows it under your special circumstances. You know, if you were to see a sunset tonight, you'd say, "Wow." You wouldn't say, "God, it needs a little more pink." You'd just say, "Wow." If you were to have a crying child in front of you talking about some unbel unbelievable horror, you'd say, "Wow." You wouldn't say, "Hey, dude, you're buming me out." So, you know, sometimes you observe it, describe it, and appreciate it. You know, to sometimes say things like, "How pink?" or that's sad. Well, can you apply that kind of observe, describe period period? How could you do that? We call them diffusion methods in the area of thoughts, acceptance methods, and non-attachment methods in the area of emotion. But I'll give you an example of somebody's got a thought right now that they're really, really, really, really struggling with. distill it down to words or a picture if you think of pictures, but let's do words because it's a little easier to talk about in words, which is what we're doing right now. I'll give you uh three things that you can do. Imagine that these words came from um a tool that you got called your mind. Give your mind a name and thank your mind for being able to produce that wonderful thought, that interesting thought, that creative or horrifying thought. Thank you, George, for telling me, "My life is meaningless." There'll be a tiny tiny tiny gap between you, the whole person you are, and that part of what you're doing. If you quick say, "Hey, no, is that self soothing? Is I feel better?" No, no, no, no. That's the same game, dude. Don't pull it into this game. This game is a different game. It's the game of observing, describing, and appreciating. Period. End of story. Uh, here's another one. There's give your mind a name and be thankful. After all, sometimes you need it. Sometimes you need that like, how do I fix this car? Should I buy a Tesla stock? I mean, there's lots of things where you want that analytic, judgmental, comparative, evaluative mode of mind. But are you an okay person? Did you have the right childhood? Are your emotions acceptable? Excuse me, it doesn't belong there. What belongs there is, wow, how pink. Like, wow, I'm feeling anxious right now. My body is uh acting this way and my heart is going that way. I wonder what's going on. Great. All fine. The anxiety has to go away or else not fine. So the the mind doesn't know how to put itself on a leash. You have to do that. It's just a tool. It's not all of you. For goodness sakes, the dang thing's only a couple hundred thousand to 2.8 million years old. We know that because the language trained chimps don't do it. And that's when we split off from them. Your dog doesn't do this. Your dog's perfectly happy if you feed it, you pet it, it's they're not have a disease, they have the right temperature and shelter. Do you have these things? Probably most of you. How come you're the ones of all creatures on the planet going? Cuz you got this clash between this evolutionary reason thing. So give your mind a name. Here's another one. Distill it down. A classic one. Distill it down to a single word and say the word out loud fast at least once per second for 30 seconds. Just do it. Sounds crazy. Just do it. There's something like 30 studies on this. In 30 seconds, the believability of that and the distress produced by it plummet. Why? Because for just a second that sound but you arbitrarily related to events. I mean this is a pen but pen is not this. When you're thinking you're not actually experiencing what your thoughts are about. It seems like it. You can go so far into it you almost lose consciousness. You ever been driving a car and you wake up and you've been in a daydream for like five minutes. It's a miracle you're still on the road. I mean, you can disappear into it totally and you when you want to when you're reading a book, watching a movie, when it's safe, all good, wonderful thing. Or when you're imagining worlds that have never been or solving complex problems, creativity, art, all the kinds of wonderful things, but don't let that wild horse just ride without rains because it can ride you off the edge of a cliff. And so there's another one, word repetition. And we were the first to test it. Uh, one of the fathers of American psychology, Titner, developed it a 100 years ago. We were the first to use it for clinical purposes. Here's another one. I bet you that thought that's bothering you has been going on a long time. I bet you it's not just brand new, at least thematically. Can you find it even in your childhood thoughts like that that were really hard and scary and difficult? I bet you can. Okay, picture yourself as a young child when things really were getting a little difficult or when you were having the thought that maybe you're not good enough, maybe you're not going to succeed or deep deep down there's something wrong with you or that actually you're not to be trusted or you're a liar, you're a pervert or whatever the thing is, something showed up when you were young. I bet you that said you're not going to belong. You're not going to be in the group. There's something wrong. probably at least in some form you're not good enough something and this thought penetrates you probably because of that picture yourself at that age really take the time to imagine like it's right in front of you your goofy hair the goofy clothes everything try to remember what you sounded like and now take these thoughts that are bothering you and while you're here looking at that kid have him or her say in their little voice. And if this were actually happening, what would you do? And I bet you you wouldn't slap him upside the head and say, "What's the matter with you? Why do you do that to yourself now? Where did you stop deserving compassion? Some of these thoughts you came by honestly. Some of them people told you or you heard or and some of them were because you didn't know. I mean it was young. You didn't know how to put together. You didn't come with a rule book. You didn't know how to do it. So those are three. But there's about 200 at last count. And once you get the spirit you can create your own. You know, people wear t-shirts saying deep down there's something wrong with me. And they go to the fair. You know, uh people sing their depression opera. You know, they'll bring their friends in to sing it together to get the harmonies just right about how awful things are and on it goes. And it's not ridicule. That's why this little kid thing, I put it in there. It's not ridicule. It's peeling this language monster that's up on your face off it enough that you can see it and hear it and use it without it becoming kind of I'm not having any thoughts like a helmet on your head guiding you and pulling you around invisible to your own consciousness. And when it comes to using these tools again you gave us a few there that we could we could use in our own life. Do you find when you're working with with clients a lot of times they can take that too far and this could become, you know, something that they get involved in through their productive hours? Like what I'm getting at, can this become a problem in and of itself to avoid that? And to avoid that, do you recommend taking like specific blocks of time and doing these exercises? Well, the psychological flexibility has six processes to it. If you only do one and do it to excess, you'll create problems with yourself. And furthermore, you can't fully do it. You can't really do what we really mean and what the data show. One of the things that's weird about this concept, although it has six very discreet aspects, and you would expect that they would sort of kind of be independent, we've done so many studies to show that to not to show, but to see and and it and the and the story keeps coming back over and over again. They're not independent. They're interlin. And so the metaphor I always use is that it's like six sides of a box. It's just one box, but it has six sides. If you pull three or four sides out of a box, you don't have a box anymore. If you weaken these things enough, they no longer work the way that they're meant to work as sides of a box. They're just squares on the floor. And in the same way, take the one I just said. If you had an obsessive focus on diffusion methods on getting a little distance between your not defensive distance, that's another process. getting a little distance of between the awareness part of you and the thought itself. Um that won't be enough to carry you forward in your life because you could do that for example to try to dampen down your emotions. Now you got the same problem over there and there's a whole set of methods inside what we've developed how to open up feel notice sense and actually deepen your emotions even the difficult ones. Why? because they're all useful. You can't name an emotion that's not useful. Name one. Not only that's not useful, you pay to produce it. You ride roller coasters. Yes, you do. You go to horror movies. You do. You buy tearjerker novels. You do. You watch television shows that are full of embarrassment humor. I know you do. I mean just look at what is really is there any any emotion that doesn't have a role in your life that's important? Of course not. Why would they be here? Why would they exist? They wouldn't have evolved if they didn't have a role. So the problem is when you're running from them or when you're clinging to the positive ones which then crushes them and eliminates them. Hanging on to happy is not happy. You know either of those rigidity processes no longer let emotions do what they should do. They should come and go to inform you of how what's going on in the present moment is connected to your history so that you can orient and use them as proper guides and emotion and and motivation. If you're going home with an unsafe guy and you have a sexual abuse history, you want to feel nervous. If you dampen down enough, you don't even know because that history is so horrific. I can't go into that abuse. It's tantamount to saying, "Okay, I'll solve this problem of pain in my fingers by cutting off the nerves to my fingers." Well, when that happens, what do you think's going to happen? You're going to get your fingers caught in door jams, and you won't even know it. You put them in a fire. You know, people who get leprosy, that happens, and they literally have their fingers in a fire, and they won't know it because they can't feel them. They're just things. and they lose not just by the necrotic process of leprosy but by the injuries that happen when you can't feel. It's horrible not to feel. So that's emotion. But as we spin around, we got six more. I can simplify it and then we can explore them and then I'll answer your question. We need to learn to be more open. That means more emotionally and cognitively flexible. We need to be more aware. That means attentional flexibility in the moment guided by this witnessing noticing consciousness. And we need to be actively engaged. Meaning that our life's moments are deployed in the service of our deeply held and deeply chosen values. What we really want to be about in our life, open, aware, and actively engaged. You will naturally put this in balance. your question about let's say diffusion skills. If they're doing going to excess, they'll start interfering with a valued life. instead of hugging your kids and, you know, going to the lake and buzzing around in your boat and reading that novel and writing that story and preparing for that podcast and whatever it is you have to do that's of importance to you in your life, you're over there doing, you know, word repetition. So yeah, you could use these tools to ex excess, but if you do that, you know, you flip their purpose and you won't do that if you can keep the whole. And those six features, those six sides of a box fit together. Values and committed action is what makes sense of why you need mindfulness and emotional openness. Otherwise, it's some goofy emotional wallowing or some weird new form of self soothing and you find yourself things you like meditators in the west who've lost their way because they ripped it away from the values and committed part of the meditation traditions finding themselves things saying things like you take care of the kids I got to go meditate you know that didn't exist on the planet until we created western selfish version of mindfulness. Thank you very much. Um, so yeah, I agree with you strongly and I think you look around you see it. Uh, you see it especially I just picked one that's a horror show what we're doing with mindfulness right now. You know, we're actively turning it into some distorted weird spooky self-destructive selfish thing. I mean, not in general, not all of us, but you can see it. You can see it out there. When it comes to negative emotions, negative thoughts, at what age does that typically start within kids? Um that's a pretty neat question because you know underneath ACT is this relational frame theory which basically says lang human language and cognition comes by learning uh relating and being able to apply it to anything. Um that's a wonderful tool but it's kind of a a wild horse. So you know uh the Being able to have a name for something and then know without training that that thing is goes by that name happens in the 12 to 16 month period. That one thing already radically changes your world. How do we know that? Well, you can predict the or and understand the functions of behavior if they have, you know, children who have odd forms of behavior and so forth, development, delayed, etc. until that moment happens. You can go from about 80% of what kids are doing before that time are either to access things that are sensory fun to avoid things to get attention uh to to avoid tasks. When you get that one thing of just birectionality of of words meaning something, it goes down to only about 30% of the kid's behavior can be predicted by those simple functions of uh of secondary gains, sensory stimulation, avoidance or attention, task avoidance or attention. Well, as you then add to it, it gets more and more. So to ask your answer your question getting that simple but two-way street into networks that's happening around 18 months to 22 in there putting it out into whole sentences and understanding metaphors jokes etc in that 2 to three year period by the time you get to three I'll just use this as a marker three-year-olds commit suicide one-year-olds don't never ever. Not a single example in the history of the universe. It's not possible. They have to imagine a future it's never been. I'll be better off dead. You can't do that. Begins three and four years old. The first act book starts with these words. This is written in 1999, almost uh 20 years after we started developing it. That's how slow we went to make sure we were coming out with something that was worthwhile. A six-year-old girl, this New York Times, six-year-old girl threw herself in front of a train today. Authorities said her mother had died of a terminal illness. You know how short a six-year-old is. You know what they look like. You know how sweet and innocent they are. Yeah. But they already have the capacity to say, "I would rather be with mama in heaven than to live this next breath. And I would rather die a horrific death by being run over by a subway." Think about it. That's how primitive this thing is. We're We're the creatures, the only ones that could have everything. That person could be warm, cuddled, held, and eaten an ice cream cone and still leap because that little relational engine will give that simple problem. If then better. This if then better. Problem solving. This what? Life without mama. If then die in front of train better. Happy with mama, suffering without. That's all you need to solve a problem. And three-year-olds can begin to solve verbal problems, but that means they can make themselves a problem. Of course. Crazy. Or where this becomes really interesting and practical is somebody who's listening or watching right now and they have young children. How do they facilitate in them at the proper age the tools to go about handling those negative thoughts as they begin to invade their minds? And it's not just hanging negative because careful, you can cling to positive. And clinging to positive will have some of the same downside. If you've ever been around a narcissist who thinks they're great, great great and they've made the world great again or whatever. This is not an appealing place to be. Most people don't feel when you're around clingers. You probably know people who are Ms. Sunshine no matter what. If you're had something really bad happen to you, that's the last person on earth that you want to call because that's not real, right? So yeah, negative thoughts, but be careful because that's the problem solving mind. When you're solving a problem, you have to evaluate. That's that comparison thing. This is better than that, right? Then therefore, I need to get rid of the bad stuff. It wouldn't occur to you, I need to not cling to the positive stuff. No, that's true. And when it comes before you get into that, how often would the positive stuff become a problem versus the negative? How common would that be? negative is more dominant. But I think you look around the world right now around the world right now, I'd say, boy, clinging to the positive is pretty darn problematic. In part because we got these little, you know, computers in our pocket and and we're only a microcond away. And believe me, the tech folks know how to milk this from a little uh serotonin pop. You know, you you can cling to the positive in the form of video games or distraction or porn or you you tell me. I mean, it could be a a gazillion things, right? So, I think we've created this world that kind of looks in some ways although the kids are getting I think I can see them getting tired of it and I can see them beginning to rebel against it. It starts feeling to me and I'm old enough to remember this is more like the 60s where we are right now and I hope the kids have the wisdom to lead us out of it at least to a degree. But back on the point you were raising you know every parent who ever existed has had the thought, I wish they knew what I knew. You know, could you just put your wisdom into your kids' heads so that they wouldn't make all those stupid mistakes? Because life itself will teach you. It'll beat you about the head and ears until you learn it. That you know, avoiding, fusing with your thoughts, pretending, uh, mindlessness, not you know, letting your values go, not oring your behavior towards it. All those things are train wrecks. You can I I actually have ways of asking it. You can see that every single person knows that. I'll explain that if you if you want to explore it quickly with a study we just finished. But unfortunately, telling your kids what to do is very close to just feeding them with more rules, some of which they need to learn how to back up from and allow to be there, but use when it's useful and not when it's not. And so, you're not going to be able to tell your kids to do it. What are you going to be able to do? Well, maybe you can put some things in their lives like it's not a bad thing to produce put some mindfulness skills in your kids and there's ways of doing that and whole school systems are doing that. They don't call it mindfulness because people freak out because it sounds too religious and I'm down with that. I say don't call it mindfulness. Monks have fought over that word. How about this calling it situational awareness? How about just kind of showing up before we get going? And you know, kindergartens that your kid are going to probably have some little sessions like that because it's going into our educational system. Well, so can values. So can emotional flexibility. So can perspective taking skills and attentional skills. I mean, there are literally whole school systems that have required ACT courses as part of their school system. And not just in the educationally disturbed or on or spectrum or emotionally dist excuse me, emotionally disturbed or uh kids on the spectrum. U my colleague Mark Dixon has entire school systems in Illinois that have ACT classes at our medical school here at UNR. Every medical student has taken an ACT class. Why? because they've tested it out and they know that it helps with burnout and with dealing with stress and with so yeah, you can probably put it into your kids, but here's the single bis best way to do it. Put psychological flexibility into your heart, your head, and your hands. How do we know that? If a big storm happened here and some tragedy happened and the tornado ripped it up and some people died, some people in that community are going to get the PTSD. We know that, right? Anything horri school shooting, whatever, an aftermath, they're going to develop long-term trauma qualities that lives underneath that categorical label. Who among the children will do that? We have longitudinal data now on at least four or five studies where we just happen to have had a whole bunch of kids measured and a tragedy happened, a school shooting happened. Not because they planned it, just happened or tornado ripped through town, something. Yeah. Here's the answer. The parents who are psychologically inflexible now have kids with trauma. They're watching you. They're learning from you. You are modeling. If you're the one who says, "No, no, I can't do that. That'll make me too afraid." You just taught your kids something. If you get hooked in front of them or you get into an argument between the two of you, you as say parents about who's right, you know, you really play that fusion card. You know, the big positive Benny in inside relational networks, inside our cognitive system is being right and looking good. You play that card over and over again in front of your kids. Guess what they're going to do? listen to him in the back seat. Mommy, that's all right. He didn't do it right. You know, they'll start fighting about who's right. Rahm Hari, a famous uh philosopher at Oxford, went out to the schoolyard in preschool and looked at what caused fights on the schoolyard and the single most common fight. You would think who got the toy? Who got to be the one who got to kick the ball? Who didn't? Nope. The single most common fight on the schoolyard in preschool is who's right. And if you don't know what I'm talking about, listen to your next staff meeting about what's going on. Your next business meeting, you know, these kids grown up are still playing it and it's ripping up their systems. You're not going to have a successful work team playing it that way. But when you go home, it rips you up. But it's logical, reasonable, sensible. It's just pathological. It's the mind without a leash. So parents, if you really love and care about your children, start with yourself cuz they're watching. Doesn't mean you have to be God's gift to psychological flexibility. Boy, am I not. Ask my wife. But it means you need to know that it's important and to cycle back and to keep working on it. and excuse me, you're not God's gift. But at the edge of growth, you can show your kids, this is hard for me. I have a lot of thoughts like, I can't do this. I'm not good enough. I failed in the past. But I'll tell you what, I'm going to give it a try. I'm going to get on that zipline. I'm terrified. When I get at the bottom, I'll tell you if it maybe you can do it. Do you see what I'm saying? Where there's opportunities being open and Leading by example. Exactly. And you know we are horrible predictors. You know those data that we predict how will you feel if the pregnancy test you're about to be given in the next 30 seconds come out positive or negative. And they do the ratings and it correlates with how they then feel after they get the results approximately zero. You're living inside a story. You don't know what's going on. You're not the Nobel Prize winner in psychology. You're just a person. Most of the stuff in your head that you're so certain about is bull. It's just stuff. Push the edges out and see. I use the example of a zipline because it came to me in a fragment of memory of being in New Zealand, which they were kind of athletic freaks there. I mean, they just have bungee jumps and zip lines everywhere. I don't know why, but they just do. and um here's this big mountain and you can get on the zipline and I'm terrified of it. And I said, "Let's do it. I'm doing it." You know, it was like that night on the carpet. You know, I'm turning the opposite direction. My reverse compass, my mind's screaming, "Don't do it." So, I'm doing it. When they pulled the latch, if you've ever done a zipline, you know this moment. And suddenly you're spinning really fast down way out of over space. This long thing down. The only thing that I could say wasn't or how horrible it was. Wee. It was wonderful. Instantly. Instantly. Well, that's how stupid I am. I've lived for like decades without taking zip lines. Why? What an idiot. No, it's just how the mind works. It doesn't know what it doesn't know. So, it tells you that it knows and it doesn't and then you do it and then you live a narrower life. So, you know, how can we push out on the edge of this expanding balloon and challenge ourselves to be the full free human beings that we are to have the power that is actually within us to choose our life story not the elements of it. You could have a cancer diagnosis tomorrow. But the theme of it, you get to choose. Are you on a hero's journey or are you right in a tragedy? Steve, as you tell that story about ziplining, pushing yourself, and and enjoying the experience, it got me thinking about physiological changes in the brain when we push. So, let's talk about what happens when we take on that challenge. Decide, you know, I'm not going to let my mind take control of me here. I'm going to push through and do it anyway. What happens in the mind over time? Well, you know, there's really primitive systems. Part of is a veagal system. Ste's work is really central there. And we have two different veagal systems. It's called veagal because the nerve wanders. It's kind of hard to track through the body. Each person has a different route, but it's the one that sort of links these kind of threat kind of experiences to what your body then does and and what your reactions are. And the more primitive veagal system leads to kind of freezing or running as fast as you can or fighting. We have a veagal system that also links over to social connection. You know the very nerve that can lead us to get energized to really run etc. also projects over into our face for example. It will it links over to our capacity to smile. It's fascinating. Here's what the deep message of that is. We are the the social primates who know how to produce safety in a different way. We can produce it by connection, by belonging, by community, by meaning. And when you do that, things that you face that are painful or difficult or frightening or threatening, you don't have to freeze. You don't have to run. You don't have to fight. You don't have to hide. You don't have to flop on the floor and fail. All those f-words. You can ground yourself in that moment and connect in consciousness to the larger community you're part of. And you can create safety by opening up to the difficult thoughts or feelings or memories and connecting in consciousness with others. Put this into a values-based frame where you can learn from it and use it. That's like an instant transformation. It's like that's why I call in that book I call, you know, how to pivot towards what matters because you take the energy that would normally lead to running or fighting or etc. and you channel it now in a new direction. The energy is not your enemy. Energy is good. You're activated. Let me give you a few examples. Let's say I have a really negative emotion, negative thought, and and you want to run from it. Okay, flip it over. Let's say I had a magical thing where I could just go and that would all disappear. Okay, but before you take advantage of this little button, if you push, I'll give you the magical I want you to notice that on the other side of that there are things that you care about. Pick an emotion. Let's say embarrassment, humiliation, fear of rejection. I'm not good enough. I won't be wanted in the group. Okay? Like you've done something, you betrayed something, you've done something horrific, everybody laugh, you know, maybe what you've done is laughable. Something like Flip it over. What does that suggest you care about? What what is disturbing you shows deep down is something you care about. Yeah. And what do you care about when you're when you're in that space? When you're in what space? Of of of humiliation, embarrassment. They're not going to want me. I never You want to be part of the group. Yeah. You want to be part of the group. You want to belong. You want to connect. You want to be okay. But look at what people do with that emotion. And they often would do things like withdraw because then they might see it. Withdraw into depression. Withdraw into a mask. Maybe if I just pretend. Yeah. But if then if they like you, they didn't really like you. You'll know that they just like the mask. The And plus, by the way, you fooled them, which means that you're being liked by fools. How how great is that going to be? So, if conversely, if we flipped it, so back to my evil plan. If I'm going to go poof, here's the one little thing I'm going to say to you before you go poof. We'll poof the negative so-called emotion, the negative so-called judgments. But this two-sided thing of the things you care about, yearn for, and want, we're going to have to poof that, too. Because every sheet of paper has two sides, and this thing has two sides. You're going to take that devil's bargain. People no longer matter to you. You know, I have never met a client who's willing to take that deal. They want to like burn this side of sheet of paper of the paper without burning that side. Excuse me. Doesn't come that way. So my point being, you know, can we find a part of what I want to say here is these so-called negative experiences that make it look like the world's safe unsafe that your own body is unsafe that your psychology is unsafe flipped can be put into place where these things are meaningful, helpful, useful, can be shared and connected. you to others. Does that sound unsafe? Doesn't sound unsafe. Now, I get if somebody's coming at you a knife, that's unsafe. If there's a car heading right towards, that's unsafe. Somebody's going to rape you, that's unsafe. There's lots of situations that are unsafe. But is your history unsafe? Is your memory unsafe? The purpose and function of those things are to remind you of what you care about, to help you read the current situation, to be able to deal with challenges in the situation. Your emotions aren't unsafe. They're your biggest ally you've got. You mishandle them. Yeah, you can create a world in which they play out in ways that are unsafe. But you did that, dude. I'm not trying to shame you by saying it, but when you know that you're able to respond, that means you're responsable. So, you're responsible. And if you're not, better pray for somebody to come along who is because that means you don't have any ability to respond. But you do. You do. You can put your mind on a leash. You can learn how to be open to your emotions. Not all at once. You'll spend the rest of your life learning it because it'll goes deeper and deeper. You can learn to be more flexible and conscious here in the present and focused on your values and building a life that's around that. If you do that, I can show you the random I can show you the trials with like 10,000 persons followed over 5 to 10 years with what happens when you do that versus what you do when the organ between your ears is given free reign to turn your life into a problem to be solved. And the difference in outcomes is night and day. So what what journey are you on? And that's what this book walks through. But I'm not selling a book. I'm It's all over in the culture. You can get it for free on the internet. I mean, when you chase psychological flexibility, mindfulness, values, awareness, we're really, I think, for the first time opening up what's inside our wisdom traditions and not having to get it only through religion or things like that. You can, that's great if you get it that way. It's great. I'm not saying anything against it, but uh but you can learn how to do these things. And Steve, I think people listening to us now and who are at this point in the conversation, we are coming up on time here in a little bit. And I think what they'd really want is for us to give more examples of different tools we can use to create that that psychological flexibility. We went and gave some examples of the diffusion. That's really practical and helpful for people. But let's give you talked about the six sides of the box. Let's get into some other tools people can use. So to create that flexibility or pick a couple, Jesse, maybe even things that land somehow, you don't have to reveal why, but land in your life in some way or in people around you or people that you know about or that shows up in your work or just anything that you know well, give me a give me a challenge that you think and let's just see. We'll do it as kind of uh the lightning round psychological flexibility tour and I'll try to give you if we do a few maybe they they'll land and as examples and then people can learn and chase and learn these skills through all the things that are out there. Okay. So an example of a person who's dealing with some kind of psychological challenge. Okay. What about somebody who is feeling like their confidence over time has dwindled and they're, you know, finding themsel more and more isolated in the world. Okay. And so I' I'd say okay so part of what we want to do is really look at this emotion of confidence that has dwindled and I want to see if the behavior of confidence has dwindled. What confidence means etmologically? Con means with in Latin. Fedence is from the Latin word fedz which means faith. Have you been acting behaviorally with faith with yourself or are you doing the thing that says I got to earn this feeling or else which dude doesn't sound to me like faith that sounds sounds to me like abandonment. It sounds to me like you can't be trusted. So let's pick a concrete situation and you mentioned one you know actually withdrawing from people right and if you're waiting for that feeling of confidence to take you back to being with people you're going to wait a long time because that feeling is the exhaust and the behavior is the engine. So what are the things you could do that would allow you to bring the exhaust part I mean bring that part along but actually not dictate to you as to where you guide this. What a give me a concrete thing that would be of importance to you socially where the emotion of confidence has diminished and it become a barrier and yet your heart yearns for connection, participation, social involvement, engagement. Give me a concrete thing. So say it's somebody at work who's got a presentation that they want to do in front of their peers, but they don't feel confident to, you know, put their hand up into volunteer to present on such a topic. Awesome. And so can we take a little time to explore if it really is not about you and it's about instead what you can do for the group. If this presentation that you yearn for is not a show but a contribution. Can you walk out like what do you want this contribution not just in the details of how you want it to land but what are the qualities of you and of your life that and of this work that you would want to most reflect and there we got to get into the specifics and very likely it might be something like this business is about helping people if we do this right it will help or this business is about giving people tools that they can use and if I your podcast is that right let's say it's there and let's say your member of your team is not speaking out loud because they're shrinking down and it's safer to be quiet and to step forward out of lack of confidence. we would say the emotion. I would work with that person of getting really clear on the values and then I would suggest that in the first things they say they consider the possibility that they could actually say what's so for them like I'm feeling a bit frightened saying this aloud aloud. I'm having thoughts like I won't be understood or it won't be listened to and and maybe it's not a good idea. I have that thought. But I do want to share this just because it seems like what we're trying to do is something that's important. And what if I were to give a talk or develop, you know, do a little bit of research on something on and then tell your story to your team? In other words, could you carry the lack of confidence as an emotion that you feel when you're stretched about whether or not you'll be actually be able to keep faith with yourself and doing something hard and values-based, you know, and and how how do how do you create faith in yourself? To my knowledge, faith moves are leaps. We call them leaps of faith. Okay. What would a leap of self-fidelity, of self-fathing, of being the person you want to be, of being yourself, best self? What would that leap look like in this moment? And my guess is it's something more like contributing to the group by doing your best by being fully present and giving your all and do that talk. Not emotion first. Don't get back sniffing the end of the exhaust pipe. There's no driving. It's going to happen there. Put your hands in the steering wheel. Look at the road ahead of you. Prepare the talk and freaking give it. And if you don't have the tools to do it at all, we'll do a two-minute talk if you now, you know, there have been randomized trials, quite a number of them on speech anxiety, which is what you're raising. And it's really wonderful stuff. I think it's so cool because there's enough trials now you know something about the underlying neurobiology. We know something about the different way. And so we have traditional relaxation, think differently so that you can do it versus act, open up, carry it forward, go into the moment and do it. These two ways of doing work on speech anxiety. If you do the way I'm talking about, do you have more anxiety than doing it the normal way? the normal way, meaning the one that's logical, reasonable, sensible, and it's kind of in our CBT traditions. I'm part of that tradition, but you know what it would be. Relax, blah, blah, blah. Uh, no, actually, you're more likely to have moral anxiety if you do what I said. However, your talk will be several notches forward better. It's going to land better. It's going to be listened to. It's going to make a difference better. And by the way, your willingness to do the next talk will be higher if you use the methods I talked about than if you use these other ones. These downregulate the emotions so that you can approach them versus this. And uh not only that, the underlying neurobiology of the two events is such that you're plugging into parts of your brain that allow you to bring some of the information that you already know is as opposed to being focused on these kind of emotional sense of self parts and your attentional focus. You can actually see it in the underlying neurobiology. It will predict those differences will predict over time a greater sense of safety, you know, downregulating those unnecessary gooing of the veagal nerve that I'm in some threatening situation. No, you're not. You're just giving a freaking talk, dude. But I get it. Okay. I mean, I had my focus of my panic disorder once it began to come off was on the anxiety giving talks and u I could tell a whole story about that, but I I really know what that space is like. Uh so I have compassion for it. Could we do we have time to do Yeah, let's I was going to say let's try and fit a couple more in. Um let's say somebody struggling to get out in society in group situations. say it's, you know, they got to go out and it's their mom's birthday and they got to go to the mall to buy a gift, but over time they found themselves becoming more and more isolated and and not comfortable in that situation. Okay. And that's an anxiety situation that we could bring some of the stuff I was talking about with speech anxiety, some of the stuff I was talking about diffusion, we could distill down the words and stuff, but let's bring in another piece of of things that we could do for this person. One of the things I might do is to do some small exposures around this while actually deliberately bringing mindful awareness to what goes on in your body as you do things like if you were talking about buying a gift and things like that. If somebody's afraid of going out and um you know could be in a mall or something like that, that would be a thing we could do of learning how to attend to your body and notice what's going on. And if if we could do it physically, we could do an imagination. We could talk about going through it and then notice where in your body does that show up. And with each part of your body when it shows up, what drop any sense of struggle? you get into a thing where you're almost like in a tug of war with a monster within and it doesn't occur to you that instead of being, you know, fighting so you don't get pulled into the pit, then you have the option of just dropping the rope. So, let's take the bodily hooks that normally would get you and one at a time drop the rope. It's kind of like noticing each of the reactions one at a time and tipping your hat saying you know hello nod in my stomach. Hello beating heart. Hello clenching jaw. You want to come along with me like that. I might do a thing like in the values area because this sounds like there's a set of things the person has that they want to do that they care about and anxiety is fun is functioning as a barrier. Well, I gave you an the flip side of anxiety as a way of or any emotion ways of finding what you really care about. How about this? Pick a guide or a hero or somebody who if they were with you in this exact moment might be able to give you wise counsel. Maybe somebody who you've seen step up to challenges. And I might really take a little time to picture that person and what you've learned from them. and then ask if we can do a little thing where you deliberately kind of adopt that person as your guide almost as if you're crawling inside their skin. And we'll walk through this with them so much right along with you that they're almost a second skin for you. Being able to kind of kindly whisper in your ear, "This is next and now this is next." sort of like you're an actor in a play, but not through pretense, but more like practice. That's another one I might do. one, if I can mention this one, because it'll wrap them all together and it will give you the whole model in one simple thing. And I know the clock is ticking. Take this thing that you're struggling with, this whole thing. It's a ball of wax. There's many things. was thoughts, memories, bodily sensations, feelings, yearnings, attentional processes, sense of self, everything's all mushed in Uh, put your body in the shape of you at your worst when dealing with that big squirmy wormy ball in the in your entire history. Show me with your body you at your worst. As if you're a sculptor and your outside shape of your body is the only way you can communicate. Now do the same thing with you at your very best when dealing with the same kinds of issues. This the same issue. Take those two mental snapshots. We've actually done this with hundreds of people around the world. People wearing burkas in Iran, people wearing loin cloths in Australia, people wearing three-piece suits in the United Kingdom. And we've done this all around the world and I can predict what's going to happen. You at your worst is going to look something like that. Some form of it. Your arms and hands are going to come in. Your eyes are going to close. Your head's going to go down. You might bend at the waist. You go into a defensive posture. In some way, you've expressed not being open, not being aware, and not being actively engaged. How do I know that? because we rated the pictures we took of those hundreds of people with naive raiders who who only had this. How open or closed is that person? How aware or unaware is that person? How engaged or unengaged in that person? Turns out we can do it really easily. It was blind ratings of the pictures. But then they rated later on mixed in random order and there's hundreds of them. So there's no way they'd even remember what they'd done them at their best. And universally people's heads come up, their eyes open, their arms and hands go out, they're So here's the thing. If every single person, I mean, literally every single person almost without exception, showed a picture with just those instructions. You at your worst, you're at your best with dealing with the psychological challenge. Same challenge can show you more openness, more awareness, and more engagement with their body. It means you know the whole psychological flexibility model already. It's in your heart. It's in your head. It's in your hands. It's just not in your head in a way you can access it easily without things like reading books about it. So this is not spooky. Not la land. This is not otherworldly. This is life trying to teach you and you have already learned it. It's just that the organ between your ears hasn't fully learned it. So, your gut sense that you need to turn towards that dinosaur that's chasing you, that you need to face that challenge, that you need to open your heart to those wounds, you need to show up to your own history. You need to connect with what's here. You need to bring what you deeply care about into your life's moments. Those are a fraction of an inch away. If you're living inside a cage that's made out of rice paper and I know that it looks real. The bars look real. They're not real. You're a microssecond away from it's only the organ between your ears that's building this. But that doesn't mean it's easy. It's tricky. It's hard but it's not hard effortful. It's hard tricky. So to connect what I just did the whole thing as a period on our journey here, Jess, I would just ask you to do this thing. If you actually did that little bodily exercise I talked about when you face the next challenge, just ask yourself this. How can I go from this to this whatever occurs to you that resonates, Well, Steve, before we part ways to come full circle on your story, we kind of left it at the point where you had your epiphany on the floor in the middle of the night and you decided to go inward. I'm curious what it looked like in a general sense coming out of your panic attacks from that point forward. Like how long did you still have those? And have you had one in the last number of years or is this something that's just part of your history now? Uh an actual panic attack where I felt as though okay this is labelable as a panic attack. It took 1981 was that the night on the carpet I think it was 1996. So am I doing the math right? Uh that's 15 is that 15 19 years. 15 years. And I tell the story in liberated mind. I walk it out. Man, I was doing act workshops having panic attacks. Except no, it's not true. They were no longer panic attacks. They were anxiety attacks. What's the difference? I was more willing to do it the next time. So, you dig a big hole. You know, it's going to take a while to fill it back up again. But uh you know if as long as you stop digging and start filling it'll eventually smooth out. But I'm never going to be God's gift of psychological flexibility. I'm not. But I know enough about it to know it's important and I've been able to bring it in my heart and bring it into the lives of others. But so uh you know and I got a little cocky and I tell the story in the book of that last panic attack. I was given a talk in front of about 15 of the most famous psychologists in the world and I hadn't prepared and I'd slept poorly last night because I was partying too hard with him and and I stood up in front of him and almost fell down and my mind was just screaming uh at me and I and I did this thing of saying no here I'd got for 15 years of saying yes and I got this one where this is a real panic attack because I took the anxiety and I said No. And then I turned and looked at the screen with my overheads. It's all old enough that it was overheads and slides. It wasn't even computers and stuff. And I think it felt like almost forever, but probably was about 10 seconds. I said, "Okay." And I turned and sort of in the posture of I am not going to make this my problem. If I fall to the floor and wiggle like a worm, it's going to be their problem. When I made that solemn oath, no more running from me. That means I don't know where my history will take me exactly. It's possible I can get so anxious I can't speak. Let's see. I'll be along for the ride. Turns out I gave a pretty good talk. It was all fine. And then I had about three months of take a pill, take a pill, take a pill, take a pill. Because the old ways of dealing with it were right there. I no, I'm not going to take a pill. Thank you very much, George. My mind trying to help me. I've got this covered. And um so the story goes uh and I tell it in a TEDex talk of learning more about where the panic came from, finding domestic violence memories. But then my story has continued just like all life stories and I could in the book I walk through multiple layers and finding out things about my family and myself and my history and it it's not it's almost boring because it's what all of us are on that journey of can once you see that this is what's going on. Can you peel the onion and peel the onion enough that you feel as though I know I still am not doing that great but you know you should have seen me before. The students here had a joke. I've been at my university this particular university coming up on 35 years and the students had a joke of uh you know what would you rather have something like a you know have your teeth drilled or be on an elevator with Steve Hayes. I mean, I'm not that guy anymore. And I was I was already to an act then, mind you. excuse me for a living. I'm still a work in progress. I'm not an example for anybody. But I do try to with my children and so forth be real. And um let's work on it together as a human community. How can we create a world that's softer, kinder, more compassionate, that's more aware, more mindful, more open, more able to take on the difficult histories and challenges that we have and focus on our values and together with others, you know, build the kind of social world that will allow us to have our behaviors deployed not about running away or pretense or putting on a mask, but about being real and uh creating a life worth living. For somebody listening right now, they say, "Yeah, Steve, this sounds all well and good, and I can see what you're saying here, but you don't understand. I'm broken beyond mending. I'm feeling, you know, down in the dumps, and my negative thoughts are just so overwhelming." What would you say to them? Well, one thing, what if we go into that a little bit? And as you're having that thought, I'm broken beyond mending. Who's noticing that? There's a part of you noticing that that part of you has been there ever since you showed up in consciousness around age three. Is that part of you broken? Does that part of you need bending? You're like a bowl that's been holding things put in and you got a lot of crap in there. I get that. But the bowl is intact. You're here conscious and aware of that thought of how broken you are. So what if we allow the mind, thank you very much for trying to help me here. I get you want to get me to do things that are healthy. And most of the things that you tell me to do, I've done. In fact, it's led me to this moment in which I'm tempted to buy that thought that I'm broken. So with respect, friend, Mr. Mind, I don't think you can fully solve this. In fact, I don't even think it's really a problem. I'd rather be the bowl than the broken crap put in it. And I, you know, let's see what we can do. What if you come along? Cuz I know I need you sometimes, but I know you don't have the solution this time. Enough is enough. I don't know even know what it means, but I'm going in a different direction. And then if you avail yourself of what's out there, behavioral science can help you. It'll give you well liberated mind. I I structured it so that it gives you ah six, seven, eight different things you can do in each of these key areas. But you know, get out of your mind into your life. my first self-help book that outsold Harry Potter for one glorious week when time wrote it up in a five-page story, my five minutes of fame. But not just that, now there's self-help book after self-help book, The Happiness Trap, Russ Harris, really good book. Um, you know, online things. What if if you let me say it this way, friend? Have you had enough? The person who just said this after I say who's watching, if you can catch consciousness just for a second, have you had enough? Do you think that more of the same is going to give you a different outcome? Whatever your mind just gave you right now is a solution. Have you tried that? I bet you have. How did that work? I bet you not very well. Otherwise, you wouldn't be saying that to me. So, what would it be like to do something truly new? Knowing full well that your mind is not going to be able to give it to you. Not the analytic, judgmental mind. That's the part of you that's been giving you the stuff that's produced this train wreck. But there's more to you than that. If you did that that body thing you just showed me, you know, there's more to you than that intuitively. Your logical mind didn't say stand up, open your eyes, and put your hands out. That's foolish. You might be hurt. You should do this. No, you shouldn't. Is this enough? And if your gut got answered, if you've suffered so much that there's a part of you that says that no more, you know, I we used to say act is for people who have been toasted. If it's little baby bouncies, I don't kind of think you need to get into who are you, what are emotions, your mind, but it's too weird. But if you're ready, if life's beating you about the head and ears enough, there's a large body of work now, literally 800 randomized trials, 5,000 studies, and if you don't believe that, how about just trying it out and allowing your experience to guide you and uh see if you can avail yourself. If you go, by the way, uh, to contextualscience.org, there's a find and act therapist link and there's about five six thousand people there all around the world and they can do it on the internet and all that kind of stuff. People who are therapists if you need that, if you want So I can't solve it in part because the very idea of solving it is part of the problem. But I can orient like a flashlight into the darkness down this path is something different. And very quickly you'll know whether or not that's true. And maybe even something I've said here resonated just enough. a tiny little crack like air coming in through a a window that's been t closed tight to let you know that something in here might be worth pursuing. And that's all you need. After that, try test see how it works and uh good luck in your journey. Let me know how it turns out and let me know how I can be of help. And I'll add to that, Steve, something you brought up earlier in the conversation. It's time to drop the rope. Absolutely. Transformation is just an inch away. You know, when you're really just about to go into the pit of that last last second, you can let go. I love that. And other than listeners getting a copy of your book, A Liberated Mind, how can they connect with you after the show? Well, they can get on my newsletter list if they want to go to Stephen C. Hayes. Steven with a V, middle initial C as in Charlie. Metad's name. H A Ys. All one word, no periods. Stephven Chazes.com. If you click on yes, please send it to me. You'll get my newsletter every month or six weeks whenever I put it together. I don't spam people. If you ever don't like it, it's oneclick opt out. Um, there are so many now uh audio things and self-help books. I even think I have one over my shoulder. I've got an audio course over there that sounds true selves. But it's not just me. I've you know ACT has been developed by a whole community. About 40,000 people have been part of the association. There's 9,000 10,000 members right now. You know, there's about 100,000 have been trained in act. They're all around. you can find them and they've produced so much in the way of apps and websites and books and uh programs and groups and just look around you you'll see it. And it's not just ACT because what we've done is we've helped put things in the water that are there in different forms now and compassion focused therapy or dialectical behavior therapy or you know acceptance-based behavior therapy. It's not a me me thing. We don't trademark, we don't certify, we don't do any of that kind of stuff. Uh we want to put tools people can use in their hands and um so you'll be able to find it um books and so forth. The one thing I'd say be careful of it with books is make sure that they're books by real scientists who do work and are common because we're so popular now that the counterfeit books are all over Amazon. They even look like best sellers, but they're manufactured by false reviews and written by people who are not people. They're actually written by machines and then filtered by people in in China in the Far East. And then the Amazon makes money. They will not take them down. They took down one where the guy said it was written by Steven Haynes and what was in it was actually anti-act and u you know was like you can get rid of your anxiety with ACT. like, "Oh, no, no, no. Please don't." So, be careful about that part. But that's not hard. You can read it. You'll see the same author wrote like four books on the same day and they'll have five star reviews. No, that's not possible, dude. That's a machine or a corrupt gang skimming the internet for words and putting it into a crap book. But uh the two of self self-help books as ways in happiness trap Russ Harris really popular get out of your mind into your life the one that's over my shoulder but as I say I there's about 200 act books now in in about 6 million or so copies around the world and in almost every language. So, um, you can actually download a free one from the World Health Organization, a whole ACT cartoon book in 18 different languages. So, there's a lot of free things uh, you can get to. It's called Self-Help Plus, and it's available on the WHO website. All right, I'll send you the link. Maybe you can put it on there now that I mentioned it. It's kind of cool. I can tell people to go to the World Health Organization and get free act books, but I can because they've been tested and really cool randomized trials with refugees and things like that. That's awesome. Well, we'll put that one and a bunch of the other great resources in the show notes. And Steve, I really enjoyed this conversation. It's going to be super helpful for a lot of people and I just really appreciate you sharing your story and all your wisdom and keep doing the amazing work you're doing. It's it's just so important. Thank you so much for the opportunity my friend and to those folks out there you know peace, love and life. Uh there is a way forward and uh sometimes you know the darkest times when you're really on the carpet and it's the night of awful is exactly that moment where you turn and find a new way forward. I hope this has been useful. Thank you Steve. Thank you my friend.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hypotheticalsituations22 [5 likes]: this should have billions views
  2. @JesseChappus [3 likes]: I hope you enjoy this episode with Steven! Let me know it was great by hitting the LIKE button on the video. Also check to make sure you're subscribed to the channel (it's free 😃). I really appreciate your support 💙 -JC
  3. @averagetechnologyenojyer [3 likes]: "If I am aware of that then I'm not that" those words resonated quite bit with me. Thanks for having such a informative guest over for interview, much appreciated ☺️
  4. @mamiecarson [2 likes]: “The feeling is the exhaust and behavior is the engine.” 😮
  5. @robval7465 [1 likes]: I heard he once had tinnitus and habituated. Wish I could fine some material from him on the subject.
  6. @Luisr55-di9xe [1 likes]: 31:51
  7. @Ross_Embossed: Is A.C.T. applicable to PTSD on the scale of losing a child while driving your car and they were supposedly sleeping safely in their car seat?
→ And then have to Legally Defend Your Self against serious False Accusations of negligence/wrong-doing against your own child!
→ 6mo later #NarcDad (cptsd?) lost his 4yr battle w pancreatic cancer
→ Couldn't get back to work due to anxiety/c-ptsd for about 7yrs. (Worked 6mo + 3mo since 2019 😮‍💨)
→ Then in Sept 2025 my Evil "Dr. D'Oh!" Neurologist twin brother made another False Accusation against me lodging False Misdiagnosis and False Allegation of not taking medication - which I was NEVER PRESCRIBED!

I have no legal advocate, no healthcare advocate, and Not a Single In-Network Insurance covered Trauma Informed Therapist!

Starting a GoFundMe this wknd finally
  8. @Ross_Embossed: @1:20:00 I'm a fan and trying to learn this to help myself. But I'm also a skeptic.
What a lovely example of Post-Modern Capitalist discussing Mindfulness to overcome Financial & Social Anxiety to improve #Consumerism 🙄
  9. @benarviv8282: Thats yoga
  10. @mamiecarson: Incredible insight, he’s so good
  11. @chadhumbert1791: 1:04:30
  12. @letsgofishingene: Good job

- The Inflexahex Model in ACT: Acceptance vs Experiential Avoidance: Kind: captions Language: en In this training for Acceptance and Commitment Therapy case conceptualization, let’s look at the converse relationship between acceptance and experiential avoidance. And in order to do that, let’s briefly talk about some cases. Consider this. If a woman doesn’t want to think about her shame related to her past infidelity, she might start a habit of drinking vodka every day because it helps her not to focus on her indiscretions and influences her to pass out during the evening. And therefore, she is not having the thoughts or feelings of shame. How about another one? A woman who doesn’t like the feelings of nervousness when she goes outside can elect to stay inside her home for weeks or years on end. Let’s take a moment to look at a teenager who reports hating having private images that she’s contaminated. And if she could just rid herself of those private events for a few minutes by washing with bleach, she can make herself feel better and avoid that experience. But then she has to do it again and again and again in order to avoid that Or we can investigate a man who thinks he’s been disrespected and feels less macho on the highway when he gets cutoff by another motorist. And he can rid himself of these denigrating private events by acting very aggressively or even violently towards another so-called offender. In each one of these cases, we’re talking about experiential avoidance. The individual doesn’t want to have a particular emotion, sensation, urge, feeling and they do things in order to rid themselves of these kinds of experiences. Many people act as if the private experiences of shame, nervousness, contamination and dejection as we might call clinically relevant events, we look at them as if they were problems that need to be eliminated. People are often given the message from society to pursue happiness and relaxation and avoid unpleasant emotions and thoughts. This kind of experiential avoidance agenda has two drawbacks. The first is that a vital life is bound to include experiences of sadness and anger and other feelings that we label as uncomfortable. Anyone dedicated to living a meaningful mission knows that there are bound to be difficulties and disappointments at times. Avoiding emotional struggle and practical difficulties is impossible when one has become committed to personally worthwhile long-term goals. The second drawback of experiential avoidance is that it usually just doesn’t work. It’s not effective to try to get rid of your emotions because they likely come back later on. Such avoidance seems to be the problematic process that transforms ordinary feelings, urges and sensations and thoughts into clinical issues. Attempts to avoid private experiences often lead to more problems than they solve. In fact, experiential avoidance exacerbates these problems. Take a look at the clinical situations that I brought up. The woman who drinks vodka to get rid of her thoughts of her infidelity and her shame, she probably feels more shame for passing out so often due to her alcoholism. The woman who doesn’t go outside and so she ends up with an agoraphobic repertoire and she stays in her house for years, she never gets a chance to counter- condition the anxiety. She never learns the skills on how to live a life outside. So staying inside actually makes it more likely that she’ll stay inside. The teenager who washes her hands over and over again might actually make lesions in her hands by using the bleach and the Brillo Pad and the really hot water. And now, she has taken her healthy hands and made them unhealthy and actually porous and more likely to be contaminated. So of course, she’s washing them all the time. The man who feels like he’s been disrespected and then engages in road rage, at the end of that, maybe he realizes that doing so and acting violently actually makes him less respectable. And maybe his kids or friends in the car with him actually respect him less for flying off the handle. In Acceptance and Commitment Therapy, we’re looking for our client’s repertoire of experiential avoidance. What are people doing in order to not feel certain emotions? And is this attempt to not have these emotions and unwillingness to accept what is just genuinely showing up in their life, is that attempt actually exacerbating their clinically relevant problem? When doing a case conceptualization, we’re going to be talking to our clients and gathering data finding out what is it that you’re doing related to the present problem that is actually making your life less enjoyable, impeding you from following through on your values and actually exacerbating the problem. In experiential avoidance in case conceptualization, we’re recording what our clients are reporting and what we see from them that influences them to have a life that’s inflexible. And then we encourage them to accept their emotions, sensations and urges, be willing to actively contact them directly, fully without defending against them because that’s what leads to effective behavior. The key point to this training is that many people act as if their own private experiences, their emotions and their sensations need to be gotten rid of. And the attempt to try to get rid of them actually makes them happen more and we’re looking out for that in our case conceptualization.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oodleverse [2 likes]: Thank you for the helpful content! And for explaining things simply so that it makes a lot of sense.

I do have an issue with the genders used in the examples? The ratio of males to females was 1:3, his only trigger was disrespect and expression was anger, idk if that goes from commenting on popular male reactions to boxing men into this unrealistic patriarchal view that they're be a man machines and feel few emotions other than anger. What about the agoraphobic male etc.

Also i myself am nonbinary (she/they) and would have appreciated if, having chosen to gender your examples, in 2021 if you would have acknowledged those outside the binary.
  2. @Khanh9041 [1 likes]: thanks for helpful topics, I wish to know if you still have more video eg 15 and any higher? thank you
  3. @ollezimmerman [1 likes]: Why three examples, invoving women and just one with a man, why not 50/50?

- Expanding the Psychological Flexibility Model – episode #29 of Days Are Getting Better: Kind: captions Language: en hi Steve Hayes here and welcome to days are getting better episode 29 in today's episode I want to tell just a few more things about my sister Suzanne I got to mention just a little bit about a Blog that uh is in the current newsletter I want to um Talk a bit about uh what I think the EM the extended evolutionary meta model brings to an expansion of psychological flexibility and mention a u little meditation that is also attached to the newsletter a few more things so let's dive in first on my sister it was just a month ago that my sister passed away and I really want to thank so many of you who sent kind notices um you can see that there just 12 hours after my sister had died how painful it was and how rocked I was to lose her and I can tell you the pain is diminishing but the appreciation is not um she was a wonderful person and uh I think a little bit of her somehow came through on that message and I'm grateful for that because I could tell from the messages coming back that people were moved not just uh to because they could you could see how uh emotionally impactful it was to me but you could feel her presence coming through my words and so it was uh something that I um will always hold dear thank you in the blog that's uh in the current newsletter we talk a little bit about some of the signs that you're stuck in a narrative narrative that you going round around a bush cognitively and having a hard time moving out um I even play around in that blog uh with the distinction between thought and belief which is not something I talk about very often and it pretty much covers some same territory with other words that I'd normally cover but I thought gee if I'm going to be putting a Blog out there about cognitive flexibility and not being stuck in a narrative how does that apply to our own work you know maybe it's okay to try out some different ways of talking about things and see how they land and so um I hope you'll see I had some fun with that in the blog and some of these signs I think are pretty evident not just in our clients but in ourselves and including in the difficulty we some have of connecting with other points of view some of the things that I think process-based therapy helps so much with uh not as is a new form of therapy but as a way of thinking about evidence-based therapy and so in the blog I rolled through some of these issues of overidentification or repetitive behaviors and habits that come out of narratives narratives that leading you to especially emphasize blame towards others while not minimizing the fact that uh situations are real and that uh not everybody is as privileged as you are uh in uh the hand that you've been dealt and some of the other signs like not being able to let go of the past and show up in the present or finding that thinking is stuck in a a negative and repetitive Groove and that's difficult to think of Alternatives so I'll let the blog um speak for itself but I think all of those things can be um seen in the research literature and I think all of those things can be targeted modified helped by an expanded view of the psychological flexibility model and there I want to talk a little bit about an article that was just published it's open access we put a link here in the newsletter in the materials below when this goes on YouTube with the senior author of Clarissa on at the Journal of contextual Behavioral Science on what e thinking is doing to the psychological flexibility model and the EM is the extended evolutionary meta model which has had some nice revisions I think it really is a simpler uh and a little more fcel model just even how it's drawn up never mind how it's used and you'll see it on that article uh in which uh we now are really focusing in on these six dimensions of psychological experience without drawing hard lines between them the social level the biophysiological level but then the columns that we're focusing on are variation selection and retention only context used to be in there as a column and now it's the third dimension letting go of adaptive and maladaptive as a third dimension if you follow the research that has been coming and that is coming now a couple of really exciting articles which we'll talk about in a later episode you'll see why context needs to be put in there instead of adaptive maladaptive and here's why there is nothing not a Zippo uh that is always positive or maybe probably even always negative well I suppose there are some they're extreme they're always negative but our ways of adjusting to the challenges that we have function positively or negative with regard to the goals that we have depending on the context and some of the systems that are out there that people have pushed even the ones the earlier versions of the IM that had that Dimension it wasn't talked about too much it said adaptive and maladaptive instead of functioning maladaptively or adaptively really has drawn Us in I think to the to the wrong way to think about it we now know and some of the search that's coming is Gob smacking there's one that's in press at uh jcbs balindra sadra is the senior author I'll talk about it probably in the next episode that just you can't walk away from that and not know that all of the things that we are most fond of in our own little corner of the psychological world and over here and people who are following my work probably are thinking about the ACT model and psychological flexibility all of those things every single one sometimes have negative effects for some goals for some people so if you had to say is this a good thing or a bad thing and you're looking at processes of change you know what the answer is going to be it's always going to be the same answer it's going to be it depends it depends on the person their history their circumstances on context because what we're looking at when we're looking at context is our history and the current circumstances looked at across these multiple levels of psychology our social cultural functioning and B physiological functioning as well so that really leads to a rethinking of how we should think about psychological flexibility you don't need to burn down the house you don't need to you know walk away from now 40 Years of development actually more than that it's just as an aside I was so happy I'll do a a post about it uh soon to find the second protocol ever used in act research in 1981 my first student Rob Zed founded in a box in his attic and I've been looking for it for 20 years and thought we had lost it but there it is carbon paper on onion skin barely readable but actually it's pretty easy to read when you set your contrast but I'll talk about that another time but my point being that you know A's been around a while 1981 to now that's 43 years and in that time the model has continuously developed it's never been stuck in one place and we would hope that it wouldn't be stuck in one place so in the article that's t ATT we ask what needs to expand in the psychological flexibility model and we give four examples that come right out of the EM when you start thinking about healthy variation that's selected and retained and fitted to context across these different dimensions and levels but let's just look at the six psychological Dimensions the dimensions of sense of self of cognition emotion attention motivation and overt Behavior in the article we argue that it's not just diffusion it's cognitive flexibility and that includes the ability to think new things that's usually called reappraisal but it's not the form that means you have to stop thinking that way and thinking this way out with a bad in with a good no it means can you generate a wide range of options and focus on what's useful and leaving the rest and that kind of reappraisal has always been inact but is worth calling out now and saying really that's how cognitive flexibility Works along with diffusion and I think diffusion really helps you step back and notice what's there with a sense of equinity and then once you're there it's easier to feel free to generate many different Alternatives uh some of which aren't realistic and brainstorming rules take what's useful leave the rest and I have a a little exercise attached that tries to do that another example of something that needs to be expanded of course is that it isn't just psychological flexibility it's also social flexibility of being able to interact with others in a flexible way and you can do a lot by disc scaling the psychological levels to the social level there's additional things you can do but that's a good start and if you do that you realize that emotional openness includes empathy that cognitive flexibility includes uh genuine conversations and understanding and taking seriously the opinions of others the flexible attention means the ability to have joint attention together you know as a group that this sense of self that is more conscious begins from actually and can Foster an interconnected sense of self that is based on a we not just a me and so this more U uh sense of Consciousness that connects you to others and that builds healthy attachments emerges and then of course joint values and Joint commitments or cooperation so that needs another area of expansion that needs to happen and then down in the emotional area the article um makes a distinction between two areas where expansions uh might well uh take place uh one is that it's not just acceptance It's also emotional deepening it's also being able to sense and describe varieties of emotional experiences being able to differentiate uh emotions and um being able to uh use them usefully uh to guide your behavior and so um that's a whole set of skills talked about in the article and a number of additional ones uh that expands the idea of receiving a gift that's offered from emotion to actually actively pursuing that gift by these emotional deep in and description uh uh kinds of methods uh that help us expand our emotional uh repertoire and finally it's not just experiential avoidance emotional avoidance it's also diminishing emotional attachment clinging um turns out that being a joy junkie is not joyful and it's just just as harmful as being what I was 40 some odd years ago when Act was begun of running as fast as I could away from my own anxiety and so I recommend the article to you and to you know let's just see where it goes and if people are a little disturbed by the fact that it's moving in different directions I would say calm down let's just see let the data speak and uh perhaps this uh blog about how to know that you're stuck in a narrative could apply to us even as professionals it's not in our interest to be stuck in a narrative either if I can share something that I used to say all the time uh to my students when they were being trained in act I've shut down my supervision team the heers I retired from the University and so I'm not in that situation other than in workshops and so forth but I used to be in it every single week for decades on end with a group of young clinicians who are becoming uh all of what they could be some of whom you know by name because they ended up being pretty incredible and uh they will tell you uh I'm having a little gathering at my my last lecture coming up in the middle of May here at the UNR and some of my students are gathering they will tell you that every so often in supervision I would sort of without warning say and don't believe any of this meaning that a model is meant as a as a nudge and a bump to help you when you need nudges and bumps not as a cognitive structure to be clung to uh if it's other things are out there that are even better grab them and abandon and uh fortunately I think we've been doing that fast enough inside the ACT work that uh maybe you don't have to abandon chip you just have to U be able to navigate uh through the shs uh and with that um I think I'll bring this uh episode to a close uh except to once again thank you for all the kind comments from the earlier uh episode and to ask you to come with me on this journey that we're on and know I'm not about to do a commercial for psych flex and mind graer although I'm tempted to do it but what even that journey is about is trying to push a reset button in which we get now to dig down into the actual reality of the people that we work with and to stop being focused just on Western industrialized educated en Rich Democratic countries the so-called weird countries stop being so clingy about our particular models and let's create an agore where people of goodwi who want to see the betterment of others as the focus can can come together and lend their voices to the attempt to do so and with that peace love and life my friends

  Top Comments:
  1. @marcelopsico [7 likes]: Hello Professor Hayes. First of all, my condolences for your loss. I would like to say that my name is Marcelo, and I am a Master's student in psychology at the Pontifical Catholic University of Campinas (Pontificia Universidade Catolica de Campinas), Brazil. A section of your video connects deeply with my research. I am studying the relationship between the phenomenon of creativity and cognitive defusion. My hypothesis is that the higher the creativity, the higher the levels of defusion, precisely because of the process you mentioned in this video: defusion leads to a distancing that allows the generation of ideas, or in other words, to be creative. I am a great enthusiast of your work, and I appreciate all the teachings through your books and articles. Sending you warm regards in this difficult time!
  2. @TheCrusaderRabbits [7 likes]: Where is this article?
  3. @myndfulness [6 likes]: Amazing --ACT just gets better and better, a true process of (psych) flexibility.
  4. @Kristenpru [1 likes]: Really struggling to follow this.
  5. @marcelogallocom [1 likes]: Big Hug Steven! Its beautiful and inspiring to hear you talk about your sister.
  6. @pooyansohrabi [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  7. @ВладГрудницкий-ь5о: Hello everyone! Hope that everyone is save! And want to ask you If any of you already know where to find this article Steven C. Hayes is mentioning?
  8. @Itzelcolina6896: Thank you ❤
  9. @HanRecon: Much love Dr. Hayes❤❤❤
  10. @Cameleon404: If anyone is looking for the article mentioned in the video, I think this is the one he's talking about : https://scholar.google.com/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=en&user=MGiZ6nIAAAAJ&sortby=pubdate&citation_for_view=MGiZ6nIAAAAJ:1sJd4Hv_s6UC
  11. @carenhimanen6153: Thank you. I really enjoyed that. Yes! Heartfelt blessings to you ❤😊
  12. @КатеринаПетрова-ф5щ: Amazing article! It is so important for ACT to be flexible and accept that regardless to the interventions’ form, it could be helpful by its function. Definitely great opportunities for integration and further development
  13. @laisoo4647: 💛💙❤
  14. @CapsizeMedia: Steven, can you please do one for loud tinnitus? I have issues coping since its always fluctuating
  15. @heartgungirl: Thank you for your work. It's so good to listen to what you have to say!
  16. @joelyisdoingherbest: I’m so sorry for your loss. Having lost my older brother, I understand sibling loss/grief. ❤️May her memory be for a blessing

- Two Forms of Experiential Inflexibility | episode #42 of Days Are Getting Better: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, Steve Hayes here and welcome to days are getting better episode 42. I want to talk today a bit about happiness, about emotions and uh about some cool things that are coming up that uh you may want to see or dig into and a few things that have happened recently that uh you also want to go back and check out. But let's start out with a little bit of a discussion about happiness in an associated uh blog in my newsletter. U we talk a bit about how well we usually focus over in the act space and third wave kind of areas about the importance of avoiding avoidance. Experiential avoidance is a toxic uh process that has been studied extensively ever since it really became a central focus. Um I think it's fair to say especially although it's been there for throughout the history of psychology in the 1996 paper in JCCP on experiential avoidance that brought it into clinical paper uh I and my colleagues wrote so they were coming up on 25 years ago. uh I think most evidence-based uh therapies and a lot of the traditional uh deeper psychotherapies have been cautious about this but increasingly so uh that running away from your own insides is a pretty sure way to develop neurobiological grooves that take you back to the thing that you're trying to run away from. So it's selfdefeating and often self amplifying. What has been less clear is what about the flip side of that is grasping after so-called positive emotions uh just as toxic. We've written written a bit about this in the associated blog but there's also a study coming from Balinder Sadra brilliant colleague of mine current editor of journal of contextual behavioral science and well I hope not to steal the thunder of that article I can say that you um need to distinguish between simply prioritizing happiness it's not a bad thing to seek out opportunity unities to feel good, to connect with others, to do things that are positive for you. But there's a distinguishing distinction between that uh and being um experientially attached uh to happiness. I kind of like the fact that experiential avoidance and experiential attachment have the same EA little uh acronym. And EA in both of its forms, it turns out, is just as toxic. It's toxic in part, I think, because when you're attached to emotions, you can't let them bury. And when they can't vary, they no longer carry information that is accurate to you. And that's the role of emotions. We had to learn as human beings to be able even to talk about it inside. Skinner is quite right. You know that your inner world becomes of importance to you when it becomes of importance to the outside community. We are social primates. Language itself is social and arguably I believe an extension of multi-level selection linked to to cooperation. Cooperation came first. An important part of relational frame theory. And I've written an article 2014 walking through all of the evidence for that uh of the three big important things that are distinct about or at least characteristic about human beings uh cooperation, culture and cognition. Cooperation is probably the single most important because of how human beings have evolved over time. and we wouldn't have evolved these big brains and all of the costs it has in terms of energy but also just being able to be born through birth canal cognition it seems unlikely that it would have come first and it's pretty unlikely I think that culture came first because uh where would the verbal community back to Skinner have come from that could have developed um cognition uh without some evolutionary major reason for the larger groups in which cultural practices or the intact groups at least that which cultural practices would be advantaged and there we are back to cooperation. Well, let's come back to emotion. emotional talk that comes from your insides being of interest to the social world is actually a pretty recent development. I mean, written language itself is shockingly recent. the evolution of how we even think about ourselves and the voices within Julian James I think was very right uh is shockingly recent you can see it in the written record that um when the oracles of deli were of importance um just normal people understood that you might hear things as if they are voices and of course there are vo voice hearers in my audience right now are doing perfectly fine. Thank you. I do not need to be put in a mental hospital. Thank you. Um, but emotions when we're socialized allow us a kind of shorthand for things that are there in our history and current circumstances both inside and outside. It would be really hard uh to have a young child tell you how many minutes since they've last had food or how many hours they've been food deprived, but they can easily say with some training, are they hungry? Meaning, are they receptive to food? And when you grasp at emotions and try to fix them in place, you are stealing from yourself the value that they can have to you. Now that just screams in the etmology and the blog is about happiness. But just take the etmology of happiness. You know it it comes from an old Norse word meaning uh good luck or chance or fortune and it's something that you have stumbled upon. It's a hap. What happened to happen is the same etmology as happiness. So it can notes that condition of how you might feel if you happened upon something that was um desirable by chance or just good fortune. And the same thing is true in so many of the emotional terms. Uh take something like desire. Yeah. It comes from a Latin a deep part meaning from but the desire part from sidus a Latin word for star. So you have to imagine a time when you had to talk about longing as if looking up at the stars and u at the time the cultural way it was being talked about at the time as if you know this unreachable thing might come from u the heavens. of fear comes from a protoger Germanic term that meant danger. And so you can easily imagine a troop or something screaming watch out or danger and eventually the terms for that would enter into an emotion of fear. grief from an old Latin word gravis from which we get gravity. It means heavy. And if you've ever felt grief, you know what that's referring to. Shame, another protogerermanic term. Uh that meant covering oneself, hiding, and you know, literally like pulling something over your head. uh which really is a pretty good physical metaphor for shame and people sometimes even want to you know say oh it just makes me want to hide um disgust well the gust part is from the same root we get gustatory it means to taste and dis means away it means get that taste away it means spitting out your food and so imagine a time where you know in order to talk about disgust you had to notice that people were spitting out their food and that served the the beginning of that uh root. You know the very word want I want something uh comes from an old Norse word that means missing or lack. And so, can you imagine going in and saying, "I want a glass of water." When you'd go in and say, "Lack water." You're not talking about your insights. You're asking those around you uh to deliver something uh that's uh lacking. The word hope comes from uh a protoramatic term that means to leap or spring as if we're like a like jumping forward uh walking along, you know, pretty interesting metaphor for hope. And in fact, if I use that in a a blog or in a movie or in art, you might be able to get it. Um, the word guilt comes from a protogerermanic term that meant a debt, a debt you owe, an obligation, something you got to pay. and um guilty as charged. And it has that kind of connotation. Now, you now owe a debt to society or to the person that you harmed, maybe a fine you need to pay. And um so there it is, you know, an old physical metaphor. Last one, I just don't want to go on, but you can do this with almost any emotional term. anxiety means to choke etc. But another one that I kind of like is surprise and it comes from super over and then the Latin root means to uh grasp apprehender. I believe it's the same thing as apprehend. And so you have to imagine that it's as if you're being grabbed from behind, surprised. Um, now point of this etmology is to say that we're not so cognitively sophisticated that we have all these emotions kind of there to be discovered and we're constructing them socially. We can see it in the written record. Some of these things like feeling depressed, man, that's only 150 years old. You know, feeling what it feels like to be a, you know, a rut in the road, a depression, like as if you're it's what you feel when you're pushing down other emotions. And uh why that matters uh practically in terms of these two forms of EA is that these uh physical metaphors point to the everchanging history and circumstance in which you want guidance about how to deal with events. And there's so many events that can lead to emotions that we learn and we teach emotional talk and we create them even recently as I mentioned with depression so that we can orient ourselves and others our children to what to do. Yeah. But if you become attached to them and try to freeze them in place or you become avoidant of them and have never have them well that's tantamount to saying I don't want emotional talk to serve the function that it evolved to serve. Well, good luck with that if you get away with it. Meaning it if you're dumb enough to actually do it. I certainly have been in my life and I'm still learning not to be. Well, then you just are less effective. You're less able to navigate life. And ironically, since we're started with happiness, you're less likely to be happy, not more. And in this piece we have coming about gender is navigating through a journal with our I think we have it revise and resubmit. We think we'll have it navigated soon. Uh you'll be able to see a little example of that and also how idiosyncratic how um those relationships are. I at this point I do want to speak about a couple of things that have recently happened that you might want to access. one is or happened and or happening hap or back to it happen stance. Um the backward hap was a really cool conversation that I had with Lance McCrack and a person I have just enormous respect for who has brought the whole psychological flexibility world into chronic pain and fundamentally changed how we think about chronic pain around the world. It was all the way back to him happening upon one of the early earliest forms of what became the AAQ acceptance and action questionnaire that had been modified by David Geyser, a student here at UNR was on his doctoral committee who was dealing with CBT and act for pain and um he happened Lance on the U earliest rewrite of that we're talking about in the late 80s and early 90s uh specifically to modify those items in what became the AAQ 10 years later um to chronic pain and he then carried it into pain started researching it and then now just has explored almost every aspect of psychological flexibility. But not just that, he's heavily into idomics now and modeling individually. Just published something really wonderful in a major pain journal about how individual uh how idiosyncratic uh these life journeys are inside chronic pain. Anyway, we had a great conversation as part of the Psychlex team, but it's available uh out there uh and we'll put some links in the uh commentaries below. um uh conversation between myself, my partner crime there at Psychlex uh and Lance about chronic pain and about how to extend the model that's there of chronic that's in chronic pain and worked out so well such that ACT act for chronic pain is on almost every list of evidence-based therapies and really because of Lance and what he's done plus a bunch of other people pretty important folks in ACT act AC act AC act AC act AC act AC act AC act AC act AC act AC act AC act land um but uh more than any other person singly in terms of bring it into the research um phase I believe um uh that conversation will help you see how you can use that model uh to understand the role of difficult emotions and circumstances almost anywhere And in terms of something that's upcoming, uh, a person I have great respect for, well, two people I have a great respect for, Rick Hansen and Diana Hill and I are doing three episodes, one on anxiety, one on shame, and one on anger about how to kind of own up and show up, let go of uh really both forms of EA with regard to those emotions uh to a groove new ways of responding to them that are more positive and healthy in your life course and to take actions that really uh put them uh into your life. And so, um, it's a a fundraiser for the GCC, for the global compassion coalition that Rick started and other people who I have great respect for, Paul Gilbert and others, the compassion focused therapy people and so on. Um, it's a way of raising funds for this wonderful organization. And so um look for that also in the links down below. And so uh I hope u associated blog and newsletter is useful to you. And my takeaway message I guess for uh this uh days ago getting ep getting better episode is let's bring the science of idomics uh that is now really beginning to break through. I can feel the ground trembling. I've been through these things before. I named the third wave the third wave and I ain't going to say the word fourth wave. I'm just not going to do it. But boy can I feel it. the combination of AI and longitudinal data, machine learning algorithms, and the possibility of fitting what we know now to the particular individual needs of others that I'm spending almost all my days on uh is beginning to really hit in our field and given how we've stagnated in our ability to improve effect sizes in almost every area with the one really positive exception of personalization. When you personalize, you improve. And so, let's learn how to do that together. And the message to you, if you're not a researcher or scientist, that includes personalizing your life by learning how to read and respond and make use of your particular emotions, good, bad, or indifferent. Without experiential avoidance, EA, and without experiential attachment, EA. So peace, love and life friends.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dr.RivkaEdery [2 likes]: Dr. Hayes, your insightful explanation of experiential avoidance and cognitive fusion in episode #42 connects with the tools I’ve woven into my clinical practice from your three transformative courses: ACT In Practice, ACT Immersion, and ACT Foundations for Behavior Analysts. Guiding clients to defuse from entrenched thoughts and embrace challenging emotions has revolutionized our therapeutic work. On both a personal and professional level, I’m profoundly grateful for your lifelong dedication to this work. Your teachings empower us to free our minds and offer others a renewed chance at life. Thank you! ❤Rivka Edery
  2. @Psicoeducazione [2 likes]: I would like to express my gratitude for your commitment to deeply understanding how we humans °function". More than twenty years ago I had the pleasure of meeting you in Milan at a seminar, and since then my way of working with patients and with myself has changed profoundly. This stuff of the double meaning of EA is so buddhist and at the same time so scientifically intriguing. Thank you.
  3. @Sabrina-hg6en [1 likes]: 마음에서 빠져나와 삶 속으로 들어가라 
자유로운 마음을 읽고 제 마음속에 살고 저를 숨쉬는동안 괴롭혀왔던 불안과 모든 판단과 비교와 부정적 잣대를 들이대는 독재자와 새로운 관계를 맺는 법과 탈융합하는 방법과 세상을 새롭게 바라 볼 수 있는 시각을 갖게해주셔서 너무 감사합니다
ACT에 대해 배우는중이고  정말 재미있었고 감동적이며 신비로웠습니다  수용전념치료로 상처 입은 영혼을 치유하고 싶습니다 
Steven C. Hayes 교수님을 알게되어 영광입니다 🩵
  4. @na.meless: I think the ethymology aspect is fascinating. In portuguese "happinnes" is "felicidade" which comes from apparently "fertil" or linked to the acts of "nourish" "nurse" and acts of giving to other people
  5. @Openyoureyes737: ♥️
  6. @MatthewG-g3i: 'If you meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same'
Kipling

- Why Avoiding Pain Creates More Pain | Steven Hayes: Kind: captions Language: en-US Pain is inseparable, suffering is optional. We often define happiness ⁓ as an absence ⁓ of pain, ⁓ of difficult thoughts, feelings, memories, bodily sensations. And so The pursuit of happiness can lead to the pursuit of eliminating the things that your mind tells you that our normal way of thinking tells us need to go away in order to be happy, there's that. And then there's the second thing which is we tend to want any kind of emotion if we evaluate it as positive to stay. And those two things we call them in the work that I do, experiential avoidance, putting pushing away your experiences. and experiential attachment clinging to your experiences are the together probably the most toxic things you can do in life. It turns out that hanging onto happiness is not a happy thing and avoiding sadness or the pain that life brings amplifies that pain for reasons that we can get into. Well, you're talking to a person who's a panic disorder person in recovery, quotes, scare quotes, panic disorder, all that disorder language is not very close to what's really happening. And at the height of that struggle, anxiety would be something to be anxious about. And so I'm looking for, is it coming? Is it getting higher? if it gets really high, it won't be able to function. Maybe the same thing will happen as last time. It'll be so embarrassing. This would be a disaster. I'm on a call with this really important person. I'm going to bring it right to this moment. We're having a conversation. It will be broadcast. will... Well... So this is like trying to control the situation rather than accepting what happens Yeah, well, not to be the case. controlling the situation is one thing. Through behavior, we control our situations. Trying to control our emotions, which is an echo of the past and the present, and is there for a reason. If it's backed up by cognitive threats and so forth, or the natural response to... Oh, if this will happen, that would be really bad. I mean, if I told you a terrorist is going to bust on your door in the next 30 seconds, and that's very credible, and he has a machine gun, very likely, I'm sorry he's going to shoot you, you will be very anxious. Well, if I had you wired up to a polygraph, and a classic metaphor we use in the therapy work I do. And I said, your job is just to be relaxed, but if you get nervous, I'm sorry, I'm going to have to shoot you. And the same thing would happen to you is you're going to be, because you have a polygraph in your own nervous system. So if you set up a situation where anxiety is something to be anxious about, you're going to be anxious. Hello. Cause you're going to watch for it and says you're watching for it and it's cognitively linked to something that would lead to anxiety. There's going to be a little incremental. You'll notice that. And then you'll go and see it's coming. You'll notice that. And on the attachment part, you know, if I were to, to say to you something like, ~ you know, that, feeling of relaxation that you have here. It's so wonderful. Let's just make it continue forever. However, there's this very challenging thing that's coming up that you have to do and you haven't prepared for it. ⁓ We want them have it forever. We want to feel relaxed just like you do at the side of the beach. well, you're going to notice that it's slipping away. ⁓ So be careful if by happiness you mean living a valued space life, eudaimonia. Yes, you can have that. in a pretty much continuous state, but it's not an emotion. It's the word happiness, but it's not an emotion. It's a flow of being connected to meaning and purpose moment by moment in your life. And that can happen when you're weeping at the death of somebody close to you. You wouldn't say I'm happy, but somebody close to me died but you could say this was this is so precious and losing this person close to me is something that is dear to my heart and you know if somebody would say ~ i can remove the tears of the death of your mother you'd say what what are you doing what a crazy no So happiness in that sense that you human flourishing is not necessarily absence Thank of negative feelings, but they are necessary part of the experience. I think pain has intrinsic value. Suffering and learning how to dismantle the system that causes real suffering has enormous value and you'd never learn it without that. Even though you've learned it, you already know it. You know it by experience, but you don't know it at the level that you can deploy it easily on command and you don't have words for it. In fact, the words fight you. So pain is not optional. Suffering is optional. But suffering is a source of wisdom and pain is a deep source of wisdom. But what you're doing with suffering is you are trying not to carry a burden of pain and you're creating pain as a result. And so the most painful thing you can imagine in life or the most painful thing to do in life is to really, really, really work hard to not have pain. It'll ruin your life. and in that and or to cling to joy and the flip side of that and it's right in the word suffer the soft part means up and under fur means fairy like a fairy boat and it it the metaphor is that you have a heavy burden on your back and you're carrying it well what's on your back pain's on your back why is it such a heavy burden It's heavy, ironically, because you need to get rid of it. If you got with it. I mean, how heavy is your body? It's pretty heavy. Is it a burden to a body? No. You're walking around with it. Well, wait a minute. These emotions you have are in you. They're in your emotion. They're in your body. Those thoughts you have are in you. How did they get to be a burden on your back? What was that? magic trick that made that happen. People will say like, you know, it's bigger than I am. It's in you. It can't be bigger than you as a physical being. It's part of you. It's not heavy. Walk around. So so suffering is in that sense inseparable part of life because it's part of you. If you are carrying a really heavy sack and it turned out you could inhale it. What would happen to the heavy sack? so you get with your pain.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thephilosophyeveryday: Thanks for watching! To stay updated on new episodes and future guests, plus get the best ideas from each conversation subscribe to the free newsletter:
https://www.thephilosophyeveryday.com/

Everything else (Spotify, Apple, socials) is here, and feel free to DM me on any of them or share a feedback:
https://linktr.ee/philosophy.everyday

- Dr. Steven C Hayes and the Role of Psychological Flexibility to Promote Prosocial Action, Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Welcome back to another episode [music] of the Nurture Effect podcast, hosted by Dr. Anthony Bigglin, a pioneer [music] in prevention science, best known for his work on nurturing environments, [music] community level behavior change, and his books, The Nurture Effect, and Rebooting Capitalism. Co-hosting with Tony today is one of Values [music] to Actions board members and volunteers, Dr. Allison Sharkco. Our guest today [music] is Dr. Steven C. Hayes. Dr. Hayes is a foundation professor of psychology [music] at the University of Nevada Reno and a co-orinator of acceptance and commitment therapy, ACT, and the broader relational frame [music] theory, making him one of the most cited psychologists in the world. His work established contextual [music] behavioral science as a unified scientific framework and has shaped both clinical practice and basic behavioral research globally. Hi, I'm Tony Bigland. I'm the president of Values to Action. And Values to Action has begun an effort that we call uh a nurturing nation. And uh we want to make the promotion of people's well-being a higher priority than profit maximization. We would argue that virtually every sector of society has been corrupted by corporations that often profit from practices that are in fact harmful to people. And you can see our Substack essays. We describe this in some detail. But one of the things that's we think is happening is that there are millions of people who are distressed about what the situation is in this country and what we can do about it. And so we start by trying to help people get clear about what their values are and how they can promote well-being by, for example, increasing family income in their community. And so the first step in this is acceptance and commitment training. I'm very pleased to have Steve Hayes uh be the first person to do a podcast for this effort. Uh, in my view, but don't tell him I said this, uh, Steve has made a bigger contribution to psychology than anybody in the last 50 years. We've got a bunch of questions for him and hopefully he can help us move this forward. >> I'm really happy to be here with you and that people should know that you and I have been friends for decades and uh, you know, I greatly respect your work. We've done things together and it's exciting to see you continuing to fight the good fight. So, um, Steve, how about if you start off by telling us what psychological flexibility is? >> Yeah. Well, it's actually, um, pretty easy to summarize this now and after all these years in because you can do it in a single sentence. It's basically what life is asking you to learn to be able to have a journey that is pro-social and makes [clears throat] a difference in the world. Whether that's your family or the kind of work you do as a psychologist or just your business or the kind of things you do as a parent or a friend is life is asking you to be more open, more aware, more actively engaged in meaningful life while scaling that to your relationships and culture and to your body. And you can drop a pin and say that's pretty much true for all of the major things that we know that change human behavior in the various domains of psychotherapy, but also behavioral health, diet, sleep, exercise, etc., but also performance, social justice, and on it goes. And I can unpack open, aware, and actively engaged for you. I can give some detail to it but uh that's what psychological flexibility is in the modern phase. Um there are earlier more constrained versions but we keep adding to it because you keep learning new things. >> Well so the next question is it it it seems that when people uh get exposed to acceptance and commitment training they generally seem to embrace pro-social values. Why do you think that is? Well, I need to unpack that sentence a little bit. And I and I do need to say that it's not just, you know, any brand name or specific thing of acceptance and commitment training. It's a good, you know, I spent 20 years trying to distill down to the smallest set of things to do the most good for the most people in the most context. And I just gave you where we landed after 40 years of work. But it turns out if you look at those processes of being more open which includes both cognitively [snorts] and emotionally open feeling what you feel noticing you have lots of thoughts taking what's useful leave the rest uh aware being able to allocate your attention in a way that's flexible fluid and voluntary and sort of fits your purposes and to do that consciously actively engaged being connected to what is meaningful your chosen purpose we say your values, but building habits around that and then extending it socially because you're not just a psychological being, you're a social being. And uh you know, groups are where we start as [clears throat] human beings. We're the most social primates of them all. And it's where we end up. And it starts even at birth. Uh we are the the most social of all the you know higher or at least say higher organisms but complex creatures on the planet but you also have a physical body you better take take care of that or ain't taking care of you and so vitality and health all your work on smoking and stuff Tony back in the days that you know you were mentioning corporations coming in uh sometimes uh part of what's being sold are things that are hurting in several of the areas that I just mentioned for reasons that we can unpack. Going back to your question, why would it matter? It's also why is it easy if you miss that to succumb to or be victimized by those who are only too happy to make money at your expense by trying to give you what being open aware and active the gauge gives you but in a way that is um cuts corners and avoids the hard questions. So, um, act. But it turns out all of the more, um, impactful methods out there and all of these domains of with human behavior move those processes. That's why they work. And ACT is a little more obvious because we spent so many years trying to figure out what the processes are before we went out and started trying to sell the technology. It took us more than 20 years from the first beginning study on ACT to the first book on ACT. And um you know I did multiple randomized trials and I held some back which is a uh you know a big sin in science. Yeah. I held them back because the outcomes were too good and I didn't want to publish them until I knew why because I thought consumers need to know that it works and why. If you don't have the answer to the why question, you're kind of shooting in the dark and everything has its contextual limits. So, back to your question, I'll flip it both ways since I've created my problem here of why can they book you so easily. They being those who just want to make money and are generally not trying to be evil. They're just trying to make money. That's it. And uh why does it help? It helps because let's start at the end. Where the rubber meets the road is what is of deep importance to you as a person and can you build habits around that? Scaling that to your relationships in your body. It helps because you're clear on what your meaning and purpose is, what your values are. Goals are are not values. People will say, "Yeah, my my values are have a lot of money." It's easy to show that's not true. You say, "What will you do with it when you have a lot of money?" And then things are going to be said. And sometimes what people say is, "And then I'll feel more confident and then people will like me and then they will do D." Wait a minute. There's lots of ways to cut corners to try to get that and it'll blow up on you. There's data with people who have a lot a lot of money who think the money will make them more confident liked by others important in the group and they find a way to make a lot of money. Next thing you know they're selling baseball caps about how they're going to help your group and they're narcissists because it was never really able to expand out into something that where that money would be useful in a deeper way. You don't do it to, you know, patch together a sense of you being a whole and good person. You got to do that work. Uh so that's the first part, open and aware. So if you just [clears throat] do values looking work, what do you really want? Yeah, every business on the planet's trying to do that. They all got their little poster up there and they have their little rahrah teams and it really comes down to we're going to make a lot of money and nice things you can do in money but uh building a meaningful life that really is satisfying to you uh it depends on how you're going to spend that money. So uh what do you need? Well, the emotional and cognitive openness allows you to carry your history in a way that empowers that because we've all had difficult moments in life. We face challenges in life. We're treated unfairly. I mean, we're talking about people who may have economic deprivation. They're treated unfairly. They may be victims of stigmatization, prejudice, things of that kind. [clears throat] That's hard. Okay. Well, you can do some things there that will make your journey even harder. For example, um buy into the emotion. You start feeling small. Uh take that uh start invalidating yourself. uh kind of give you a tiny bit of data and then I'll I'll I saw a study just came of meta analysis of the of what empower is um people have been the victims of racial discrimination to [snorts] handle that in a way that's psychologically healthfully and to prosper. And one of the biggest ones was acceptance which is our term for emotional openness. And you go like, "What? Acceptance? It' be like you're accepting your lot." No. Here, look at the items. Basically, what they're saying is, "My feelings are valid." And when you've been the victim of uh unfair treatment, you're mad about it. That's valid. And and so it's prophylactic. It's helpful to stand with yourself. When you stand with yourself, you know, that leap of faith that my feelings are are worth my attention. We have a word for that actually we call confidence. It's right in the word with faith. FedEance means faith con with there's another example. Many of we sometimes will our minds will tell us we'll be confident when we have certain feelings and we have to wait for the feelings to happen. So, we're kind of like trying to drive the car by sniffing on the exhaust. It doesn't steer from there. It steers from up here. When you're more open, then you can maybe allocate your attentional processes. And where the rubber meets the road and values will be right here, right now. But where your mind goes will be worrying about the future ruminating about the past. You can't change the past. You can learn from it, but rumination doesn't help you do it. The challenges of the future yet to be met. You can think about it and plan for it, but worrying is not that. And there's good data that rumination and worry doesn't help you be more effective. It makes easier to be less effective. So the answer to the question you posed in is when you have on boarded the call mindfulness skills, but doesn't mean meditating under a tree. when you have it could mean that that could be helpful but the ability to be with your history show up in the present [clears throat] and then link that to what you really want to do and extend that to your relationships in your body you're you've put your hands on the steering wheel and and you know the power of your life is there and uh conversely what happens I think with uh the the economic interests is the faith can figure out a way to sell you on the idea that you can have a better life if you just smoke this cigarette, buy this car, take this pill, whatever the thing might be. And you can not do the hard work of figuring how do I onboard my emotions and thoughts when they include things that are hard. How do I show up in the present moment when it includes things that are difficult? you. There's a shortcut for that. Just give me the money and I'll give it to you. And what it does, the shortcuts, short-term gain and long-term pain every time. They figured out a way because smaller sooner beats larger later every single time. That's the kind of creatures we are. And if you learn how to sort of stay true to yourself, you can get through that in a way that you can even face eman economic hardship, let's say, and take the steps that are needed to challenge the system, but also to ally with your neighbors and yourself and begin to turn the corner as a community, as a family, as an individual. And so, uh, I think what's happened is we've allowed short-term reinforcers, we'd say, which that are now managed by gigantic corporations that know how to do this better and better and better and better because they're using science against us. I mean, why does Netflix know how to send? Why does social media know how to drop? Because that the algorithms are reading you. And with tech, everywhere you go, you're being read. Haven't you noticed that if you do one single search for something or product somewhere, suddenly it's now in your all your streams. Yeah. They're all interconnected and they're all selling their data. They're selling you. that w that became very clear in the uh decision in the California case uh against Zuckerberg uh that they were uh they they got the evidence that they were very skilled in keeping people attending and they did it by >> uh people worried about >> it's big and what you're talking about and I hope the folks know I mean this is big tobacco all over again. Oh yeah, >> social media has had scientists figuring out how to, it's a crude way to say it, but milk eyeballs, how to grab them and make sure it you you get fed, [snorts] what allows you never to escape. And that includes children, right? And that includes selling products that are harmful to them. Because once you can grab them and you can sell have that time you can also sell that to other interests who well while you're doing that I can drop in this >> right >> whether it's product placement or actual commercials you know it's very subtle now it's not necessarily like it used to be when you know we had commercials with commercial television which has almost disappeared you know >> yeah we we last year we published a paper on um harmful marketing of tobacco, alcohol, pharmaceuticals, guns, fossil fuels and so on. Uh and there is a movement to try and stop that, but uh there's a lot of work to be done. >> Can I ask a a slightly different question that we didn't >> send to you in advance, Steve, if you're okay? >> Great. >> Kind of playing jazz here with us. Um what for what you just said got me thinking about a lot of people in my generation and in the generation below mine. Um I what I've been noticing is there's this yearning to connect with other humans in in a very real tangible way. I've been seeing a movement of people trying to get off social media trying to live more in the present in community with each other. And at the same time, being in community with others is very sticky. And you know, there's these um there can be conflict. And we've we're all kind of coming out of this cancel culture phenomena that happen for a minute of the moment someone does something you don't like, you block them, you shut them off, you walk away, you never engage with that person again. A lot of my peers have been trying to practice more of a restorative justice framework and more about calling people in and making amends and trying to live in community with each other in which includes all of the stickiness that comes with being a part of a community together. And yet it's also so easy like you're saying the smaller sooner versus the larger later. If I don't want to deal with that, I can just sit in my home all day and just scroll on a screen and it it's almost has like this synthetic it's like a synthetic version of interacting with a social community. Um, and yet it leaves you feeling not satiated. So, there's still that yearning for for social connection. And I'm just curious your thoughts on um how people can apply so psychological flexibility skills um and just the science that you're aware of how how we can use that to bring people together um around ideally, you know, shared values to make collective pro-social action. Um, how do we deal with the stickiness? Especially if you're someone who's always grown up with a phone in your hand and the algorithms, you know, out there trying to lure you in. >> Well, I'm going to say something that's a little bit um wanders away from a simple uh answer for this reason. Um, here's the way I usually describe it. If you look at the tip of your finger, that's less than a square inch of skin. If you were to ask, "How unique is that?" If every single grain of sand on the planet was a fingerprint, and you're saying, "How many grains of sand do I have to go through to find another one like this?" There's vastly more grains of sands on the planet than there are fingerprints of the billions of people on the planet. many many many quadrillions of the answer is more than a million earths. That's how unique one square inch of your skin is. So if you're going to say I'll disagree with you but then roll off. We shouldn't be on social media. No, that's just not true. You can look at the social prosperity person by person. It depends on what you do on social media. It depends. And uh you can create community and develop social skills and all kinds of things. And we actually have in the research that I'm doing on psychological flexibility and how to detect when revolution goes ary and you spin down into the kind of uh scenario you're talking about. Um and when and when that doesn't happen. So we don't want to set us up to be the kagons who said rock and roll is bad for everybody. Please, you know, come on. Every single generation says books are going to destroy us, radio's going to kill us, TV's going Yeah. the challenges get bigger and the changes get faster and we're not th if if you wanted to do and I'm out of the the generation that went back to the land when they figured out that they couldn't do the summer of love and only took three years to before it turned into a nightmare. And I was sitting there on Hippie Hill in the panhandle of of a you know of the park there in San Francisco. So I saw it up close and personal and it turned into needle needles on the ground and dog poop and people light lying next to it. Took three years. Boom. Done. And we ran to the land. What happened? You go visit those folks and they'll come out with a shotgun because they don't want you to see us in the back 40. That doesn't look to me like something that's so great. So, let's not do that. Let's be wiser. Now, I think we've done some things in humans and cancel culture and what's called woke being woke and so forth. Some of that is yet another version of we're going to avoid the hard work by having only the right things to say and the things that never bother anyone and the things that no that's we'll give triggers and if you don't give a trigger I'm g I'm going to you know shame you for saying the words the wrong way. The left has made huge pro errors in that. And what do we see? We could be some political push back. People just saying this is BS. I don't want to have to who said you how who set you up that I have to say the words of my we and so I think it's another phase of psychological inflexibility. However, yes, there are big interests that are taking advantage of this. And yes, we really want to reach out and touch people and have, you know, meaningful direct. And let me give you an example. I'll just give you one of one that's really, really important. People go to school. Most people go to school and it's physical. Most people, it's not just on the earth. We went through some with COVID and we saw how that was a problem. Actually, a lot of people still go to college and almost everything that you struggle with as an adult developed in those years. If you look at how many long-term problems people have, smoking for example. When does it start? Doesn't start when you're 35. Usually, it starts in those era those days. Well, I'm looking at something that came out yesterday. from a a journal called Innovations and Higher Education. Pretty good journal from a project called Healthy Minds. What is Healthy Minds? Been around for 30 years. It was the Healthy Minds project. It was a big grant. Uh Daniel Eisenberg at the University of Michigan, he's now UCLA. It's now has a center also still at Michigan, but also in a BEu at Boston University. And it was simply a process of trying to measure what's going on with college students so that we could figure out is the culture changing? Are these cohorts coming in? Do they need different things? So that we could prevent and put things into the system. Well, what what does this one show? It's a very nice piece from Healthy Minds with um something more than 16,000 [clears throat] participants from 104 universities showing that psychological flexibility includes increases the sense of belongingness while being at college. Why is that important? social support and belongingness in this crucible of going from a child to a young adult to adulthood. This crucial developmental period. Developmental periods don't just apply to 8-year-olds. And it turns out it's crucial in allowing people to create a social environment that can be challenging. You do [clears throat] disagree with your roommate sometimes. If you do have arguments and so forth, yeah, welcome to being human. If you extend psychological flexibility to it, it gives you some tools. In addition to being open to your own emotions, become more open to others. In addition to being able to notice your mind and its thoughts, many of which are goofy thoughts that are not helpful to you. And by the way, just pick something. Pick something you hate that you would criticize somebody else about. My point there is I was talking about this left and right both have the same kind of errors and the same kind of rigidity if you don't do the psychological work. Here at college we're going to meet different people. Well, emotional openness means being more empathetic and compassionate and open to the emotion of others. Cognitive openness means noticing all these different thoughts that you have. And let me just point out if there's things you really hate, let's say racist jokes, how do you know to hate them? You heard them. Can you tell me one that you heard that's really horrible? You don't tell anyone. Yes, you can. That means it's in your head for the rest of your life. If you don't know how to deal with difficult thoughts, how are you going to deal when you hear something say you're gonna say, "Don't say that. Say it this way. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm no longer going to be your friend." Dude, you're failing the test. But you're in order to be with others, you're going to have to Yeah. make room for your own history, which includes stuff you don't like, including things you think and say, and let go of that. Adopt new habits. Yes, that could include things like more sensitive language. Do that also with others. Extend it. So when you socially extend openness emotionally, it turns into compassion and empathy. Cognitively it turns into genuine conversations, real conversations where you can listen, share. Same thing with joint attention. What do we together as roommates, as sorority mates or fraternity mates, as all members of this club, what do we want to attend to? What's of importance? And can we together kind of monitor that we do that? Now, we're moving over into Elellanar Ostrom's core design principles. We're moving over into thing called pro-social that you both know about so so well. And then that sets a stage where you can get results like this where you get a sense of belongingness during this critical period where social connection and belonging will be a foundation. You'll have friends for the rest of your life if you handle it right. >> So Steve I want to pursue um >> you know all the work I did on tobacco and so on. got into public health and public health is simply the incidence and prevalence of problems in a population. You have reached millions of people. Is that a fair? >> It's true. >> Right. >> No doubt. No doubt. And um and you you just described a study that somebody else has done and I could tell you about Doug Carnine's uh kindness and I mean there's a whole bunch of these and I and actually what I've been meaning to do is put on our website a list of all of these people. But the but the question is for me is [clears throat] how how do we get this to work to to address the problems that we have? Uh I I'll give you a a thought I've had about this. You have somebody who's been in a a mental, you know, asylum and they get treated and they're, let's say that they get acted and they're they're really doing really well. That may be, but I don't expect them to to show up at the next uh, you know, Democratic party meeting to change the society. They're still trying to repair things with their their family and so on. Do you see where where I'm getting at? How how well actually let me connect it with this. What Ally and I are talking about is inviting people to an ACT uh program that is designed to help them cope with the stress that they have over the terrible things that are happening. I mean, I have a sister who's just, you know, really so distressed by all of this. But people, I think, don't know what to do. And so I'm I'm asking we [clears throat] how do we know what we're trying to do? >> Here's the way I would I would take this. So I would say how do we scale the the biocschosocial processes that all need to work together to empower healthy persons, relationships, families, uh neighborhoods, organizations. And the cool thing about the life's asking you to be more open, aware, and actively engaged in meaningful life, scaling that to relationships and your body formulation. And the c cool thing about that is that by focusing on the small steps that occur, we can start anywhere because anything you have that's either a positive goal or a problem are going to take small steps to do something about it. And that sentence I give you will help orient you towards what they are. not just with act but with any useful and a powerful uh biocschosocial method. Now some of the ones that are helpful are hurtful because they give you the shortcuts instead of the the real deal. So if let's say you know you go and complain of distress and your PA scripts you antidepressants. They're not anti-depressants. That's a marketing term. Yeah. But they were helpful. It's on the PHQ9 written by a marketer. They were there to sell the chemicals and they've done it. And by the way, if it's highdosese long term, it's hard to back out of them. That's why they're so successful. Why are there billion dollar entities as part of a $ 1.5 trillion industry? We don't want to be guinea pigs for a$1.5 trillion industry. Okay. Okay. Well, how are we going to Well, we do now have direct to consumer ways of helping people to understand what's happening when those distressing things are happening. And we can reach providers who don't morally want to they just want to help quickly. Lower dose tapered linked to psychosocial. Can we put that into into physical medicine? Yes. Can we put it into academic psychiatry? Absolutely we can and when we do what happens better outcomes long term and that's true of all the major areas. Now let's see let's think about how that could be done. I think we're moving because of what's happening with the internet and the rest into a world in which I think everybody knows that it's no longer chunked by what other people put on you. It's what you create. Now, here here's what I'm saying. Uh let's just take uh good AI, good honest AI. You can ask questions and get good answers if you know how to how to answer ask the questions. You can learn things if you're out there anywhere about how to take positive healthy steps and move forward. Can we create a world that is as individualistic in one sense of the term as your fingertip? In other words, as fitted to you. that still allows you to come together in community and not make these big mistakes of let me just take the thing that's anti-depressant when I take it then yeah what's happening is it's downregulating your ability even to feel joy it's dampening your feelings so if you're dealing with a lot of difficult feelings yeah it has a positive effect at the cost of dampening everything else too and then that begins that have a side effects and some of these things become ones that you can't back out of because of the your body adjusting to them. So, but you know the internet will tell you that. It'll walk you through. I'm taking this dose. What will happen over 10 years? It's known. This is not new what I'm saying. And so maybe your phys physician's assistant didn't know it because the, you know, the detail guy who was trying to sell the particular brand and it's all brand new and doesn't have any side effects and it's all nonsense. Of course it does. just we're getting okay. I view view a world where people begin to realize that we are in control of our lives. Kind of think of it this way. Type one change, those folks out there have to change me and they're the experts and I'm a passive recipient. I'll go to my physician. I get this, you know, I hear my neighbor say that, I get that. Now, we're in a world where there's a type two alternative of consumers directly becoming masters of their own world and the tools that are available. You mentioned psychological flexibility. You mentioned how many places it goes. Okay. You want a really good book on psychological flexibility, go to the World Health Organization and you're going to find Doing What Matters in Times of Stress. It's the single most downloaded document in the WHO website. >> We're about to implement it in uh with African Refugees in Portland, Oregon. >> Yeah. And it's right now in the forests of Colombia and it's right now in the you know the bombed buildings of Ukraine. It's it's around the world. And the director of mental health, Mark Van Omran, public health guy, who reached out to me 10 years ago, 12 years ago, and said, "Is there anything we can do about people survive war? It isn't just mental health disorders that happen. It's everything goes to hell." And I said, "Yeah, give help people learn psychological to be more psychologically flexible and extend that to your relationships in your body." Say, "Will you do it?" I said, "You don't want me to do it. I'm too much of a geek." You know, called this guy Russ Harris. He's really good. He's a great popularizer. Created a cartoon book with audio tapes and people with literally elementary school education, sitting with folks in in circles in dirt with nothing but their lives and having watched, you know, their husbands be chopped with machetes on the way out of the war, etc. We now know, I mean, we even have prevention trials with a 50% reduction of the development of so-called mental disorders after you've survived that over a six-month period with nothing more than a cartoon book, uh, audio tapes, and some social meetings by people who are trained to do it, but they're not experts. So, we're damn close, I think, to >> being able to do a runaround the the corporate interests that are trying to wall us off and gather us in. If we take advantage of some of the tech that's happening to build community, including real social communities, but also virtual ones that allow this change 2.0 agenda to happen. And that has to meet the in interests of the particular person. And if I could say one thing about how ACT has spread it around around the world, there's about a million professionals trained in ACT, there's been something like 14 to 15 million copies of books sold in 30 different languages around the world. But if you just do the math of how many people have read it or how many people have been influenced by those about a million professionals just ACBS our main society has had almost 50,000 members over the years that's one little society you know it's tens of millions tens of millions maybe more than that could be even into 100 million >> so and how it was by you know me and four graduate students 45 years ago but what we have done all the way along is try to meet the needs of the particular and do it in a way that gives you tools that answer why that can be extended to the other issues that you have and be extended socially in in other areas. So the smallest set that do the most things for the most people in the most areas. Now I where ACT is weak is where you are strong. Tony, >> thanks for tuning in to the Nurture Effect podcast, a Values to Action initiative. Make sure you subscribe [music] so you never miss an episode. Values to Action is a community of scientists, clinicians, [music] and concerned citizens that seeks to leverage behavioral science, affect change, and make the world a better place for everyone. Join the movement at valuestoaction.org. [music] or

- The Happiness Trap: Evolution of the Human Mind: Kind: captions Language: en The human mind has evolved to think in such a way that it naturally creates psychological suffering. You see back in the Stone Age–200,000 years ago–life was pretty dangerous for our caveman ancestors. So, if a caveman or cave-woman wanted to survive, their minds had to constantly be on the lookout for things that might hurt or harm them. And if that cave-person's mind wasn't good at predicting, spotting, or avoiding danger... What happened to her? The default setting of the caveman mind was safety first and, we in the modern world have inherited this. Our modern minds are constantly warning us of things that might hurt or harm us. The caveman mind says, "Watch out! There might be a bear in that cave, you could get eaten!" "Watch out! That shadow on the horizon might be an enemy from another clan, you could get speared!" Our modern mind then does worrying, predicting the worst, avoiding anything that scares you. Anxiety in all of its different forms. Back in caveman days, you survive an encounter with a bear or a wolf then it's useful to replay it. It's useful for your mind to go over the events and remember what you did to survive, so that you're better prepared for next time. But in our modern world we go over and over painful memories, dwelling on them, re-living them, even when there's nothing useful to learn, or the lesson has been well and truly learned a long time ago. In the Stone Age era, as a caveman or cave-woman, you have to fit in with the group. If you are alone, you will soon die. So, your mind compares you to others in the group. "Am I fitting in?" "Am I contributing enough?" "Am I following the rules?" "Am I doing anything that might get me thrown out?" Now, in modern life we're always comparing ourselves to others. But the problem is we're no longer in a small group. Our groups are enormous today and we carry with us devices that constantly feed us images and stories of people all over the planet. This constant comparison ramps up our fear of being judged, or rejected, or not fitting in, and not being good enough. or rejected or not fitting in and not being good enough. The cave man mind tells you "You need more food, you need more water, better weapons, better shelter." The cave people who thought this way lived longer and had more offspring. Unfortunately, in the modern world, this manifests as greed, dissatisfaction, craving, wanting. It's never enough. I need more! More! More! And if all of that wasn't bad enough these Stone Age thought patterns are intensified by the sheer pace and complexity of modern life. Our frantic existence, rushing from task to task that never-ending to-do list. So, when your mind starts doing this unhelpful stuff—as all minds do— Remember: it's not defective or abnormal. and it's not deliberately trying to make your life difficult. It's simply doing the job it has evolved to do. Trying to keep you safe and save you from pain.

- The Values-Focused vs The Goals-Focused Life: Kind: captions Language: nl De maatschappij vertelt ons dat gelukkig zijn draait om het behalen van doelen. Krijg die geweldige baan, verdien dat geld, krijg een goed lichaam, vind een partner, heb gelukkige, gezonde kinderen, heb een groot huis, heb een mooie auto, ga op vakanties. Doel, doel, doel, doel, doel. En het is waar dat wanneer het je lukt om deze doelen daadwerkelijk te bereiken, er een klein moment van vreugde en geluk is. Maar hoelang duurt dat? Hoelang voordat je naar het volgende doel kijkt, en dan het volgende doel en dan het volgende doel? Als we ons leven leven en voortdurend gericht zijn op het bereiken van het ene doel na het andere, na het andere, hoe vermoeiend en uitputtend wordt dat? Ben jij dit? Er is een radicaal andere manier om je leven te leiden, namelijk een leven gebaseerd op waarden, een waardengericht leven. Het is als twee kinderen achter in een auto en het is 3 uur filerijden naar Disneyland. En het eerste kind is volledig doelgericht: ”Zijn we er al? Zijn we er al? Hoe lang nog? Zijn we er al?” Een rit vol frustratie, het draait volledig om het doel. Het tweede kind is gericht op waarden. Hij heeft hetzelfde doel. Hij wil naar Disneyland, maar hij heeft ook contact met zijn waarden rond nieuwsgierigheid, avontuur en plezier maken. Dus hij kijkt uit het raam terwijl hij ‘Ik zie, ik zie, wat jij niet ziet’ speelt. Hij telt alle interessante boerderijen Die hij onderweg ziet, hij ziet interessante boerderijdieren, koeien en schapen. Hij ziet verschillende soorten vrachtwagens en auto's op de snelweg. Dus in feite waardeert hij de reis, terwijl hij onderweg is naar zijn doel. Nu bereiken ze allebei tegelijkertijd Disneyland. Ze hebben allebei een fantastische tijd in Disneyland, want ze hebben allebei het doel bereikt. Maar het eerste kind had een reis vol frustratie. Het tweede kind had reis vol voldoening en bevrediging. Dan op weg naar huis. Het eerste kind: "Zijn we al thuis, zijn we al thuis, zijn we al thuis?" Volledig gericht op het doel, allemaal frustratie. Het tweede kind kijkt uit het raam, merkt op hoe de wereld er 's nachts anders uitziet, ontdekt de lichtjes van de boerderijen en de ogen van katten bij de snelweg. De auto krijgt pech op weg naar Disneyland. Nu zijn beide kinderen echt teleurgesteld omdat ze geen van beiden hun doel bereiken. Maar het tweede kind had tot dat moment in elk geval een bevredigende reis. Als de sleepwagen komt om ze naar huis te slepen; Het eerste kind: “Nee, het is niet eerlijk. Ik wil naar Disneyland. Hoelang duurt het voordat de auto wordt gerepareerd? Het is niet eerlijk. Het is niet eerlijk." Het tweede kind begint op te merken hoe de wereld er anders uitziet als je voorin een sleepwagen zit, hoog boven de rest van het verkeer. Dus dit is het zeer belangrijke onderscheid tussen op waardengericht leven en op doelen gericht leven. Bij een waardengericht leven, hebben we de vervulling en voldoening van het leven volgens onze waarden bij elke stap op weg naar onze doelen, de voldoening van het bereiken van onze doelen en de voldoening die voortkomt uit het leven volgens onze waarden, zelfs als we onze doelen niet bereiken.

- Deb Dana - Polyvagal Theory Made Simple: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I will get started this is lovely and it's lovely to be with all of you good good afternoon it's good morning for me but good afternoon to most of you I think so let's let's dive in and let's start with this very first um quote the ticknot Han quote Earth will be safe when we feel in us enough safety and if we're going to really explore today how the nervous system is going to help us feel safe find safety create Pathways of connection so the autonomic nervous system is the platform for our lived experience it really is the heart of our daily living experience excuse me um it's our internal surveillance system that's at work all the time listening to what's happening um in our worlds and it's this lovely um biological resource that we all have inside us and we want to make sure we understand this piece that the nervous system is the common denominator in our human experience and it's organized in basically the same way and then it's shaped individually by our experience so we're going to both understand the broad organization and you're going to get an experience of befriending your own particular patterns and the nervous system is really where our stories begin this this lovely figure on the right the autonomic State then gets fed up to the brain where we create a story so even though we think that our brains are the ones that are reading the way that they're creating our stories what in fact is happening is the nervous system is sending energy and information up the pathways to the brain and then the brain is taking that information and making a story to try and make sense of what it's receiving from the body so co-regulation let's start there so we have these two experiences going on all the time we have a drive to survive and a longing to connect and sometimes they work in concert with each other so that are longing to connect and our drive to survive are helping us move forward and to approach into connection into creating these deep um wonderful relationships that that we navigate with and oftentimes this longing to connect and a drive to survive are operating come into connection with someone but we can't quite do it right instead we end up being anxious or argumentative or running away or disconnecting and just disappearing from the relationship and that's when our drive to survive is getting these cues of danger that say don't connect don't connect those are built in to our nervous systems through our past experiences and then we travel these familiar pathways so you might begin to think you know am I in a moment where Am I Longing to connect in my drive to survive are coming in the same direction or is this experience of my so wanting to reach out to this person and come into connection and yet something stops me and that's your drive to survive so here is a quote Stephen Georges is the developer of polyvagal theory and a dear friend and colleague this is his quote trauma is a chronic disruption of connectedness I think that's a really lovely way to think about trauma it's very simple it's very clear and if we're looking at trauma through the lens of the autonomic nervous system this is the experience in a nutshell chronic disruption of and our trauma stories are carried in these states of dysregulation our nervous system dysregulation so we're gonna play around with how do we stay in connection and how do we begin to create Pathways of protection where we have Pathways of or how do we create Pathways of connection sorry where we now have Pathways of protection we are in an ongoing autonomic conversation right this conversation is happening every micro moment we are alive and it's happening between us and ourselves between us and others between us and the world around us and between us and spirit So In This Moment your nervous system is in those four streams of conversation your nervous system and my nervous system are beginning to get to know each other we're having an autonomic conversation where your system is looking for cues of safety and danger and my system is sending hopefully accuses safety towards you although it may be sending cues of danger there may be something in my voice in my appearance in my movements even in my environment here and back it's a cue of danger to you so I'm taking a moment just to settle in and really anchor in my ventral and send you a welcome you're looking at you to send you this welcome into this exploration we're going to go on and see if your nervous system receives that so my nervous system is looking for cues of safety and it's interesting to do that when I'm looking at slides and seeing my own um image right and not hearing from you or seeing seeing you so I will look forward to hearing from you when we get to the chat so we are continuously broadcasting and receiving we are always downloading and uploading information and our work is to stay tuned into this conversation so we have to learn how to do that and then learn how to stay tuned in turning toward this autonomic conversation that's going on so when we send cues of safety we also send an invitation to come into I love that that image that sculpture you know two two and a whole very connecting when we receive cues of safety we feel an autonomic welcome and we feel safe to move into connection and to come into co-regulation with another being like co-regulation back and forth in ebb and flow being with will be send cues of danger or we will receive an autonomic warning from another nervous system when our nervous system takes in that oh there there's a there's a warning being sent to me our reactivity increases in our adaptive survival responses are reinforced so that drive to survive is reinforced when we receive These Warnings autonomic nervous system warnings I don't have to say anything no words needed for me to send a cue of danger out into the world so here we have this beautiful image of what is the social engagement system and these are five cranial nerves that you see coming together in the brainstem and they control our eyes ears voice face and head movements this is your nervous system this is cranial nerve 10 which is the circuit that's going to the heart in that picture that's connecting with these facial nerves these other cranial nerves that allow us to have eye gaze and listen and our voice to send messages on our face to move our head to move this is the social engagement system I want you to take that in for a moment that beautiful image all lit up this is a a human being who is ready to come into connection is sending user safety and looking out into the world for accused of safety we send messages with our eyes and I'm in the United States where I'm wearing face coverings and face masks has become almost um universally required and it's interesting to see what happens when we wander through the world with a face mask so all this is covered right and yet here is where our nervous system is looking for those cues it's around the eyes so yes the mouth is is important to have it gives other signs but if you look at someone behind a mask you can see the smile behind the mask or you can see that the warning behind the mask because it's coming from the eyes so I want you just to look for a moment just take in the eyes and just notice where your nervous system takes you does it feel invited to connect or a warning of danger let me go back a minute to that one and just leave us there for a moment and just notice what did happen in your nervous system when you saw the eyes from other humans from other mammals notice that and your brain likely tried to make up a story pretty quickly but your nervous system was really sending information to your brain so then we have our ears this other part of our social engagement system I love this quote the ear collects the spiraling energy from the cosmos I love that spiral with all those frequencies that make it up this is what our ears are doing all the time they're listening for sounds of welcome or cues of danger right I'm going to talk just for a moment about SSP which is Steve gorgeous's Musical auditory intervention it's five hours of music that has been specifically remastered to calm your nervous system and enhance this beautiful social engagement system that that we just saw in action because listening is dependent on the nervous system depended on our state and it influences whether we are feeling safe to connect or in a survival spots where we need to disconnect and listening provides opportunities to exercise these neural circuits the neural circuits that support both our physical and our Mental Health because our nervous system is the foundation of both of those both are physical and our emotional well-being is based in our nervous systems ability to be flexible so the music in this SSP efficiently conveys cues of safety so if you're interested in learning more you can go to the um their their website and if you decide you want to take the training as a code for you but let's move on to prosody which is the music of The Voice right the music of The Voice the patterns of Rhythm and sound frequency duration intensity is what your nervous system is listening to and it's going to listen to my toner voice the intonation of my voice before it takes in any information that I might be sharing because what my porosity is doing is my porosity is sending a message about what is underneath the words so it reveals the underlying intent of my words so again I'm just going to see is my voice welcoming you into connection so what we know about voice is that a monitor is an automatic autonomic you of danger so I'm going to talk in a monotone voice just for a moment and let you see where your nervous system goes and just know what it's what happened was there a disconnect was there a confusion in the nervous system where it happened inside your I know what happens inside mine when I speak in a monotone voice and it feels very restrictive very confining and I begin to disconnect from what I'm doing so interesting for you to notice what happens right and then there's there's also there are tones of voice that that can just feel um disregulating to our nervous system it can have a familiar frequency to something in our past and we cannot understand quite why we are disconnecting but it can be because of that familiarity of the nervous system from something in the past so that's porosity and I love the research around what we call vocal bursts these are the non-language sounds that we use to communicate oh right you you get the you know what I'm trying to say by by a local burst right and the research tells us that these non-language ways of of connecting are understood across cultures and across species right we talked to our cats dogs horses cows in this way right and that they're understood with a high degree of accuracy so when we don't know what to say we can use a vocal burst because sometimes words are difficult to find the right word is difficult to find I know as a as a clinician I sometimes struggle to find I wonder what the right word to say I know what I want to say I need to find the right word to communicate that to my client and I found a vocal burst does that beautifully the same is true of my you know my friends the people I live with and Love sometimes the vocal bars is just the right thing and you will notice now that you know what vocal bursts are that as you go through the world we use them all the time so begin to tune into those vocal bursts and finally we get to head movement and just you know notice these interesting creatures who are nodding turning their heads tilting their heads so a straight unmoving head is an autonomic view of danger so if I taught the entire webinar today this way without ever moving my head I'm going to do that for a moment and just notice what happens where is your nervous system taking you as I speak to you with still atrocity but I'm not moving my head and then I'm going to invite you for a minute to try that on for size so try speaking to me even though I can't hear you talk to me for a moment without moving your head and just notice what happens inside and while you're playing with an unmoving head now speak to me also in a monitored voice so monotone voice and I'm moving ahead and notice what happens and then keep your head straight don't move your head but add porosity back to your voice and notice what happens and then finally let your head move in whatever way it wants usually there's a gentle tilt that wants to come in sometimes it's a back and forth to shake it out but just notice it happens now when you have porosity and your head is moving I'm all right side tilter you know you can kind of notice for yourself you can go back to an unmoving ad and invite your head to move and I'll do it do I tilt left do I tilt right no research on that I'm just always curious about it to see where people where people go right or left and some people say oh I can go either so here are the elements of the social engagement system that are at work in every moment sending cues out into the world our eyes our voice our head turning until this is the way we send a message out into the world whether we're saying oh I'm available and ready to connect I'm a safe presence in the world or stay away I'm warning you I am not in a place where I can connect right now so I'm sending that I'm also looking so that was co-regulation where I start the first organizing principle and before we move to neuroception I just wanted to say that co-regulation is where we begin when we enter the world right we need another being to help us we don't survive without being connected to another human being our longing when we come into the world is to be met by a welcoming regulated energy that the person whose arms we are in is is welcoming he's sending those cues of safety right that doesn't happen for all of us right and and so if we don't land in a system with a person or people who we can co-regulate with who send those cues of Welcome will predictably show up for us in that way then we have to learn to self-regulate before we really should be doing that right the trajectory as we co-regulate and then we suffer from our place of safety so if you think about your own world you think you know were there people who I safely could co-regulate but who I learned how to send and receive cues of safety or was my world you know filled with people who sent warning or were there some of each I mean most of us have some of each and again we don't need to be in that co-regulating relationship all of the time you know the research tells us that about 30 of the time we're in that place of feeling that that the welcome all the time right it's that the other 70 of the um we are with someone who recognizes there's been a misattunement what we call a rupture and they come and they make a repair they reconnect they then send accused of safety they send an autonomic welcome so what we know is that without a ventral vagal anchor you know without a system that can't use the regulating influence of our eventual Vegas we have health challenges our relationships are in distress and we suffer in our daily experience it's what I'd like to do is we're getting ready to end this is to the central Bagel anchor practice so we're going to identify the predictable who what where and when of your ventral system okay so again if you have paper and income right on it it's a local way to begin to to identify and remember your anchors let's start with who so who is a person in your world who when you are around them or when you think about them your mental system feels welcome you feel that welcome you feel safe to engage who is a person and again for many people from people have been dangerous then who may be a cat in the beginning as a clinician I take the responsibility to show up as a home for my client and I am very willing to be there who as we're creating more regulation so find a who for your system and after we get good at who the who can be um a spiritual being the whom can be someone who was alive is no longer alive but still brings you that sense of welcome can be someone who you don't know but also brings you that welcome but as a first starting place I'd like you to find a who that is a living breathing nervous system that you can connect with so then we'll move to what what is some simple practice you can do some simple thing you can do that when you do it predictably gives you a micro moment of control predictably feels safe and welcoming and again this is not a large practice this is a tiny moment so for me um you know I live in Maine and my back windows look out onto Woods and so a what for me is to Simply look out the back window and as I do it right now we have a beautiful um it's morning beautiful blue sky and seeing the tops of trees and the trees are blowing because it's windy out so that's a that's a a what for me a ventral vagal anchor what for me so what is something you do short little something you can predictably do so then let's move to where where is a place in your world where when you are there or remember being there if you can no longer go there at the moment brings you that ventral vagal sense of oh yes safe welcome where is a place again I live near the near the ocean and so my wear is by the ocean and up until recently I've been unable to go to nowhere because my my ocean my particular stretch of ocean has been closed to to people so but now I can go back to my where my nervous system is very happy about that so where is aware for you and then finally a win when is the time time of day day of the week time of year time when something happens when you feel that predictable tinkering I tell people I'm a morning person an early morning person so that that is a win for me that getting up first thing before the world wakes up and I'm by myself in this moment it's eventual when an anchoring win for me so it can if you found one who won what one where that's a great starting point this is what I do with my clients we do this together and we find one of each and then the creative practice of turning to these when you notice that you're either not anchored in ventral or you're moving out of ventral so that comes back to the question where are you on your map and if oh I'm not in ventral I can grab an anchor to help me return there or if I notice oh I'm I'm on the verge of leaving ventral grab an anchor okay we can also use these to deepen our capacity to be in control right I can I can bring my who to mind and I can just simply be with that experience for a bit of time and deepens that connection so ventral vagal anchors are a lovely way to start to Resource your nervous system right to help you have more capacity to come back to ventral because remember we are not um unhealthy either physically or psychologically unhealthy simply because we leave ventral it's when we leave and get stuck in one of those adaptive survival states that we suffer so flexibility of being able to come back of finding our way back home to ventral is really makes for a resilient system so flexible system is a resilient system or resilience system is one that's filled with flexibility so these anchors are a way for us to do thank you for listening and I hope you enjoyed the show if you'd like to hear the full version you can do so with the weekend University premium membership this gets you access to your master library of over 230 talks and interviews with the words leading psychologist professors and authors as well as transcripts CPD certification quizzes and unlimited access to the recordings from our annual conferences for more information please go to the weekenduniversity.com forward slash membership

  Top Comments:
  1. @jelenamarkovic1601 [6 likes]: Listening to your voice and feeling the state of your state is so regulating, relaxing and restoring. Such an inspiration for my work. Thank you 🙏 I enjoyed this so much❤
  2. @hnc1500 [5 likes]: Anchored is, on the surface, a soothing and compassionate listen. Deb Dana’s voice and tone make the book relaxing, grounding, and comforting — almost like a guided meditation for the nervous system. However, once you start listening critically, it becomes clear that much of what’s being presented as fact is actually based on hypotheses that remain unproven and scientifically contested.

The book leans heavily on Stephen Porges’ Polyvagal Theory — which, more accurately, should be called the Polyvagal Hypothesis. Many experts in neuroscience and psychophysiology have stated that the theory’s core claims are not supported by solid empirical evidence and that there is no strong consensus in the scientific community.

One example is the claim that there is a dedicated framework in the brain for feeling “safe and social”, which Dana presents as a direct link between physiological states and social engagement. Critics have argued that feeling safe and engaging socially are not reliably correlated, and there is no clear evidence of a specific neural pathway that guarantees this coupling.

Furthermore, Dana’s repeated use of the term “energy” is problematic from a scientific perspective. She uses it in ways that could be interpreted as either physical or metaphysical, without providing a clear definition. In rigorous science, terms like this must be precise and repeatable, but in Anchored, it is left entirely to the listener’s interpretation — a communication style more common in woo-woo or pseudoscientific contexts than in peer-reviewed research.

Overall, I see Anchored as straddling a grey area between therapeutic guidance and pseudoscience. While the book is relaxing and can provoke thought or reflection, its overconfident presentation of contested hypotheses and lack of clarity in terminology mean it should be approached with a critical mind rather than taken as definitive neuroscience.
  3. @cassieszenzone [2 likes]: We were never taught how to deal with our emotions properly.
As children, when we reacted honestly — with tears, anger, frustration — it was often seen as too much.
So we were told to calm down.
Be quiet.
Stop overreacting.
But no one stopped to teach us what to do with what we were feeling.
We learned how to suppress.
We never learned how to process.
And now we walk around carrying emotions that were never given space to breathe.
  4. @karadixon1806 [2 likes]: Wow this is what I’m experiencing. And the definition of trauma was so validating for myself and my work with others.
  5. @Thepoeticcloset [1 likes]: Thanks for what you do. My therapist who actually met with you and did a course together. Her names liberty. She is😊 awesome !❤❤
  6. @slimelove3493 [1 likes]: 25:00 " to help you have more capacity to come back to ventral, because remember, we are not unhealthy either physically or psychologically unhealthy simply because we leave ventral it's when we leave and get stuck in one of those adaptive survival states that we suffer. so flexibility of being able to come back, of finding our way back home to ventral, is really makes for a resilient system" 

yes 10000% thanks Deb for saying it like that. i observed this in my roommate she doesn't have any survival stress but she experiences life's feelings fully-- up down feeling big feeling small awkward confident giver taker (emphasis on the taker). but mainly is not using survival energy to manage it , and mainly is focused on herself and her objectives. meanwhile i'm not just in survival stress, im stuck there.
but i am regulating and building capacity and getting better thank god
  7. @Jon.Orsini [1 likes]: This is a wonderful convo and explanation - thank you!
  8. @lamegalectora: I believe this theory has now been fully debunked. I would like to know to what an extent its practice is still useful even though the theory behind it that purports to explain it has been debunked.. in other words,  do I throw all my Polyvagal theory books out of the window.?
  9. @SarahEscobar-p4g: 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
  10. @SarahEscobar-p4g: ❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @gwenpontikes3971: I love your exercise for anchoring ventral vagal system - practical and accessible. I will be incorporating this into my work with clients!  Thank you.
  12. @EmmanuelNtezeyombi-d9t5z: I hope I make people feel safe :)
  13. @EmmanuelNtezeyombi-d9t5z: After this I will listen to All Anngels...songbird, it is relaxing
  14. @Oooobiee: Wow the add at the end 😂 sounds like it says “fuck you for listening”
  15. @veronicaturner2588: polyvagal theory
  16. @jimwillmott6050: So how does emotional and facial blunting by psychotropic drugs relate to the process of coregulation?
  17. @lilyvanleeuwen6525: Very informative and helpful, thank you! 🙏Lily
  18. @martw74: this explains my lack of making connection, its fear driven from trauma....I struggle so much with this, I'm almost paralysed by fear around connection, this is wonderful work thanks
  19. @erikcain9596: That’s interesting. I have a pretty exaggerated right head tilt. I had been a bit self conscious of it because I first found out about it when I learned I have scoliosis. However, I’m really good at connecting with people, and I’m wondering if my head tilt has something to do with that. 

I wonder why there haven’t been any studies done on head tilt. Seems like it could lead to some interesting discoveries
  20. @BrentBaity: What is going on in my ANS when I can't look at myself in the mirror?

- Trauma and the Nervous System: A Polyvagal Perspective: Kind: captions Language: en-US Over half of us have a chronic disorder such as high blood pressure or auto-immune disease. Rates of anxiety, depression, PTSD and addiction are skyrocketing. Why? The roots of these issues and more can often be traced to trauma, adverse childhood experiences, chronic stress and ultimately, Nervous System dysregulation. Meet your autonomic nervous system. (Let’s call it ANS) ANS takes care of a lot of your automatic functions, like your heartbeat, digestion, and body temperature. ANS also manages your survival and stress response, working to keep you alive when your life is in danger. ANS functions as our built-in detection system, constantly scanning our environment for cues of safety and cues of danger. As ANS scans the environment it has 3 general responses, or states: SAFE:You feel calm, relaxed and connected to those around you. Mobilized: When ANS detects danger, it sends a command and your heart rate and breathing increase, adrenaline and cortisol are released, and blood rushes to your muscles so you can handle the threat. This is our Fight/Flight response. Immobilized: When ANS detects that the danger is so great that you can’t fight or run, it shuts you down. In this state, our heart rate, blood pressure and body temperature decrease and pain numbing endorphins are released. This is our Freeze response. ANS does all of this automatically without us thinking about it. ANS doesn’t just use these states for survival, it uses them to navigate through the world each day. When ANS functions well, it moves fluidly from one state to another: one minute mobilized and ready for action, and the next, resting and recovering. ANS will often blend states together: When we play, ANS combines the mobilized and safe states; And when we are intimate with loved ones, it combines immobilized and safe states. When ANS can stay flexible and fluid like this it helps us manage and become resilient to stress and negative events. We’re able to bounce back and move on. Unfortunately, when we experience trauma and stress, it can keep ANS from functioning in a healthy, regulated, and resilient way and can keep us stuck in states of survival. A friendly get-together can become frightening; a simple meeting at work can become threatening. For those with a history of trauma and chronic stress, the ANS detection system often becomes faulty, constantly signaling danger, even when we are safe. It’s like ANS is an alarm system, constantly signaling fire, even when there’s no smoke and no flames. Constantly living in these survival states can be debilitating, and we often develop adaptive strategies like using drugs, alcohol, food, work or sex in an attempt to bring regulation and temporary relief. Understanding how Trauma impacts us is critically important. There is a whole spectrum of experiences that can be traumatizing and adversely impact ANS... Like accidents, assaults and natural disasters, which are often called Shock Trauma’s. There is also developmental or relational trauma: when we experience chronic adversity, abuse, neglect and lack of safety while growing up. Many other experiences can be traumatizing, including chronic stress, medical procedures and Adverse Community Environments like poverty, discrimination, and violence. Additionally, new Research in Epigenetics shows us that trauma can get passed down genetically at least 3 generations. In the past we’ve thought about trauma as events that happen to us. We now know that trauma is an experience, not an event. It is what happens inside of us as a result of what happens to us. It is our response to the event rather than the event itself. Over 20 years ago, Kaiser and the CDC launched groundbreaking study of over 17,000 patients that showed a direct link between Adverse Childhood Experiences (or ACEs) and long term health wellness. In the study, two-thirds of participants reported at least 1 ACE. Over 20% reported 3 or more. When participants reported 4 or more ACEs, this corresponded to an increased chance for heart disease, cancer, drug abuse, and more. With 6 or more ACES, life expectancy decreases by almost 20 years. We are learning that many physical and emotional symptoms may emerge from a chronically dysregulated ANS. When ANS gets stuck in survival states, our biology shifts its focus from the tasks that keep us healthy, happy, and thriving to surviving the immediate perceived threat. Many conditions and symptoms that are chronic and difficult to diagnose and treat can be attributed to a dysfunctional ANS. Our childhood experiences can also keep us from connecting with others. This is vitally important because as children our number one survival priority is to attach to caregivers.When the people responsible for our safety aren’t safe and we are living in chronic states of un-safety, ANS doesn’t get wired right. The part of ANS that judges what is safe and what is not becomes faulty. If intimacy and connection were unsafe as a child, as adults we’ll often unconsciously reject attempts from friends and partners to connect. Even though intimacy and connection is what we want, ANS feels it’s unsafe and won’t allow it. Trauma compromises our ability to engage with others,replacing the need for connection with the need for protection. When there has been trauma, ANS can no longer differentiate between our unsafe past and our now safe present, ANS can’t turn off the need to protect even though we are now safe. So, what can we do when ANS becomes dysregulated? How do we recover from trauma and develop regulated, resilient nervous system? Fortunately, we can retrain ANS to feel safe again. This is best done with the help of others. Each one of us has an ANS and our ANS is constantly communicating with and attuning to the states of others. We autonomically mirror the survival states of those around us. This is called co-regulating. We see it in herd behavior: If one animal senses danger, the entire group becomes more alert, increasing their chances of survival. We’re exactly the same. we’re with others who are stressed, angry or depressed, it makes us feel worse. When we’re with others who are calm and happy, it makes us feel better. Connecting with others who are safe, attuned, present is the best way to restore a healthy For those struggling to recover from the impacts of trauma, there is an emerging field of innovative clinical therapies that have been developed to re-establish safety regulation to ANS. We’re also learning that many of the activities we intuitively know make us feel better - like spending time in nature, practicing yoga, dancing, and helping otherscan help ANS become more regulated and resilient. Healing from trauma and finding release from being stuck living in survival states comes as ANS becomes regulated, increases its capacity for resilience regains its flexibility. It’s not about being calm all the time or mobilized all the time; it’s about having a flexible and resilient nervous system that can accurately assess safety and danger, and responds appropriately. We’re truly resilient when we can fluidly move from one state to another. For those living with the impacts of trauma and chronic stress, becoming unstuck is like beginning a new life. For the rest of us, understanding how our system states guide our behavior can help us become happier, healthier, and more empathetic human beings. Collectively, we have an epidemic of social issues that are rooted in trauma. If we can do the work to heal past traumas and build healthy, regulated nervous systems as individuals, families and communities, we can end the cycles that continue to reinforce our greatest challenges and create a safer, vibrant, and more connected world. •••

  Top Comments:
  1. @coachnehaagoyal [1 likes]: Healing changes when people stop asking “What is wrong with me?” and begin asking “What did my nervous system adapt to emotionally?”

That shift alone changes the entire healing conversation.
  2. @lelouchchess [1 likes]: ANS is an idiot
  3. @Mini-Me [1 likes]: If we stop living in the past and move forward. No problem
  4. @Blathma [1 likes]: holy shit, parden my french Co-regulation is so real
  5. @VinayakMahadev11: My therapist sent me this, I likely have developmental trauma that freezes in social settings
  6. @creativelyjalise: Wow it was so clear simple and creatively expressed! I amen this and I learned ALOT! Thank you all got putting this together!
  7. @KayeBarker-o7c: This is the greatest information I have seen
  8. @laquiciaturner2288: How they know our names 😭😭😭😭😭
Sooooo scary 😨
  9. @laquiciaturner2288: I just find it out. That’s me. That’s me.
  10. @Sneakerkid303: Well said, and what a direct and precise way to pinpoint the cause of the suffering surrounding us... truly, if we all looked within and took care of the inner work calling for our attention... the world would be a better place. Thankyou.
  11. @CrystalMoyer-o2g: THIS is a GREAT and VERY educational and informative video! Thank you for sharing! ❤️
  12. @LailaDehlali: I think my former therapist used these ideas. I am happy to see this again. I got stuck and can't continue with therapy. I don't know what I am running away from. But I hit a point in the therapy session where I just shut up. And can't talk about these things any more and what I feel.
  13. @LailaDehlali: I have period issues but only in specific jobs.
  14. @suppenkleister6467: the best explanation!!!!!! ❤️
  15. @AndreeaCe: I'm pretty rational.
  16. @AndreeaCe: At some of my former job I did had a few colleagues to talk about good topics, were a few. At this job it didn't took long and two of them always open sex topics, the surperficial ones, pretty lame topics. This is their mental level, that's how much they can hold a conversation, on two-three topics, what you dress likes, what you eat, gossiping and shitty sex jokes.
  17. @HlueFa3876: The incidence of reported and unreported abuse, stress emerging from "not fitting in", the disconnect between thinking and emotion, the normalization of accelerated lifestyles, and unhealthy work environments have contributed to a network of numb, angry, isolated, physically and mentally unhealthy people walking unknowingly beside each other ALONE, often projecting their pain onto each other and seeing the problem as all "out there" or all within themselves. 

Yet, compassion and caring from just one safe person can make all the difference in opening a window that offers a person the opportunity to change how they have come to view themselves, others, and the world around them. 

🤞I so hope AI does not become another way to de-personalize us from each other. 

Thank for this short but useful and rich information 🤗.
  18. @conniebosquez: This video helps to understand  alot about why I react the why I do..
  19. @shlobodon: this video sent me in a direction that virtually removed the alarm ive had since childhood
  20. @joelbruneski6486: Very well done. 
My only complaint is that anger is generally portrayed by the male figure. Not always the case and assuming so has damaged many a man 😞

- Dr. Stephen Porges: What is the Polyvagal Theory: Kind: captions Language: en our nervous system is functionally a triangle upside down okay with a point this is the brain stuff I'm talking about the circuits they're being regulated in the brainstem that regulate our underlying state percolate information up to the brain stem and the brainstem literally is transmitting that information to higher brain structures enabling access to different brain areas so that when we're in safe States we can access higher cortical functions but when we're in danger States those systems turn off and we're defensive if we think of this triangle each time we get higher and higher we have greater diversity of expression outcome so I'm talking about basically three states that provide a neuro platform for great diversity of expression if you are in a constant dangerous environment your nervous system is going to find it difficult to detect safety so the can't detect safety is going to be in the state of more fight flight a low threshold to react and when you're in that state you're gonna miss read other people's cues so you're more likely neutral faces as being aggressive you're more likely to see fearful faces as if they were angry so you can really confound difficult relationships so you won't be able to use people to self-regulate baby will they'll become threatening and reactive so if you have a history in which there is no experiences of using people to regulate in a very pro-social positive way people will then become threatening or damaging to you and what I always want to emphasize is that the social interaction will behavior is a neural exercise it's a neural exercise of using newer mammalian structures as its evolutionary newer structures to inhibit very primitive defensive systems so if we feel that we're in safe environments will use our face will use the intonation or a voice and will negotiate a relationship or maintain safety by doing that and this is what friends do this is what lovers do this would supposedly teachers are supposed to do in therapists right if we are a little bit in a more dangerous situation like a novel environment don't know anything about it we'll go into another physiological state that will support fight-or-flight mobilization behaviors and if we can fight or flee get away from something then we've actually negotiated that danger but what if we can't get away from the danger what if we are held down or waiting in confined environment what if we're trapped in a car or a plane or in the bathroom and someone is now going to hurt us the possibilities that we could trigger a third circuit which shuts us down and is that shutdown circuit that makes it's so important in understanding trauma and the polyvagal theory articulates that shut down circuit while most other theoretical models of trauma and and what people would call stress disorders only talked about a fight/flight system okay so that's the core of what I would tell a person about the polyvagal theory and the second component of that core is that these responses are not voluntary our nervous system is picking up information the environment and evaluating that information not on the cognitive level but on a on a subconscious who want to bring back that term but on the neurobiological level were picking up features of risk or danger and our nervous system puts us into those different states and we can become aware of that because when we're in certain environments we may feel our heart pounding and when we ask the question why is my heart pounding and then you'll say well something in the environment must have triggered it but often we don't know the cues that trigger these things so the point that I want to make is first that the polyvagal theory provides us with an understanding of three neural circuits that support different types of behavior one is social engagement behaviors in safe environments the other words fight flight immobilization in heroes and the third one is really a shutting down a second level of Defense

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephss [3 likes]: I have survived 54 years because my nervous system/body wants to keep me alive. It is truly remarkable the risks and situations I look back at, and recognize it was never a higher power or luck, it was my body. Ty for the info. The algorithm is making it's rounds, lol.
  2. @frankstared [1 likes]: What is troubling to me is that trauma survivors are among the most marginalized and oppressed people in the world, yet even this certification "protocol" is locked behind a pay wall. Today, wellness is a indeed  a big and very mean  business.
  3. @maunster6978 [1 likes]: Baseless theory. He is squaring his entire framework off of an incredibly overreaching conception of biology.
  4. @rhondamathis1323 [1 likes]: Lamotrogine
  5. @soulsGoSolo: “constant traumatic environment”- basically this entire planet
  6. @soulsGoSolo: basically don’t Loosh me, bro
  7. @one-more-land: No proof... merely theory
  8. @nathanwilson4506: Dr. Porges, it’s not okay what you did to me. It’s not okay that you ran ekg tests on me without my knowledge at wake med hospital. It’s not okay that you use humans as lab rats. You have no idea the damage you caused. I pray for you.
  9. @KenRichard-e9b3y: Fight, flight, fawn, freeze, or fk.  Beyond fawning, the state can compellnsexual arousal in some people, all depends on the chemistry. Think in times of conquest. Freezing is the equivalent of psychologically being stunned into a paralysis. Fawning is similar to placating, or trying to cozy up to the perceived threat. And then, threatening figures can be perceived as dominant, if they are not fought; and so a sexual attraction may emerge.
  10. @CM4justice: He is incredible. The best way anyone ever explained the relation between our nervous system and many of our manifesting  behaviors.
  11. @user-herenotthere: Trapped in a political environment that is dangerous.
  12. @bullyproofyomama: What if What if What if What if What if a rat is always a rat .
  13. @bullyproofyomama: Rumination and pseudoscientific theory is a thing .
  14. @leadingNALNIII: Information taking by brain stem to the higher brian areas ...if it's  safe and danger 
Three circuits ...

If I am in a constant dangerous environment than nervous system finds it difficult to find safety...
If u can't feel safety then u are in fight flight mode ...and we react and misread others people's cues 
I will didn't neutral face as aggresive anger with me see fearfull faces ....i find it difficult to make relationship...
Social interaction is a neural exercise...
If we are in a dangerous situation then we use fight or flight mobilization behavior ...
What if a environment where trapped in car bathroom that someone is now going to hurt me...
Then that time the possibility is that we trigger a third Circuit the shut down response the dorsal vagal shut down 
Other truamas the stress disorders...
Our nervous system is picking up information from the environment and not on cognitive level but subconscious and neurobiological level also...
The safe risk and dangerous situation and our N.S puts us on this state 
In certain environment our heart pounds something might trigger that heart beat 
Social interaction for neural  
Fight flight freeze the shut down a defensive mechanism...
  15. @YonikMalik: Not supported by mainstream neuroscience - wish that was mentioned in my clinical psych book regarding this.
  16. @oliverhaar2168: I AM
  17. @tiffanyalvarez6542: My nervous system is killing me. Plz help me
  18. @JodBless: All my DP/DR people raise your hand✋
  19. @AmigosColombianos-s7l: Does somebody have the full interview?
  20. @Profile.4: Fake theory

- Polyvagal Theory Explained Simply: Kind: captions Language: en In this video I'm going to answer the question what is polyvagal theory. Now I always think it's&nbsp; helpful to look at an example so let's look at&nbsp;&nbsp; Sarah and as I talk about Sarah I want you to&nbsp; notice how her nervous system moves between&nbsp;&nbsp; three very different states. So Sarah is driving to&nbsp; work with a husband in the passenger seat and they&nbsp;&nbsp; are singing along to their favourite song, her nervous&nbsp; system is in a place of safety and connection, the&nbsp;&nbsp; ventral vagal branch of her parasympathetic&nbsp; nervous system is active, her heart rate is&nbsp;&nbsp; regulated, she feels safe, peaceful, happy, active&nbsp; and engaged. The world feels like a safe place and&nbsp;&nbsp; she is at the top of the autonomic ladder. Suddenly&nbsp; she hears a sirens of a police car coming from behind&nbsp;&nbsp; her and has the thought 'have I done something&nbsp; wrong?" Her heart rate starts to race, her breathing&nbsp;&nbsp; is now short and shallow, she feels anxious&nbsp; and experiences a strong rush of adrenaline.&nbsp; Sarah is now in this sympathetic branch of&nbsp; her autonomic nervous system her fight or&nbsp;&nbsp; flight response has been triggered and the&nbsp; world suddenly feels like a dangerous place.&nbsp;&nbsp; The police car quickly overtakes and Sarah's heart&nbsp; rate and breathing eventually returned to normal&nbsp;&nbsp; and by the time she arrives at work she is back&nbsp; in her ventral vagal state. Later that evening she&nbsp;&nbsp; visits her brother and her mother happens to be&nbsp; there, now her mother has bullied and abused Sarah&nbsp;&nbsp; since she was a young child. Sitting in the living&nbsp; room with her mother she can feel herself starting&nbsp;&nbsp; to shut down, she feels disconnected from the&nbsp; conversation and feels numb, she has moved to the&nbsp;&nbsp; bottom of the autonomic ladder, the dorsal vagal branch&nbsp; of her parasympathetic nervous system is active,&nbsp;&nbsp; her energy is low, her breathing is shallow, she has&nbsp; shut down and dissociated as a survival mechanism.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you can see that Sarah's autonomic nervous&nbsp; system was responding to signals in her&nbsp;&nbsp; environment via three very specific pathways,&nbsp; ventral vagal, sympathetic and dorsal vagal. So polyvagal Theory offers a neurophysiological&nbsp; framework to consider why you act in the way&nbsp;&nbsp; you do and through a polyvagal lens you can&nbsp; understand that your actions are automatic&nbsp;&nbsp; and out of your conscious control. So Sarah was&nbsp; not making a conscious decision to increase her&nbsp;&nbsp; heart rate when she heard the police siren and she&nbsp; didn't decide to shut down when she saw her mother,&nbsp;&nbsp; each response was automatic and unconscious.&nbsp; In fact Sarah's autonomic nervous system had&nbsp;&nbsp; assessed her environment and initiated a response&nbsp; way before she even had time to think about events.&nbsp;&nbsp; The founder of polyvagal theory Stephen Porges&nbsp; coined the term neuroception, this simply means&nbsp;&nbsp; the process of your autonomic nervous system&nbsp; unconsciously scanning for cues of danger, safety&nbsp;&nbsp; and threat. In fact every time you meet someone&nbsp; your neuroception is scanning them and asking&nbsp;&nbsp; are you safe or are you dangerous. Your nervous&nbsp; system then uses that information to control&nbsp;&nbsp; your heart rate, breathing, muscle tension, pain&nbsp; tolerance in fact almost every system in your&nbsp;&nbsp; body changes because your vagus nerve links them&nbsp; all together. In Latin Vegas means wandering. True&nbsp;&nbsp; to its name the vagus nerve wonders from your brain&nbsp; stem, through your heart, lungs, digestive system,&nbsp;&nbsp; liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas and kidneys.&nbsp; So the neuroception of danger in one organ&nbsp;&nbsp; is very quickly transmitted to the other organs.&nbsp; Now healthy individuals can freely move between&nbsp;&nbsp; each state but trauma survivors can get stuck in&nbsp; a sympathetic or dorsal vagal state. For example&nbsp;&nbsp; Stephen was physically abused as a child and&nbsp; also bullied at school, his initial reaction&nbsp;&nbsp; was to fight back but sadly this didn't&nbsp; work and the bullying and abuse continued.&nbsp; His nervous system eventually moved to&nbsp; his last option dorsal vagal shutdown. Polyvagal theory is important here because we&nbsp; know that trauma has interrupted Stephen's ability&nbsp;&nbsp; to regulate his nervous system so the natural&nbsp; pattern of connection is replaced with a pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; for protection, Stephen's nervous system is wired&nbsp; for threat and danger not safety or connection.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because it views the world from a dorsal vagal&nbsp; state his ability to scan the environment for&nbsp;&nbsp; danger has become distorted so his new neuroception is faulty, he overestimates danger and threat&nbsp;&nbsp; and struggles to interpret cues of safety and&nbsp; connection. So Stephen's prolonged and repeated&nbsp;&nbsp; traumas have shaped his nervous system and these&nbsp; wounds require a healing relationship to help&nbsp;&nbsp; him reclaim trust in other people. Now this is a&nbsp; paradoxical challenge, connection feels dangerous&nbsp;&nbsp; for Stephen but he needs connection in order&nbsp; to heal. He doesn't have anyone in his life that&nbsp;&nbsp; feels safe so he enters psychological therapy.&nbsp; Stephen's therapist offers cues of safety by&nbsp;&nbsp; validating his distress, maintaining a soft gaze,&nbsp; a calm tone, actively listening and adopting an&nbsp;&nbsp; open body posture. So she is inviting Stephen&nbsp; into his ventral vagal state of connection by&nbsp;&nbsp; assuring him the environment supports emotional&nbsp; and physical safety. The therapist's nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system is communicating to Stephen's nervous&nbsp; system that it's safe. Now remember polyvagal&nbsp;&nbsp; theory tells us about the hierarchy and if you&nbsp; have feelings of safety you can't have feelings&nbsp;&nbsp; of threat, so Stephen can find his way to safety&nbsp; by experiencing a safe therapeutic relationship.&nbsp;&nbsp; So co-regulation is one of the primary&nbsp; organising principles of polyvagal theory&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's a biological imperative, which means you&nbsp; need co-regulation in order to survive. For example&nbsp;&nbsp; young children have no capacity to self-regulate, they seek co-regulation from their parents or&nbsp;&nbsp; caregivers, they rely on those relationships&nbsp; for psychological and emotional regulation.&nbsp;&nbsp; So your nervous system needs to be in connection&nbsp; with other nervous systems in order to feel both&nbsp;&nbsp; physical and psychological well-being, the key is&nbsp; co-regulating with other nervous systems that have&nbsp;&nbsp; found their way to ventral vagal regulation. So if you are a therapist it's important that&nbsp;&nbsp; you are grounded in your ventral vagal state&nbsp; before you see a client. So polyvagal theory has&nbsp;&nbsp; three organizing principles, one a three-tiered&nbsp; hierarchy, so the ventral vagal, sympathetic and&nbsp;&nbsp; dorsal vagal states. Two neuroception which is&nbsp; your nervous system's ability to assess signals&nbsp;&nbsp; of danger, threat or safety. And three, co-regulation,&nbsp; the need for an organising other to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; turn to a state of safety and connection. Now if&nbsp; you'd like to take what you have learned to the&nbsp;&nbsp; next level please view my video on the window of&nbsp; tolerance which includes strategies to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; move between states, just click the screen to view&nbsp; the video and I look forward to seeing you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @afrilifewealth8743 [2 likes]: This automatically played after watching a so non-related vid. Wow so informative. Really glad I stayed to watch🙏🏿
  2. @soulsGoSolo [1 likes]: basically- don’t Loosh me, bro
  3. @andreaandrea6716 [1 likes]: Wow! I'd never heard of this, or may have heard of polyvagal theory in passing, but had no idea what it is. Thank you for explaining it so clearly and concisely, but also FOR GIVING EXAMPLES!! Yes! It's how I learn best! From examples in people's lives. 
I've just read that the theory 'has been debunked' ... but nothing you've said sounds like anything but good sense... so, WHAT, I wonder, have they decided is 'not accurate'?
  4. @SauerCherries [1 likes]: I’m 25 years old perfectly healthy experiencing Functional Hypothalamic Amenorrhea aka my body is so stressed that I am not ovulating, and hormones are also suffering but I’m supplementing for it. I’m trying to understand why I am always anxious how do recognize when I’m stressed and to cope. Thank you for information like this ❤❤❤❤❤
  5. @TheWisdomOfTouch [1 likes]: Well done. Very clear explanation!
  6. @user-ck6ee5zx9j [1 likes]: ❤
  7. @bearofverylittlebrain [1 likes]: If you have meditated then we are talking about the activation and synchronization of the Chakra system
  8. @bearofverylittlebrain [1 likes]: Being in dorsal chronically creates depression. The same trigger in a rabbit being predates upon by a coyote until the rabbit waits.for the coyote to look up and then..snap..the area of depression in the brain snaps off.and It runs.
  9. @BlueMuon [1 likes]: A therapist just sent me this, kinda blew my mind, it explains so much
  10. @KristinSamantha-n6u [1 likes]: Hi
  11. @gloria2340 [1 likes]: Smoothing voice that helps what ever way I am feeling. Thank you.
  12. @diannetipton8208 [1 likes]: This is why I surround myself with warm cuddly cats.
  13. @WaleedMukhtar-p2j [1 likes]: When someone's body is under high stress or anxiety the brain releases high stress hormones like cortosil and adrenaline and usually cortosil increases the 
craving for sweet food items and junk food. 

But what would be the reason if someone is living in a highly traumatic environment and always highly stressed but they are likely to be deficient in their necessary needs like eating — unable to eat anything at all.
  14. @MikeParker-q3x [1 likes]: I think i'm just like Steven.
  15. @td2222 [1 likes]: What if you're in dorsal vagal shutdown but have still no prejudices towards people because you don't know them?  Am I stupid or naive?
  16. @jenjen882 [1 likes]: This is an amazing video to help understand Polyvagal theory, thank you
  17. @movino.studio: Hey! Hope you're doing well.

I watched your recent video and really liked how you took a complex psychology topic and explained it in a calm, structured way that was easy to follow. The way you broke each idea into smaller, practical points made it much easier to understand instead of feeling overwhelming. I genuinely enjoyed the approach.

I'm Setia. I run a small editing team that works with YouTube creators on long-form videos, Shorts, and thumbnails. Your content already has a strong educational style, and I thought having an extra hand with editing could simply help you save time while keeping your voice and teaching approach exactly the same.

No pressure at all—I just wanted to introduce myself. If you're ever interested, I'd be happy to put together a free sample edit so you can see if our editing style is a good fit. Either way, keep up the great work!
  18. @rashmigama2417: This explains why I was constantly unwell after I married and always felt safe with my parents, children and friends.
  19. @porky1118: 2:00 I don't understand why sympathetic is in the middle. Sympathetic and dorsal vagal seem like the opposite. And ventral vagal is the neutral positive state.
This model seems like a simplification/explanation of the Gunas from Ayurveda.
  20. @marshallrobinson1019: In a very minute cross-section, some of this could be explained by OSDD and DID—especially if there was trauma induced by pain.

- Polyvagal Theory Made Simple: Kind: captions Language: en-US Polyvagal theory, developed by Dr Stephen Porges,&nbsp;reshaped our understanding of the human nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system and the body's response to threat and&nbsp;social interactions. Before polyvagal theory,&nbsp;&nbsp; the nervous system was thought to act in a binary&nbsp;manner, like a light switch with the body's&nbsp;&nbsp; stress response being in an on or off state.&nbsp;According to this perspective, threat causes the&nbsp;&nbsp; autonomic nervous system to activate a 'fight-or-flight' response, and once the threat is gone,&nbsp;&nbsp; we return to feeling safe and calm. According&nbsp;to Dr Porges, human responses to stress are too&nbsp;&nbsp; varied and nuanced to be adequately explained by&nbsp;a binary model. Instead, he proposed a three-part&nbsp;&nbsp; hierarchy, like a ladder. At the top of the&nbsp; ladder is ventral vagal social engagement. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is a state of safety in which we can emotionally relate and connect to others. In this state we can&nbsp;&nbsp; feel more open, peaceful and curious. Moving down&nbsp;one rung we get to sympathetic activation. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; a defensive state in which the body mobilises&nbsp;us for 'fight-or-flight' in order to quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; dispatch threat. To do this, our heart beats&nbsp;faster, our breathing becomes fast and shallow,&nbsp;&nbsp; our muscles tense, and stress hormones flood our&nbsp;body. At the bottom of the ladder is dorsal vagal&nbsp;&nbsp; shutdown. When our nervous system is intensely&nbsp;activated and we still can't dispatch the threat,&nbsp;&nbsp; a protective part of the nervous system shuts&nbsp;down or freezes, like a turtle withdrawing into&nbsp;&nbsp; its shell. We may flop to the floor or curl&nbsp; up in a ball. Our heart rate, blood pressure,&nbsp;&nbsp; and facial expressions all decrease. We may&nbsp;have difficulty thinking and speaking clearly,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we can feel numb, dizzy, or disconnected. Here's a very simple example of the polyvagal&nbsp;&nbsp; ladder in action. Jane is enjoying a video call&nbsp;with an old friend. She's in a ventral vagal state&nbsp;&nbsp; and feels safe and able to connect and empathise&nbsp;with others. A loud crash upstairs startles her.&nbsp;&nbsp; Jane's sympathetic nervous system responds to&nbsp;the potential threat by mobilising her body&nbsp;&nbsp; for fight-or-flight. Jane's pupils dilate, her breathing becomes shallower and her heart beats&nbsp;&nbsp; faster. Alternatively, Jane might respond&nbsp; by entering a dorsal vagal state, a kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; "playing dead" survival mechanism of last resort.&nbsp;Jane becomes still and holds her breath. She is unable to communicate with her friend or take any&nbsp;kind of action. How Jane's nervous system will&nbsp;&nbsp; react will depend on a range of factors, not&nbsp;least her previous life experiences. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; key part of polyvagal theory is the role of the&nbsp;vagus nerve. In Latin, vagus means wandering,&nbsp;&nbsp; and true to its name, the vagus nerve wanders from&nbsp;the brain stem throughout the body, regulating&nbsp;&nbsp; many bodily functions, including heart rate,&nbsp;breathing, digestion, and immune function. The&nbsp;&nbsp; vagus nerve is responsible for the body's "rest&nbsp;and digest" response, as opposed to the "fight&nbsp;&nbsp; or flight" response of the sympathetic nervous&nbsp;system. There are two branches to the vagus nerve;&nbsp;&nbsp; ventral, meaning front, and dorsal, meaning back. A good way to understand the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; is to think of the ventral as a footbrake that&nbsp;slows you down allowing you to enter a calm and&nbsp;&nbsp; safe place, and the dorsal as an emergency brake,&nbsp;stopping you immediately in your tracks. The vagus&nbsp;&nbsp; nerve is part of the parasympathetic nervous&nbsp;system, which itself is part of the autonomic&nbsp;&nbsp; nervous system. Don't worry too much about these&nbsp;details. The key point is that the vagus nerve&nbsp;&nbsp; is separate from the sympathetic, fight-or-flight,&nbsp;pathway. The goal of the autonomic nervous system&nbsp;&nbsp; is to keep us safe and alive, and it achieves this using something called neuroception,&nbsp;&nbsp; which works a bit like an internal smoke &nbsp;detector for cues to safety and danger. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; Jane had time to think, neuroception in &nbsp;her body had already scanned her environment&nbsp;&nbsp; and used this information to make changes to&nbsp;her heart rate, breathing, and muscle tension&nbsp;&nbsp; via the vagus nerve. Neuroception takes place&nbsp;automatically and without involving the thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; part of our brain. It's the reason why you might&nbsp;feel uneasy in a situation without consciously knowing why. Neuroception is essential to survival&nbsp;as it allows us to react rapidly to potential&nbsp;&nbsp; threats and social interactions. Co-regulation&nbsp;is another core component of polyvagal theory&nbsp;&nbsp; and is fundamental to feeling safe and secure in&nbsp;relationships. The autonomic nervous system does&nbsp;&nbsp; not work in isolation and is regulated through connections with other nervous systems. These&nbsp;&nbsp; nervous systems support and influence each&nbsp;other through the mutual sending and receiving&nbsp;&nbsp; of signals for safety. Through co- regulation,&nbsp;emotional and physiological states, such as heart&nbsp;&nbsp; rate and breathing, become synchronised. When we&nbsp;feel safe and supported by others, our autonomic nervous system can manage stress and emotional&nbsp;responses better. This is why polyvagal theory&nbsp;&nbsp; is sometimes called the "science of safety." Co-regulation begins in the womb when an unborn&nbsp;&nbsp; baby hears its mother's voice, which becomes a&nbsp;comforting sound. As an infant, they associate&nbsp;&nbsp; this voice with other comforting cues, such as&nbsp;a parent's smile, and as a toddler, they learn&nbsp;&nbsp; to seek co-regulation from their parent whenever&nbsp;they feel distressed. Even when we learn to self- regulate, we continue to seek co-regulation&nbsp;so that we can feel safe, calm, and connected&nbsp;&nbsp; to others. Co-regulation can be more difficult&nbsp;for those who've experienced chronic stress or trauma as they may find it harder to establish a&nbsp;sense of safety. Faulty neuroception, that is,&nbsp;&nbsp; the inability to accurately assess whether a&nbsp;situation is safe or dangerous, can cause us to&nbsp;&nbsp; become hardwired to experience threat, stress, and&nbsp;anxiety, even when we're safe. As a consequence,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can become locked in a protective&nbsp; fight-or-flight or shutdown state,&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to connect with others. If we don't have&nbsp;a safe relationship in our life, we can get back&nbsp;&nbsp; to a ventral vagal state with safe therapeutic&nbsp;relationships and exercises that activate the&nbsp;&nbsp; vagus nerve. Even noticing micro-moments of peace&nbsp;or joy, known as glimmers, can help us to get back&nbsp;&nbsp; to a ventral vagal state faster. Like muscle&nbsp;toning, it's possible to increase vagal tone so&nbsp;&nbsp; that we can cope better with stress and return to&nbsp;a ventral vagal state faster. Here are some ways&nbsp;&nbsp; to activate and tone the vagus nerve. Breathing&nbsp;deeply and slowly from the diaphragm stimulates&nbsp;&nbsp; the vagus nerve. Techniques such as 'box&nbsp;breathing' and 'physiological sighing', that is,&nbsp;&nbsp; two inhales followed by an extended exhale, have&nbsp;been found to lower blood pressure and heart rate. The vagus nerve is connected to muscles at&nbsp;the back of the throat. Gargling contracts the&nbsp;&nbsp; muscles of the pallet, which stimulates the vagus&nbsp;nerve. Vibrations caused by singing, humming, and&nbsp;&nbsp; chanting stimulate the vagus nerve, which passes&nbsp;through the vocal chords and the inner ear, and is&nbsp;&nbsp; linked to increased heart rate variability,&nbsp; reduced illness and improved well-being. The&nbsp;&nbsp; vagus nerve is stimulated when the body is exposed&nbsp;to cold. Cold showers, splashing your face with&nbsp;&nbsp; cold water, or a blast of cold air through an&nbsp;open window dampen the fight-or-flight response&nbsp;&nbsp; and increase the rest and digest response. Vigorous movement (like walking and running),&nbsp;&nbsp; weightlifting, and somatic exercises are good&nbsp;for our cognitive faculties, gut flow, and vagal&nbsp;&nbsp; tone. Laughter induces diaphragmatic breathing,&nbsp;which stimulates the vagus nerve, lowers blood&nbsp;&nbsp; pressure, and improves mood. Body scan meditation&nbsp;can also activate the vagus nerve. Lie down and&nbsp;&nbsp; close your eyes. Starting at the top of your&nbsp;head, scan down through your body, noticing areas&nbsp;&nbsp; of discomfort. Take deep breaths and imagine&nbsp;sending relaxing energy to each part of your body. Self-havening is a technique involving&nbsp;the touch of hands, upper arms, and face.&nbsp;&nbsp; Specific motions such as cupping your cheeks or&nbsp;crossing your arms (like a self-hug) stimulate the vagus nerve. Polyvagal theory has reshaped&nbsp;our understanding of the nervous system and the&nbsp;&nbsp; way we view stress, behaviour, and well-being. I hope you found this video useful and if you have&nbsp;&nbsp; any questions about polyvagal theory, I'll do my&nbsp;best to answer them in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Taizun111 [7 likes]: I AM FINALLY FREE FROM DORSAL VAGAL FREEZE AFTER YEARS. I can finally eat again and sleep again and breaaaathe again omg
  2. @MindKnown [1 likes]: You might also find my Polyvagal Workbook useful: https://buildabalancedbrain.com/products/polyvagal-theory-nervous-system-regulation-handbook

Use the code CALM10 for 10% off as a thank you for being here. 🙏
  3. @LeahBensonTherapyTampa [1 likes]: PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: The Pseudoscience of Polyvagal Theory

What Your "Trauma-Informed" Therapist Might Be Getting Wrong About Your Nervous System.

First: This is not about WhEtHeR POlyVAgAL "WoRkS" or not. It is about its "scientific" underpinnings.

Polyvagal Theory (PVT) is marketed as the "science of safety," used to explain everything from social anxiety to chronic trauma. 

However,  predictive processing and a landmark 2026 consensus paper led by Paul Grossman and 38 world-leading physiology experts make it clear. There is a massive computational and "biological gap" between PVT marketing and current cognitive and evolutionary science.

1. The "Vagal Myth" of Evolution
PVT claims the human nervous system evolved in three distinct, hierarchical stages (the "Vagal Ladder"). Science says otherwise.

The Anatomy is Wrong: PVT teaches that the "old" dorsal vagus only causes freezing/fainting and the "new" ventral vagus creates social connection. In reality, both pathways are ancient, work together, and exist in nearly all mammals.

The "Ladder" is a Lie: Evolution does not work like a ladder where "higher" levels override "lower" ones. Your nervous system is an integrated web, not a tiered cake.

Respiratory Sinus Arrhythmia (RSA): PVT uses RSA as a "pure" measure of the ventral vagus. Scientific consensus proves that RSA is heavily influenced by breathing rate and depth, making it an unreliable metric for "emotional safety" when used in isolation.

2. The Hazard of "Biological Essentialism"
The danger of PVT is that it reduces complex human experiences to oversimplified—and often incorrect—biological "states."
Pathologizing Physiology: By labeling certain states (like "Dorsal Vagal Shutdown") as "primitive" or "bad," therapists can inadvertently make patients feel like their bodies are broken or "evolutionarily stuck."

Ignoring the Mind: PVT suggests that you can "hack" your way to mental health through purely physical cues. This ignores the role of narrative, culture, and cognitive appraisal in how we actually feel.

Clinical Oversimplification: Therapists may focus on "toning the vagus" while missing the actual psychological or systemic issues causing a patient's distress.

3. Why This is "Bad Science"
In a rigorous clinical setting, data must lead the theory. In Polyvagal Theory, the theory often ignores the data.

The "Just-So" Story: PVT acts as an explanation that sounds plausible but lacks empirical proof. The 2026 consensus highlights that there is zero evidence for many of PVT’s core claims regarding the specific "social engagement system."

The Placebo of Certainty: PVT provides a sense of certainty by using "sciency" terms, which can act as a powerful placebo. 

However, basing treatment on a false map of the body can lead to a dead end when complex symptoms don't resolve through simple "vagal exercises."

​4. Predictive Processing: Why the Brain is Not a Passive Switch.
​Polyvagal Theory relies on a Reactive Model of the brain: an external stimulus happens, and your vagus nerve "switches" you into a specific state. Predictive processing flips this on its head, proving that the nervous system is proactive, not just reactive.
​
Top-Down Construction: In the PP framework, your brain isn't just "receiving" safety or danger signals from the vagus nerve. Instead, the brain is constantly generating predictions about what is happening in the body based on past experience, context, and expectations. Your "state" is a best-guess construction, not a mechanical response to a nerve impulse.
​
The Error of Interoception: PVT suggests that "Dorsal Vagal" states are biological facts. Predictive processing shows that these states are actually interoceptive inferences. If your brain predicts that a situation is inescapable, it will down-regulate your system. The "shutdown" isn't caused by a "primitive" nerve; it is a sophisticated, high-level calculation made by the brain to conserve energy.
​
Context Over Anatomy: PP explains why two people can have the exact same physiological "vagal tone" but feel completely different emotions. One might feel "calm" while another feels "bored" or "depressed." PVT ignores context dependency, whereas Predictive Processing proves that your beliefs and environment determine the "meaning" of your physical sensations.

THE REALITY CHECK FOR PATIENTS
You have the right to Scientific Transparency. 
Your nervous system is a sophisticated, integrated masterpiece—not a series of primitive switches. Demand that your therapist respect the actual complexity of your biology.
  4. @jodienglish6483 [1 likes]: Very informative video. I really enjoyed it but the music is irritating and distracting. Would be awesome if it was made with a soft, calming background noise.
  5. @aciddiver1978: The constant awareness of threat. Very exhausting.
  6. @Mg-grows: Rip
  7. @BrainShadePsychology: This was one of the clearest explanations I’ve seen on this topic. Understanding how our nervous system responds to safety, stress, and connection can make so many experiences suddenly make sense. It’s fascinating how much of our behavior is influenced by automatic responses that we’re not always consciously aware of.
  8. @joellenoakes4434: God has made a very unique body in his image.
  9. @estherballa_PRANATREE: Thank you so much! This video is by far the best visual & practical explanation about ANS / Polyvagal Theory 🙏🏻what a gift you‘re sharing this very valuable information ❤
  10. @stmary876: This is really informative. 5 stars all the way! ✨✨✨✨✨
  11. @thisismynamepal: This was debunked
  12. @raf3850: Vous mélangez parasympathique / sympathique avec vagal dorsal / ventral…

Et… physiologiquement cette théorie est contestée scientifiquement.
Elle aide à comprendre les réactions mais non le système nerveux. Et votre vidéo ne le montre pas assez
  13. @bigbigpedro100: Really interesting video  can you damage your vagus nerve through massage for example?
  14. @polencio: Tldr Defib. Zzz vs sleep vs 🫨⚡☠️ the limbic system trying to survive. As the last working system.
  15. @Pastor-Miguel-Antonio: polyvagal theroy is untenable. Stop teaching the weak minded that they are a meat computer
  16. @frithfiver: I've been reading lots on this but the video format is extra helpful, thank you!
  17. @deadbeatboy: You need a de-esser with your microphone
  18. @RosieWilliamOlivia: I really want to listen to this, it seems interesting, but the music it too loud and too intrusive.
  19. @ChristianCline-b7p: I wonder if you can reverse-engineer this. Engage socially a lot so that you'll be as far from shutdown as possible.
  20. @Sheaf: Polyvagal theory is made up nonsense with no basis in physiology. The traditional understanding of the nervous system is correct.

- Cognitive Defusion EXPLAINED: Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT): Kind: captions Language: en diffusion is one of the core processes of acceptance and commitment therapy it's something i spend a lot of time working on with my clients and it's a totally made-up word which makes it a lot of fun to say so let me walk you through an example to understand how diffusion comes into play and how it can be beneficial in your life imagine there's someone you met that you're interested in maybe you find them really cute or they're really funny or kind or a million other little things and through talking you get the sense that they might be interested in you but as soon as you start thinking that as soon as you start kind of deciding oh maybe i'll flirt back maybe i'll ask them out your mind trips up and it's mean it pulls out every bullying condescending ex and high schooler you have ever encountered it tells you why would that person be interested in you oh my god you're so embarrassing and awkward you can't message them that many times they're gonna think that you're a stalker their way out of your league don't even bother trying and so you withdraw because the thoughts are true because you are a loser and ugly and stupid and unworthy of anyone ever loving you or finding value in you this is what happens when we buy into the randomness that our mind throws at us we get fused with our thoughts and our experiences when you have the thought i'm going to be alone forever or that person definitely doesn't like me or i'm not x enough for them and you believe that that's true it pops into your head and you're like yep that's fact it limits how we show up in the world because if that's true then why would i ever shoot my shot why would i ever reach out to them flirt with them ask them out why would i keep showing up even if it's something that's important to me if it's never gonna happen and unfortunately the longer we've had these thoughts these memories these sensations these feelings the more examples we have to point to to go like see there is something wrong with me this is just who i am more fused we get with that idea the more we buy into it and believe that it's true and the smaller our world gets now i can't promise through diffusion exercises and techniques that that person will say yes if you ask them out but i can say that if we can learn to get a little bit of space from what's happening up here and in here and how we interact with the world what we choose to do next you get the chance to show up to the world in a more authentic meaningful way when we're fused it's like this one-two punch thought response it might feel automatic it might feel like you have no control over it right you feel an urge you do the action you get angry you yell you get embarrassed you shut down you wonder what if you go down an endless rabbit hole that leaves you with more what ifs and worries what diffusion helps us do is pause and look at that pattern see if how we are responding and reacting to what's showing up how it's working for us and the better we can get at noticing that pattern that thought and reaction the better we get at creating that space and in that space is where you are in control of your life our mind throws out thousands of random thoughts a day our body throws out lots of weird signals you feel a hundred different things throughout the course of the day and we have a lot of memories and b-roll running through our head when that thought or feeling shows up we don't have blinders that are keeping us looking forward we can pull that down and see the world in front of us we can choose something different i can have the thought there's no way that person could be interested in me and ask them out i can't do it without feeling like i'm going to throw up but i can take a step i can choose how i want to show up to the world instead of just believing that everything my mind says is real or true narrowing my world based on that my favorite question to ask myself when i'm like really caught up in my head really stuck on a thought really kind of down a mental rabbit hole simply is this working for me is this helping me and like 90 of the time the answer is no and then i ask myself okay what is one thing i can do that's more aligned with the person that i want to be it's more in line with my values and at first it might be i'm just going to take a breath i'm just going to sit back and i'm going to notice the buzzing in my head or describe the sensations in my body and i might go on and do the same thing i normally do but at least i've created a little bit of pause a little bit of delay and if i can begin to do that more and more and more and create that more space if i can defuse from what i'm experiencing then it gives me more of a chance for me to be in control of how i show up next and what i do next what if instead of i'm not good enough it's i'm having the thought that i'm not good enough i'm noticing that my mind is telling me suddenly it doesn't feel as scary it doesn't feel great but it doesn't feel as like capital t true i'm able to acknowledge oh this is a thing my mind's throwing out it gives me a little breathing room to decide what to do next and the next step is learning just how to be present pay attention to what's happening in this moment right now so we can see that one-two punch and i promise you it's more than mindfulness exercises check out my next video to see how

  Top Comments:
  1. @redlilwitchy6088 [1 likes]: I am an LPC who has chronic pain, and angry adult child with SMI. I have taken off ten years, all while maintaining my CEU's.
I love that I found you. I was "feeling outdated", as a therapist.  I had to remind myself, I just  need to be more active. Refresh and learn new modalities. Brush off the dust from all my past work and knowledge ✨️
Thank you!
  2. @kevinarndt6110 [1 likes]: A question that I have with this approach is: How can you essentially re-wire your thought process towards neutrality if everything around you reinforces bad thoughts about yourself? 

To me it only seems logical that if the world is constantly and absolutely (100% of the time) giving you feedback that you are not good enough, how do you honestly look past that or reframe that in other ways where your logical brain is telling you that all the evidence is against you?

Thought experiment: If you walk up to 1,000 people and try to sell them an egg and every single one says no because it is rotten, how do you diffuse your thinking to confidently walk up to the 1,001st person thinking this one will be a yes when everything (smell, color etc.) and everyone else has said it is bad?
  3. @blanktester [1 likes]: I hate watching videos like this because the first 2 minutes describing a scenario either A) doesn't at all reflect my lived experience or B) (still) makes me feel like absolute dogshit before we even get to anything helpful. I just want peace from my misery.
  4. @k.debabrataachary6940: Hi madam I have gynophobia... When I see a group of women I am fear with out no reason....
  5. @winterkhanh5198: thank you so much for your presence in youtube
  6. @JulieGloer: Thank you
  7. @TheBierman19: great video
  8. @phutiennguyenngo755: i think you should say the main idea sooner and how you do the Cognitive Defusion method
  9. @ilaakdevi: Isnt this the same thing as mindfulness?
  10. @akstark9133: Very helful. God bless you doctor.
  11. @talusrs: Cognitive Defusion reminds me so much of Big Bad World One by JoCo - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VZub4Ci1D8
  12. @fatoni698: All words are made up...
  13. @JonathanGreen-w1d: this was super helpful and very clearly said! Thank you!
  14. @GloriaSoares-h7w: I'm just about to finish my Counselling Diploma and I really enjoy your videos. I'm learning a lot from you.
  15. @APRILSUMMITT: You break things down easily, you are a natural at this! Thank you
  16. @harshitpathak2452: I am stuck in a loop of thoughts i was aware today i think its normal but realized that it was a loop. From more than 2 months. I have thoughts related to self harm etc even i am happy with my life why this happens with me
  17. @Nravota1: The most meaningful video i have found on YouTube.
  18. @Bananaaabread: Why do these thoughts pop up? I used to not have them but after a toxic relationship I constantly get them 😢
  19. @dlissett821: Brilliant❤
  20. @alicequayle4625: Ok I really like the idea of taking little steps in line with your values. Lots of little decisions in the present.

- The Choice Point: A Map for a Meaningful Life: Kind: captions Language: nl De hele dag door doen mensen dingen, al is het maar slapen. Sommige dingen die we doen bewegen ons naar het soort leven dat we willen. Dan gedragen we ons als de soort persoon die we willen zijn, doen we dingen die het leven rijker, voller, zinvoller maken. We noemen deze de toe naderende acties. Andere dingen die we doen bewegen ons weg van het leven dat we willen leiden. Dan gedragen we ons ineffectief. Dan gedragen we ons niet als de soort persoon die we willen zijn, dan doen we dingen die het leven op lange termijn slechter maken. We noemen dit vermijdende acties. Als dingen goed gaan, als het leven ons geeft wat we willen, is het best makkelijk om toe naderende acties te doen, om effectief te handelen, de dingen te doen die het leven rijker en zinvoller maken. Maar helaas, het leven is meestal gewoon niet zo makkelijk, en het geeft ons meestal niet wat we willen. en gedachten en gevoelens naar boven. We ervaren misschien emoties zoals bezorgd zijn. We maken misschien rampscenario's, voorspellen het slechtste. Mogelijk komen er gedachten op als: ik ben niet goed genoeg, ik ben een loser, ik ben een mislukkeling, het leven is vreselijk en het is allemaal te moeilijk. Helaas raken we snel vastgehaakt door deze moeilijke gedachten en gevoelens, en bijna elk psychologisch probleem, van stress en angst, tot depressie en verslaving, komt neer op dit basis proces. We raken vastgehaakt door deze moeilijke gedachten en gevoelens en we gaan vermijden. Maar, er zijn tijden waarop de meeste van ons, in staat zijn om los te komen van deze moeilijke gedachten en gevoelens en toch toe naderende acties te kiezen. En hoe beter we hierin worden, hoe beter het leven wordt. Dus dat is waar deze aanpak om draait. We gaan een aantal helpers inschakelen, om je te helpen beter te worden in het kiezen van toe naderende acties. Als eerste stap gaan we je helpen je waarden te identificeren. Om wie je geeft, wat belangrijk is voor jou, wat voor persoon je wilt zijn.

- Cognitive Fusion and Defusion in ACT (Acceptance & Commitment Therapy): Kind: captions Language: en-US There's a type of mindfulness-based therapy&nbsp; called Acceptance and Commitment Therapy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and an important concept in&nbsp; Acceptance and Commitment Therapy&nbsp;&nbsp; is the idea of cognitive fusion and defusion. Cognitive fusion describes those times when we're&nbsp;&nbsp; so tightly stuck to our thoughts that we become&nbsp; fused with them. We can't separate ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; from our thoughts, and so our thoughts become our&nbsp; reality. And when we're in a state of cognitive&nbsp;&nbsp; fusion, we can feel removed from the world&nbsp; outside our thoughts, and from what we're doing,&nbsp;&nbsp; and from the people around us, and it can be hard&nbsp; to pay attention to anything outside our head. &nbsp; The opposite of cognitive fusion is cognitive&nbsp; defusion. Cognitive diffusion involves taking&nbsp;&nbsp; a step back from what's going on inside our minds&nbsp; and detaching ourselves from our thoughts. In this&nbsp;&nbsp; state of diffusion, we can observe our thoughts&nbsp; without getting caught up in or lost in them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we can just allow them in and accept them&nbsp; and let them be and let go of them if we want. One way we can practice cognitive diffusion&nbsp; is to label your thoughts. Anytime you notice&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're starting to be fused with your&nbsp; thoughts, you can simply take a step back&nbsp;&nbsp; from your thoughts by labeling them as thinking,&nbsp; or daydreaming, or worrying, or ruminating, or&nbsp;&nbsp; planning. Just labeling whatever type of thought&nbsp; you're having with a one or two-word description,&nbsp;&nbsp; and doing this helps you take a step back from&nbsp; the thought and focus less on the content of&nbsp;&nbsp; your thought and more on just the fact that&nbsp; you're thinking, or worrying, or day dreaming,&nbsp;&nbsp; or whatever the nature of your thought is.&nbsp; And this makes it less likely that you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; get sucked in by those thoughts, or carried&nbsp; away by them, or become fused with them. Or you can say to yourself, "I'm just&nbsp; thinking, just worrying." And putting&nbsp;&nbsp; the qualifier "just" in front of the thought&nbsp; helps take away some of the power of that&nbsp;&nbsp; thought and makes it easier to let go. Or you can label the content of your thought&nbsp;&nbsp; as being just a thought. So if you're thinking, "I&nbsp; can't do anything right," you can reframe this as,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm just having the thought I can't do&nbsp; anything right." Or if you're thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This is going to be terrible," you can reframe&nbsp; that as, "I'm just having the thought that this&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be terrible." Instead of "Nothing&nbsp; ever goes my way," "I'm just having the thought&nbsp;&nbsp; that nothing ever goes my way." And by prefacing&nbsp; our thoughts with the disclaimer that this is&nbsp;&nbsp; just a thought, we reinforce the idea that&nbsp; our thoughts are not facts. And every time&nbsp;&nbsp; we remind ourselves of this, we take away some&nbsp; of the power that our thoughts have over us. And if you're still having trouble letting go of&nbsp; your thoughts, you can imagine yourself writing&nbsp;&nbsp; down each thought on a balloon and then&nbsp; releasing that balloon up into the air and&nbsp;&nbsp; just allowing that thought to float from&nbsp; your mind as the balloon floats away. Now, sometimes instead of just letting go of&nbsp; our thoughts, it can be helpful to look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; content of our thoughts and just get a sense of&nbsp; how accurate or how biased that thought may be,&nbsp;&nbsp; and see if there may be a different way&nbsp; of looking at things and thinking about&nbsp;&nbsp; them that's more helpful to you, which is&nbsp; something we'll explore in the next video&nbsp;&nbsp; about reframing your thoughts and cognitive&nbsp; restructuring. And if you'd like to check&nbsp;&nbsp; out my online mindfulness-based stress&nbsp; reduction and cognitive therapy program&nbsp;&nbsp; where these videos come from for free,&nbsp; you'll find a link in the description. And&nbsp;&nbsp; please hit the like button and subscribe&nbsp; to my channel for more videos like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @belllaa2244 [2 likes]: I have been practicing this and its really helping me. I suffer from generalised anxiety disorder and have for 18 years It stops me living my fears as if they are happening right now like a trauma ❤
  2. @theweatheredelder [2 likes]: To paraphrase, "The Dude", That's just a thought, man.
  3. @stevensvideosonyoutube [1 likes]: Thank you for offering your help.
  4. @alextrevelian [1 likes]: Isn’t this like gaslighting yourself? Where do you draw the line  between “this is a thought I can let go” and “this is reality and is affecting me”?
  5. @Sylar-451 [1 likes]: Act saved my life ❤
  6. @tiwongechirambo9223 [1 likes]: thank you for your content
  7. @DanMagill333: This concept changed my life
  8. @teehee4096: 3:05 this last approach works for anxiety and depression, but not for ocd
  9. @xAshesxElitex: I'm only having the thought that society values everything that I am not, I'm just having the thought that I'm never going to be financially secure, I'm just having.......
You know what, I'm just having the thought that this isn't really fucking helping....
  10. @Mercyful_Fate.: Thank you, Joanna, for recommending this, Mark. 😊
  11. @captaincall25: Thanks man
  12. @gra6799: Seriously helpful !!!! Thanks ALOT 😊
  13. @RosePetal17: Thank you so much for a very helpful video☺️🙌🏼
  14. @nanditaghosh3937: Thank you sir
  15. @f.u.c8308: Interesting . I use cognitive diffusion but I didn't know it is also a psychology thing. It's also in buddhism.
  16. @mrfelipoda1275: thank you. I learned about labeling thoughts and the letting go using the balloon trick.
  17. @LOVEisTHEultimateLAW: 💚
  18. @Trumpgettingcheeksclappedinpri: A thot is simply a thinking Negatively in a promiscuous manner
  19. @leguhas: it won't take away the thought. it will not become less pronounced in moments of panic or anxiety.
  20. @GenXer82: Thank you! Very well-explained and helpful.

- Thoughts Flowing Through: Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for Young People: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like you to imagine that this is your mind all day long thoughts are flowing through it they come in and they go out H I must remember to practice trumpet later there goes the trumpet thought through my mind pretty soon it will flow out again and I won't be thinking about trumpet practice anymore thoughts just come and go all day long in fact I can actually plant a thought inside your mind right now watch this I'm going to tell you that my favorite color is green there goes the green thought you're thinking about me liking green and then fairly soon it will flow out of your mind again now there are some thoughts that flow in and out fairly easily others however get kind of stuck on the journey and it's as though they land on little hooks in the mine once a thought is stuck on a hook it behaves a bit like a magnet and bunches of similar thoughts start to Clump onto it if it's an uncomfortable thought it then seems to invite all sorts of other uncomfortable thoughts and they all Clump together seemingly growing bigger and bigger when this happens we can feel pretty rotten the thoughts that get stuck might be things we are stressed about or some of our worry habits you know those same old worries that pop into our brain over and over again worry habits can get really stuck on the hooks I used to go to the beach with a friend Jake who had a worry habit about sharks he was constantly worried about sharks and refused to swim in the ocean I remember one time we went down to the beach and we were begging Jake to go into the surf with us I'm guessing that shark worry was going through his mind I can't imagine that it flowed out very easily I reckon it would have gotten stuck in Jake's mind for quite a while can I tell you something about what happens to me when I go to the beach shark thoughts don't hook me at all I don't worry about sharks but I do have my own worry habit when I go to the beach I really want peace and quiet when I'm at the beach so I worry about other people being too loud near me If This Were My Mind you'd see all sorts of thoughts about loud people getting stuck on my Hooks and ruining my time at the beach there were never any loud people on Jake's hooks now I have two questions out of the two of us who is more likely to get attacked by a shark and who is more likely to be sitting near noisy people me or Jake the answer is neither of us we are equal the fact that Jake has more shark thoughts than I do doesn't mean that he has a greater chance of getting attacked by a shark the same is true for me the fact that I'm busy thinking about loud people doesn't mean there will actually be loud people near me at the beach the thought is hooked because it's one of my worry habits did you know that when thoughts get really stuck in our minds for too long they can trick us into assuming that they must be true so the more shark thoughts Jake has the more likely he is to believe that sharks must be a true problem at the beach what if I told you that just because the thought has been in your mind for a long time doesn't mean it's actually true the opposite is also true sometimes times thoughts are absolutely true and they don't get stuck at all they just flow through anyway guess what it's 100% true that I love the color green but I'm guessing that flowed out of your mind a long time ago just because we think about something a lot doesn't mean it's true so when an uncomfortable thought takes you over and stops you from getting on with your day stay wise notice the thought and remind yourself that just because it's a loud thought doesn't mean it's true

- Part 2 in ACT series by Moy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello and welcome to our video on the hexaflex I hope you have watched the first video in this series in that video I explained the basics of acceptance and commitment therapy Act now it is time to go a step further in this topic and discuss the model that is the basis of act it is called the hexaflex so here we go the hexaflex is a therapeutic tool used in act to help individuals develop psychological flexibility and progress toward their goals in this video we will discuss the six core dimensions of the hexaflex and how they can be applied in daily life as you can see the model consists of six dimensions each Dimension is connected to all the other dimensions and constitutes a network of dependencies so let's take a look at each Dimension and explain each of them the first dimension of the hexaflex is acceptance acceptance refers to the willingness to experience complex thoughts emotions and Sensations without trying to avoid or control them this involves embracing the present moment and letting go of the struggle against internal experiences acceptance allows us to develop a more flexible relationship with our thoughts and emotions which can lead to Greater emotional well-being and decreased stress the second dimension of the hexaflex is cognitive diffusion cognitive diffusion involves separating ourselves from unhelpful thoughts and beliefs by creating distance between the self and the content of our mind this allows us to recognize that thoughts are not necessarily facts and to develop a more flexible relationship with our internal experiences by practicing cognitive diffusion we can reduce the impact of negative self-talk and become more resilient in the face of difficult situations the third dimension of the hexaflex is contact with the present moment this Dimension emphasizes The Importance of Being fully present in the current moment and engaging in experiences as they happen it involves mindfulness practices that help us tune into our senses thoughts and emotions without judgment by practicing contact with the present moment we can cultivate career awareness and develop a deeper appreciation for the richness of life the fourth dimension of the hexaflex is self-ass context self-ass context involves recognizing that our thoughts and emotions are not the entirety of the self it creates a sense of self not defined by thoughts feelings or behaviors but by our values and experiences by practicing self-ass context we can develop greater self-awareness and a more stable sense of identity The Fifth Dimension of the hexaflex is values values refer to personal qualities or attributes that we hold to be important they provide a sense of direction and purpose in life and guide our decision making and behavior by identifying and clarifying our values we can make choices consistent with our deepest aspirations and live more meaningfully the final dimension of the hexaflex is committed action committed action involves taking action toward our values despite discomfort or obstacles it emphasizes the importance of setting goals and taking steps toward them even facing difficult emotions or challenging circumstances by practicing committed action we can build resilience and Achieve our goals in life in conclusion hexaflex provides a comprehensive framework for building psychological flexibility and resilience in facing life's challenges by integrating the six dimensions of the hexaflux into our daily lives we can learn to approach difficult experiences with openness curiosity and courage and that brings us to the end of this rundown of the hexaflex diagram as stated before this diagram reflects the psychological flexibility of a person so what would it look like if the person was rigid instead of flexible well I guess we will have to return with a new video regarding the rigid scenario but I assure you the explanation will come in the next video I hope this was understandable and if you have questions or comments please let me know and don't forget to like And subscribe

- Understanding Polyvagal Theory with Deb Dana | Therapy Chat Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en This is the Therapy Chat podcast with Laura Reagan, LCSWC. The information shared in this podcast is not a substitute for seeking help from a licensed mental health professional. And now, here's your host, Laura Reagan, LCSWC. [Music] Hi, welcome back to Therapy Chat. I'm your host, Laura Reagan, and today I'm so happy to be joined again by one of my favorite guests to speak to, someone who's been here on Therapy Chat multiple times, Deb Dana. Deb, thank you so much for coming back to Therapy Chat today. >> I am really happy to be back and I have to say when when when I show up and I see your face and your smile, my nervous system just feels very welcomed. So, thank you. >> Oh, thank you. Well, that's what people say about you that and it's not just your smile, it's literally your presence. You have a a It's like being around you. I've been around you, so I've felt it myself in person, but also even here just through the screens. It's like there's a groundedness and a warmth that comes from you. And that's what I think, you know, I think of when I think about how polyagal theory is really um powerful because we're drawn toward that. >> Yeah. Um, we're talking about that beautiful vententral energy and and when I teach and when I talk to people, I say vententral energy is an unopposable force, right? You feel it and you get drawn toward it and and then your system begins to to, you know, resonate with my system and and we we co-regulate, which is again the the joy of of being human is finding safe others to to be with and connect with. So yeah, and I love that it's driven by our biology. And what I tell people is every human has a vententral veagal system wired into their biology. And once we learn to to to, you know, find our way home to it and be in it, you know, a bit longer or or a bit more frequently, we then put that energy out into the world, which is a lovely thought right now in the world. It ripples out into the world. Yes. I've been alluding to this kind of lately um by mentioning to listeners that um at at any time but in this current time as well when everything feels scary and unsafe. what we can do even when we feel like there's nothing we can do is to connect with others and when we connect you know it does have a ripple effect it does ripple out you know yeah and I think you know we talk about connection we talk about what's the the you know opposite of that is loneliness and loneliness is a worldwide epidemic and loneliness again is is felt in your physiology has physiological impact as well as psychological impact. So if we can find others that we feel that sense of safety with, then our nervous system comes into that place of regulation and we begin to have access to curiosity and compassion and problem solving and organization and all the qualities of a regulated nervous system that are only possible when we have, you know, what I like to say, a towhold in that state of of regulation. And I think if we think about tow holds, I'm happy that my nervous system can find regulation for short moments in time, right? Because I even even today, as I was saying earlier, I get up thinking today's a good day. I've got a good to-do list. I'm going to work my way through. And not too far into my morning, my system was feeling heavy and drained. and some of that that other energy, the the dorsal collapse energy of why bother, give it up, you're never going to get there. Which I find so fascinating because I'm really good at noticing, naming, and even finding my way back to home and vententral to regulation. I've been doing this a long time. It's what I teach, but my nervous system disregulates as easily as everybody else's in these days we're living in right now. And it was like, wow. It did not take much for my resilience to to be tested and for me to go, no, I'm yeah, I'm not sure what I need to do right now, but it's not my to-do list. So, for me, it was take a moment, you know, organize this stack of papers so that at least feels organized and look out my my kitchen window where I could see nature. those to me organizing and seeing nature brought me enough of a sense of of regulation so that I could then keep going. But it's those tiny moments, right? And the tiny moments are are I think what we should be looking for right now. Not great big huge long experiences. I don't know about you, but I don't find those very often. Uh-uh. Especially lately. Um, and thank you for that what you just shared. It's um there was so much that came up for me when you were sharing that. I mean, when you said about organization um looking out the window at nature, I feel like you're describing, you know, as your polyagal ladder that you you came up with that concept and it's literally the most helpful thing for me about polyagal theory to understand from the beginning as a therapist and as a human. Um, so you're talking about how you were in dorsal and then the organizing is like a more mobilized energy. So that's the sympathetic activation, like bringing you up out of dorsal. And then nature, which I'm looking out my window at the trees in my backyard, which are so grounding to me throughout every day. Um, you know, we can connect with nature as another being. It's like it's a living nature itself is a living being and a living energy that we can tune into vententral with. So you don't even have to have another human there, >> right? We co-regulate with with nature. We co-regulate with with others, with nature, with our own inner experience. We with the parts of us we can co-regulate and with spirit, right? So there are lots of pathways that we can think of as co-regulating. We we do need to remember that we need another mamalian nervous system in that menu of co-regul choices, >> right? Nature, trees, flowers. So, it's our wonderful and we need >> self energy or inner wisdom that we're tuning into through connecting with nature. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know. I mean, I think I I know lots of people. I have a dear friend who who um connect you know really feels the co-regulation with trees >> as you as you may as well and I believe that it is you know it is a >> to him to you perhaps trees are living beings that you are co-regulating with we just want to add in we also want a mamalian system that has this social engagement piece wired in okay so it's a both and you know it's not an eitheror it's like yeah every every way I'm a I'm an ocean person and so probably for me when I am by the ocean I feel the the rhythm of the the waves and I feel I can feel it in my being so that's a you know co-regulation with the sea I suppose which is lovely >> yeah well it's like the pulse of earth you know I mean >> some people are probably like what is she talking about to me I mean when I'm at at the ocean or any body of water, the tide and the rhythm of the waves and the sound and the ground there, it's like my system. I always say it's a soul home. I can't >> Yes. >> I can't be disregulated even though I may be upset about something. It may not change what I am grappling with emotionally, but I'm >> I'm tuned in. I'm grounded. I'm feeling what is here in myself when >> absolutely >> tuning into >> Yeah. >> And it's it's like for me it's mountains, trees, and water. So >> I love it. You are you are multitasking there. I love it. Mountain >> that's beautiful. My mine really is is by the sea. That is my place. And I also call it a soul home. I I wrote about that. It's the place where when you're there, you just know. It's it's an embodied knowing, right? Yeah. >> Yeah. Because I didn't know you said that and I'm I'm just I just say it because it's what it feels like to me, not something I've heard. >> Yeah. Yeah. And and I like how you talk about the pulse. I I I think a lot about rhythm. Rhythm is the way I >> think about how we're moving through the world. And so if we think about that, my rhythm this morning when I woke up was was like this. It was this lovely sort of flow and it had a a beautiful rounded shape to it. And I could feel it. And then, you know, by the time it it got it got sort of jagged and I could feel it and I thought, "Oo, what's going on here?" And then it went to that, you know, and and it's still this still moving a bit, but it's very flat sort of for me. And so then, you're right, it came back up with some organization and then back to some rhythm. And then with you, it's this, >> right? I can feel this the the your system and mine, you know, communicating, which is which is lovely. But you know that's all in the course of like you know two and a half hours right think about we do that all the time every day >> right our systems are always responding to what's happening internally and externally. >> Yeah. Yeah. and and you know to be curious about that to be accepting in some way to know that is normal and expected that that getting to regulation is lovely but it's not it's not you know the end product we're looking for we're looking for knowing where am I what do I need in this moment and then how do I find my way back to regulation because if you think you have to be regulated to be healthy and regulated all the time to be healthy That is one of the things you probably should just give that up now because it is impossible to do. Can't do it. Not not and we don't even want to do that. We want to appreciate our nervous system as it moves down and up that ladder because it's doing that in response to what it's taking in through neurosception to say are you safe or not? What needs to happen now? >> Yeah. There's so many things about this that I think are still really hard to grasp um when we especially when we've had trauma and we kind of live in a space of maybe we we aren't familiar with the feeling of not feeling unsafe. Um >> so we don't even know how much we're operating from that you know our system sensing danger and threat much slash most of the time and again right now there are many signals for a traumatized nervous system to feel very unsafe and many of them you know they're not just overreactions many of them are threats. >> Anything that's unpredictable or unfamiliar is pretty commonly a cue of danger for any nervous system. And for a nervous system that that is still holding unresolved trauma, you know, that sensitive nervous system, the world is filled with cues of danger right now. It is for most everybody, but especially if you're holding that that early experience. So the familiar cues of danger come up all the time, right? And then we are we are our nervous system simply takes us into an adaptive survival response because that's its belief that that's where you'll be safe whether it's sympathetic anger anxiety or whether it's dorsal collapse disconnect or we do this down and up down and up all the time. So that is going on in the world um all over the globe right now because of what's going on in in our world right we have a disregulated world we have disregulated nervous systems then we have collectively disregulated nervous systems which you know is is really hard to to to be around because you feel it you know again below the level of conscious awareness you feel the disregulation and then your brain makes up a story to try and make some sense of what's going on. That's the brain's job, >> right? So, and when you said, you know, most or or much of the time in feeling under threat, >> that's where these micro moments of okayess come in. And that's where, you know, I first started working with this with my trauma survivor clients in the beginning because you go to therapy because you're suffering. And so we focus on reducing resolving what the suffering is about or where it's coming from. But we forget that in order to really thrive, not just survive, but thrive, we also need to actively experience safety, right? And you're right, for many people, we have to have that moment of of feeling the embodied safety so we can compare it to the embodied danger because safety is not a cognitive experience. You can't think your way to safety. You have to your nervous system takes you there. And that's where those tiny micro moments came into being in my early work because my clients would have these tiny moments of feeling okay. And okay was all I was looking for. Not safe or beautiful or zen, but just okay. Tiny moments. Often it was when we were together in my office in that space where they felt they could relax, take a breath for a moment. tiny moment of vententral and we started tracking those because that I truly believe I think those those moments are available to us and they're sort of all around but we don't pay attention to them. So when we could learn to pay attention, then my clients would come back and say, "Oh, I had a moment when, you know, it was like I heard a bird sing, the sun came out, >> you know, the the you know, I had clients who loved the storms that we get in in Maine and they would say, "Did you not just love that beautiful?" It was like there there's your moment, right? So we can find them and then our system begins to to to realize that oh there are these tiny moments and they begin to to accumulate and build. >> Yeah. There's something about what you just said where you said um I'm feeling so emotional during our conversation. I just have to say I'm just like okay tears whatever. >> Right. >> But um I think it's because it's moving. It's moving to think about this for me and it's we're thinking about connection, but I'm going to go back to what you said. Um, did you not notice that beautiful storm? It's it's like they noticed it, but also they want to share it with you and you are having a moment of connection just in them sharing with you about that storm. >> Yes, >> these are such subtle tiny and we can be so fast in our work. You know, we have to be slow to notice, >> right? And they're based on the science of the nervous system, right? Because when you said share, one of the things we know is co-regulation is is necessary for well-being. And so if a client, one of the things we did was they would begin to to mark the moments. They would begin to keep a list or, you know, send me a message or whatever they wanted, however they wanted to do it. And then we would talk about them the next week because that was the pull. And as they were talking about them, I could feel them come alive for them and for me most of the time. Although sometimes their their what what I call glimmers, that's what we call these micro moments. Their glimmers were not a glimmer for me. And that was okay too. Right? That's what we want to remember that that you know your you know you might have a a glimmer that for your system just really fills you for a moment and for my system goes oh no thank you perfectly fine right I don't know there's something for me about like what how our system lights up with the person wanting to share it too you know it's like even even if it's not like it's the the shared connection of >> yep >> didn't you because for me actually I find thundtorm storms. Sometimes I feel scared during thunderstorms. I think it brings up like childhood memories of being afraid when, you know, there's loud thunder and I'm like, what's going to happen? So, um, if someone says, "Oh, that thunderstorm was so cool." It does not feel cool to me, but the fact that they want me to know that makes me feel like, oh, >> you can appreciate something together. >> You can appreciate how it landed for them. >> Yeah. Yeah. And that's really as humans, that's really what we're appreciating. How did that land for you? Right? Here's how it lands for me. How did that land for you? That's that's the beauty of of connecting, right? Getting to know, right? That's which >> which deepens a a friendship, deepens a deepens a sense of, oh, we're we're we're in this together. Right. >> Right. and and even in therapy as one is the client in therapy. You know what we're doing is practicing these little moments of allowing a little more vulnerability, taking a chance that we'll be understood. And this nervous system match or mismatch, just like in all of our relationships, is constantly like, is this right? Is this is this right? Yeah. >> And it's interesting because you're talking about, you know, thunderstorms and my system loves them and yours maybe not sometimes. And the fact that there can be a mismatch in the experience, but an attunement in our nervous systems is amazing, isn't it? >> That's that's a lovely learning for both of our systems that we don't have to both, you know, love the same thing and yet we can really feel connected. For many of my clients, that was that was a a beautiful they called them autonomically disisconfirming experience because they have an expectation that unless you agree something bad will happen, right? Yeah. >> Yeah. Well, that's really um that's really relevant to the current time that we're in as well because it feels like it feels like this happened um I don't know it's almost like it began to develop in around 2015 2016 and the like leadup to the election and the way that people were talking about things. cuz there were certain words that if you heard someone say it's like oh they support the other candidate and then it gives this oh not safe to talk with each other and then the same thing happened again and I know this is by design because we know that there was literally >> social engineering or you could even call it like psychological warfare that was happening through the way these messages were being conveyed. um during the time from 2020 through at least 2022 um you know whether or not someone thought that they should be masking in public or um whether or not someone was vaccinated against COVID or um even where one lived with the differences in state policies and there was so much how can we keep ourselves safe and who is the enemy, you know, and it I've never been so acutely sensitive to literally a wordm, you know, not safe. Not safe. And and yet if I go to the grocery store today and you know I see someone walking with their cart who's already shopped, I might say I could take that in for you. And I'm not I don't care who they voted for or I'm not thinking about their views on, you know, a number of super important social issues. There's there's a level of connection as humans. And again, it's like if we had a a car accident, you don't ask the person who you want to help again, who they voted for, what their political views are. It's more of a shared human connection that's at such a deeper level than that stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. I love thinking about that when you were saying maybe a we could say I can take that card in for you. It helps that person. It helps the the people who collect all the cars. There's a lot of benefit there. And I can imagine the other person receiving that as a kindness and what that does in their system, how that lands for them and then they get in their car with a different experience in their biology. I love that. I love that. Yeah, because really for me I'm always thinking about biology. That's where it starts, >> right? That's that's where we can because when we are in that sympathetic me against you, us against them, we can't connect. We're, you know, we can connect with people who we've identified as our group, but everybody else is the enemy. Again, not because I, you know, I've not chosen that. My biology has chosen that. Right. And and and it's interesting to think. So how do we change that? We don't change that by by arguing with someone. Right? We change that >> fighting, >> right? Fighting or trying to convince them, right? I can make you see it my way. It's like, well, only I am only open to even listening to what you're saying if I'm in enough of that regulated state. If my biology has taken me to sympathetic fight or flight, anger, anxiety, I am biologically unable to listen. That's just a fact. I can't. It's not that I don't want to. I cannot do it. And in dorsal, I'm not really here. I look like I am, but I'm not really here. So, you can talk all you want. It's not >> landing anywhere. So again, if we simply come back to our our nervous system, the question isn't really how can I change their mind or how can I convince them. The question is what does their nervous system need to feel a little bit safer, a little a little more welcome in the world right now? And that's again where we go to those tiny moments because that's all we can that's all I can reach for in this in this time. It is exhausting to make it through a day. It is it is scary. It is um it is hard work. And for me to think I I you know I need to really be regulated this day in order for it to be a good day. And I think people think about good bad it's a good day or bad day, right? We could get rid of that too. We could say it's a day where I had more or less regulation. Here are the moments that I'm going to reflect on and really savor. Right? That's the benefit of of these small moments is that they they you can return to them. You can bring them back to life at the end of the day today. I could go back and think about our time together and it's going to bring me warmth in my heart and a smile because that's what I'm feeling now. >> Right. So, I get the benefit of it again. It's lovely. >> Yeah. And I guarantee you the rest of my day is not going to be all warmth in my heart and smiles because it's just a it's a regular day where we do a lot of different things. Yeah, >> that's so kind that you say that. It makes me it does make me feel really good that you feel that way about it. And you know, we've talked about this before. It just feels comfortable talking with each other and that's really nice. Um I felt stressed before we started our interview. I felt like I had a lot to do today. I had another interview ahead that I needed to do some reading for. And um but then when we came on camera, I just found myself I playfully started singing to you a good morning song, you know, and very out of tune. And um and then I right away notice some tears come to my eyes just because as I sit with you know a connection with another kind human um you know even that brings like the presence of there's a lot of sadness that I hold too and um so even just to be present right now there's a lot of sadness there's a lot of fear and we can have moments of connection connection and feeling regulated and disregulated. So, I did want to touch on that. Um, you know, there's so much I find it actually really great how much information there is out there on social media in educating people now about self-regulation, nervous system regulation, polyagal theory, and and I also feel like there are a lot of kind of like hacks. which of course, you know, it's a one minute video. How comprehensive can it be? But on the other hand, they're sort of disconnected. So it's sort of disembodied. It's a little disembodied fragments for embodiment and regulation, >> right? >> So I feel like sometimes people get might get the message that, you know, if you do it right, you can get regulated and you can be regulated and then you're regulated person and not a disregulated person. And that's what we should all be striving for. >> So, I'd love for you to talk a little more about that biology that you've already been sharing about. >> Yes. And and I will say I'm going to just um put out there in the in the beginning, I am on no social media. >> So, um I I get people, >> you probably have no very limited idea of how much >> exactly I do, but some of my colleagues will send me things and say, "What do you think about this?" I was like, "Oo, because you're right. It feels like it's a it's a shortcut to regulation with the belief that regulation is the place to be. >> Right? So, we got a bunch of different things going on there that that the nervous system would not be in agreement with. Like the nervous system says, you know, regulation is is is where you end up. I think nervous system has an inherent longing to be in regulation. And I would say that and knows how to get there and will only take us there when the cues of safety outweigh the cues of danger in our world, right? Our personal world in this moment in in time. So if you are disregulated, the first thing I love people to do is is turn toward your nervous system and say, "What's happening?" Right? There's a reason for this, right? what what's going on that my nervous system said ooh dysregulation is what's needed for survival in this moment right so I I and you say hack I think it is sort of a you know we have these hacks going on to get to regulation yes regulation's helpful and we have to know why we disregulated right and so it I I do want to have ways I can count on in the moment that will help bring me a bit of regulation because when I am totally in sympathetic fight flight or dorsal disconnect collapse that's all I can do so I need to have a bit of of vententral available to me but I build that over time it's a slow patient persistent process for me to know this helps me come back like looking out the window right is is a way I I can count on something's going on out there and it will at least bring me a drop of that sense of regulation And um disregulation is adaptive, right? So the nervous system doesn't work on a good bad. Our brain make up the the motivation, the meaning, all of that. So if we can invite our brains to step aside, nervous system is simply taking you where it thinks you need to be in this moment to be safe enough to survive. And that's really what we're what we're looking for. And when we find those pathways back to vententral, then we can be curious about our disregulated patterns. We all have them, right? And what are those patterns? We can be curious and we can partner with our nervous system. But to to to always want to get out of dysregulation and just be in vententral does a disservice to your biology, right? And I will say the other thing, your nervous system is not going to allow that to happen. Right? Your nervous system says is going to get more and more activated may take more and more intense action if you are always trying to escape because it says listen to me I'm giving you information please listen that information is is necessary for you to to make changes and the change is not to you know plunge your face in cold water right that's not what we want to do every time we're feeling disregulated we want to be able to turn toward and say what do I need to Oh, right. >> I mean, the other thing I I do want to say that because I do I do talk about glimmers. The glimmers, I understand, are all over social media. Somehow they escaped the the therapy office and are now out there and running wild in the world, which is lovely. I I am all for glimmers glimmer out there in the world. Yeah. Right. I'm all for them being out there in the world. And I want to say that that when I started looking for glimmers with my clients, it was not to turn away from their suffering, turn away from their trauma. That's not what glimmers do. Glimmers and they don't do anything to change what is activating you. They're a totally separate pathway from that. What they do do is remind you that they that glimmers are possible that that regulation is there and they build the capacity for you to find your way back to regulation when you're disregulated and that then builds the capacity to turn toward your trauma and work with it. So there was a whole reason why we want to focus on these micro moments so that we can process trauma, >> right? Right? And so we don't want to lose that >> awareness when we're looking for glimmers. We don't want to think, oh, this is going to take care of everything. It's not toxic positivity. What it's doing is it's helping you remember your nervous system is exquisitly able to hold both. And as you hold a moment of regulation, you have more capacity to be with the suffering. >> Yeah, that is so beautiful. And that's that's so meaningful for me. Like with glimmers, that's how that's what they do. They allow us to be with what we feel the need to get away from because it's so intolerable. That's the whole >> dilemma of trauma, right? >> That there's something trying to get our attention and we can't tolerate it. So we're trying to get away from feeling it >> right, >> you know, that's what makes our nervous systems feel so ah >> exactly we either feel ah as we're we're really pushing it away or we're you know so anxious we panic to get away or you know my my home away from home as you know from our work is that dorsal disconnect float away just collapse don't you know don't bother give it up right and our nervous system has those two choices it's either the sympathetic fight flight or a dorsal collapse and in service of helping you survive and and not being with whatever is trying to come up. Right? So, we're we're trying to build a new pathway where we can, you know, have a bit of that regulation to tolerate being able to to be with what the the suffering wants us to know, what we need to learn from that and how we can then process it. >> Yeah. So, turning toward is is what we want to do. So if you know on social media we're only learning the hacks to turn away from >> let's make this go away as fast as possible. That's just like overriding, you know. >> Exactly. >> What the wisdom is that's here. >> Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It used to be we'd take a pill or use a substance and now we, you know, turn toward something beautiful. You know, it's all in the same sort of of of of category of of getting away from >> bypass >> bypass, right? Override, turn away. So, we want to we want to use those moments of regulation to build the platform for turning back toward. >> Yeah. I I've um I've said this with you before, but I want to say again because I feel it's it's really relevant um for everyone, you know, and I I talked about the I've got a lot of that, but I've got a plenty of the also. And um it's like you know I've described almost like long periods maybe 6 months of life of being feeling like being in a tunnel. Well and I always say it doesn't feel like a tunnel. It feels like a black hole. And it feels like things are never going to be different and can't be different and there's nothing that can happen to to help. And glimmers, I often say, are like when you begin to go, "Wait a second. Something's way out there." You know, >> could that is that there's like a light colored thing. I'm in this blackness, but there's like a a light colored thing. Is that a Is there something out there? And that's what like lets you see that you're in a tunnel. But you know when we can tune into what else is here? This is Yes. This is true. This is what I feel and what else is available. >> Yeah. Yeah. Again, that's that beautiful both end of our of our humanness, right? That I can be in the depths of despair and there can be a a spark somewhere that that that catches my eye or catches my interest. Yeah. You know, I think about the the um grief journey I've been on where people are people have ideas about how you're supposed to navigate grief, right? And I I have been happy that that I know my nervous system because I'm following what my nervous system says. And there are those times when there there are long stretches of that uh right and I trust that my nervous system something is happening right and that's when I do notice oh a bird just sang right or or there was this beautiful sound of the rain right which doesn't then discount the the the grief process but it adds too it's it's oh this it's it's more man. And that I think is the gift of the nervous system. It's more than one one state, one moment. It has these three states that it is moving in and out of in small ways all the time. If we can catch those moments, we're reminded that, oh, right. And in this moment in time we're living in, I think catching those moments reminds us that goodness does exist in the world, right? that that that kindness, right? I think the thing I I used to think do the right thing. I don't know what the right thing is sometimes now, but do the kind thing. I can I can figure that out. What's the kind thing to do for that nervous system, right? Well, I have to say I've got it right here. I'm gonna hold up your book, your one of your one of your many books. Um, this Glimmer's journal is really a way to do exactly what you're talking about. Reflect on the small moments that bring you joy, safety, and connection. I have to say, um, I've got a page right here. It says, "Befriend a tree." See, there you go. That's for you. Exactly. I was like, "Oh, got that. >> That's one of mine." Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's it it's I love that. You know, I thought this was going to be um kind of a what are the glimmers that you notice, but I like that it's actually a little bit more prompting. >> Like >> here's something you can do. Watch a creature fly. um you know it's it's sort of like giving the um type of unexpected creative things that elicit curiosity just in the prompt and then it's like oh watch a thing a living thing fly >> what's out there right yeah and I I think I love having a menu of things for for my system and I know the nervous system loves choice So, categories and and prompts and and and then places for you to write your own. It just felt like that would be welcoming because again, we're always looking for a way to invite the nervous system into an experience. No demand, no expectation, just an invitation. So, a menu and a bunch of different ways to look for things is is really what I was wanting to do. And it came out of people asking me all the time about glimmers. And I finally said, I probably could create something and people could then >> go explore on their own. So yeah, cuz really I think I mean that's my quest I think is to help people befriend their own nervous system and then learn how their nervous system works and go out in the world with their nervous system, you know, work with it. So you know, that's that I think is is is what we humans are trying to do. We're trying to figure out our own experience and our biology is a big part of that experience, you know, and and it works around organizing principles that we've talked about a lot in poly bagel theory. And within those organizing principles, we each have our own way, right? You might go to a tree where I'm going to go and and uh, you know, put my feet on the hot stone in my backyard, right? They're both getting us to the same place, but we're taking a different path. And I think that's beautiful. >> Yeah. It's whatever resonates with each one with their own experiences where they their the place that they are in, the culture that they bring, their their practices that are native to their being and their peoples. Yeah. All of those things. >> And probably especially needed in in the challenging times we're living in right now. They're just challenging around the globe. The the world is is in a state of of disregulation, I think, right? Everywhere. And without enough people who can find their way to regulation, we can't engage in the conversations we need to have. We can't connect because when we're in a survival state, that's that's impossible to do. So again, every time I'm regulated and I am with others or even just walking through the world and feeling regulated, I think, oh, I'm this is what I'm the energy I'm putting out into the world and other nervous systems are feeling that and are feeling perhaps a little bit safer, right? That's I think that's within reach for me. I can do that. I don't know how to change the systems totally beyond reach. And when I think about that, I totally go to despair. >> But I can work with this system and this system can then impact that system and that one and that one. So I I like that image of the ripple going out there. >> Yeah, I agree. I have to say though, one thing about changing systems, it can feel impossible and hopeless to make change or for things to get better. and then when I'm in a certain grounded state or maybe in vententral, I can I can think of what could be possible, you know? I mean, I think Ventrol gives us access to new ideas, too, instead of just like, well, how are we going to make what's being broken back how it was or how we think it's supposed to be? Or, well, what if a different way could be better? And this, you know, I actually actually had a dream about this. um about you know that there's limitations to the way we look at things and you know the structures that exist. We see them and you know we have a lot of some people have more and some people have less trust and belief in the structures that have been created. But um you know the world is continuously changing which can feel so threatening to our systems and it's not like just oh well I I'll just watch and see what's going to happen and wait and hope somebody figures out what to do but it's more like what can we do? What can we come up with together? What can we collectively do versus let's fight them all? You know, like just like them, get them like that whole >> That's just that gets you nowhere. That's just the endless wars that we've had over history, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. You're right. That creativity and seeing new options, hearing new stories can only happen from vententral. So that vententral energy brings it alive and then we can, you know, move with purpose and passion and and, you know, find a new path only from vententral. So again, just all these reasons to to find the micro moments and take a moment to notice them and celebrate them because even doing that for a few seconds makes a makes a big difference in your biological system. >> Yeah. And I always think too they they stitch together. They become more of a internal safety net web of safety. I don't know. Something that grows and not it's not these isolated moments. No, >> you know, like stars in the sky. They're connected. It's constellations, >> right? Yes. It's a lovely way to think about it. I think about gathering glimmers. We gather them and they and then they they begin to to to you know find their way into connection and and as that happens we the pathway to vententral just becomes um easier to to travel. >> Ah yeah yeah >> more accessible more available. Yes >> yes yeah so that when I go to that place of hopelessness I don't stay there for the next week. I've I you know I I organize I look out the window and I'm back you know in an hour instead of what used to be probably two days right and that's because my system has more access to that energy of regulation I am so grateful to you you always explain these we're talking about scientific concepts but you explain these matters these ideas and really understandable ways that are relatable and you know we can all put into practice in our lives and that that's one of the gifts that you bring to the world. I mean think about the impact of that. >> I hope I hope I I you know and talking with you and and all your listeners who are then going to sort of notice oh there there there's a moment right? Yeah, >> that that then that fills me with hope really that that is that that place of the power and the promise of these micro moments of regulation, I think. So, I'm going to hold on to that hope. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Deb. Thank you as always for coming to therapy chat. I'm always so not only grateful but nourished and enriched through our conversations. I really really appreciate you. >> Thank you. Right back at you. I appreciate you as well. >> Thank you. Thank you for listening to Therapy Chat with your host, Laura Reagan, LCSWC. For more information, please visit therapy chatpodcast.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @moonbeanification: What a beautiful conversation.  Funny how just listening can warm my heart, too.  Bless you lovely ladies. ♥♥
  2. @naturelover1284: What does smoke air quality and the heat are throwing me back in the old patterns that seems to come on between 10:00 and 6:00

- Transforming Women's Polyvagal Theory in Action with Deb Dana, LCSW: Kind: captions Language: en well hi everyone and um I'm with a really special guest today uh Deb Dana Deb has taken Dr Stephen cordger's polyvagal Theory and bought it into clinical practice and today we are going to be talking about women's trauma and the nervous system and the reason why is because we have the global women's trauma Summit coming up this Thursday and Friday and again delighted to have Deb on that conference so Deb talk a little bit about you know woman trauma and the impact on their nervous systems it is it is fascinating to think about um through the biology isn't it of of trauma and how how our nervous systems are impacted um by the role we play in our families in society and in our in our lives and and for women um you know I think if we we want to consider the messages we're getting and how our nervous system interprets or neurocepts those messages right our brains can can make up lots of stories and we often go to our brain to sort of figure out what how the world is impacting us but if we go beneath the brain to the nervous system and think as I'm moving through the world and I have all these cues of danger that are coming towards me if I think about the many roles that I that I play in the world you know I'm I'm a woman I'm living in the United States where choice is now compromised so the lack of choice impacts my nervous system I'm a caregiver right that impacts my nervous system and all the messages I get about how to do that and so what I think we are discovering is that this these cues of danger that are bombarding us now um starting with a pandemic and now going through you know all the ways we are recognizing social injustice um gun violence climate issues all the ways that we as women are holding this perhaps differently than um the men in our lives so as we are beginning to understand this and and really go to the level of the nervous system and we find that the unpredictability the unfamiliarity and the overwhelming number of cues of danger that are coming at us are really testing our capacity to refill to to rest to recover to be able to keep going and I think you know I was thinking as you were talking about um women's nervous systems and you know in my experience and I'll be 70 next year so I've got a few Decades of of being a woman in in the world there's this this sense of um keeping on keeping on right that women we we take we we manage we heal we nourish we do all that and at the expense of our own nervous system right which is not to say that men do not as well but here we're really focusing on women's nervous systems and I think we have we are at a point where I notice in the people I'm coming into connection with nervous systems are depleted we are drained and we have a history of not knowing how to stop and recover right and Recovery is incredibly important for being able to then offer again so you know perhaps one of the things that I'm noticing in as I go around and speak to audiences that for the most part A primarily primarily women you know speaking to clinical audiences lots and lots of women I hear this over and over I I'm you know we talk about burnout right okay it's a nervous system that is drained and we have not learned or attended to filling again so it's a long-winded answer to to this this question of what is happening and I think we you know we we offer we offer we offer and we don't know how to either receive or take care of ourselves either one we don't do very well and then one of the things that I know myself and others are really excited about for this Women's Conference uh this week is that we're going to be learning about poly Bagel Theory and you know what kind of happens to a woman's nervous system when as you've been talking about one experiences like socialization of trauma through sort of messaging in society when there is sort of you know abuse or rape or violence towards women abortion uh birth trauma that sort of thing so do you want to say a little bit of perhaps about you know just give a little bit of a taster around what kind of happens to our nervous systems when you know women experience either violation or forms of socialization which can be traumatic to the nervous system absolutely absolutely and and it's important for us to recognize that right because we we create patterns of protection that we simply enter into and the stories of survival that come along with those patterns of protection feel normal to us because we simply enter into the state and the story that comes along with it so as we recognize as we take a step back and recognize the incredibly creative way our nervous system protects us by taking us into either that pathway of sympathetic fight and flight or the pathway of dorsal collapse go through the motions right that those are survival States and they have particular survival stories that come along with them and the state of ventral regulation is the the the state of of connection of communication of feeling safe enough to navigate the world on my own terms and there are particular stories of possibility that come along with that state and so sometimes we have a hard time recognizing the state but we really hear the story right and and I know I have my my commonly entered into stories and sometimes it takes there's somebody on the outside saying wait a minute what are you doing right for me to take a step back oh right that story is so habitual because it arises from that state that I simply enter into I don't even recognize it so part of our work in making a change is to recognize so notice a name is always where we begin right notice where is your nervous system right now right where is it are you in a state of feeling safe enough to be curious to explore to stand up for what you believe in to have a story of possibility or are you feeling a bit of under threat in some way in which case you're going to go to a story that helps you survive and sometimes we we silence ourselves in service of survival or we speak out in in Rage and anger and and are labeled in a certain way because again it is a survival state or we we experience the the incredible anxiety that so many of us feel we worry we're anxious and we get caught in that story I can't do anything right there there's there what do I do how do I do this it's that anxiety flooding or you know my particular favorite and my the place I go to often is that dorsal I'm going through the motions so I can get the basics done that need to be done but I but I have but I'm not really here doing it and that's the survival story of becoming invisible that was my safe place growing up in response to my dangerous environment become invisible and so many of us become invisible in order to survive and now the call to action is how do we how do we be seen in a way that is um regulated enough to not be an automatic threat to others because as we come out of the dorsal invisibility we travel through some of that mobilizing energy and I can become incredibly activated and become um dysregulated because I have so much energy flooding and I have so much I want to say and do and I want to be heard and seen and listened to and yet if I can't come to enough regulation around that my nervous system sends a queue of danger to the nervous systems around me and then they move into their own Survival state so what we're going to talk about in the women's trauma Summit is how do we stand up for what we believe in from a regulated place where I can be seen not as a cue of danger biologically I'm not even talking about story wise but biologically can I be a cue of Regulation so that others can connect and we can communicate and one of the things like I really love about what you're going to be speaking about that is what you're referring to about you know teaching our clients and our patients and ourselves actually to become more aware as women around what's kind of happening when we're outside uh what's happening in our personal lives what's happening or what's previously happened because I think those States and the stories are often missed people find themselves in just in the dialogue or just in state or doing things that they just do because they're not aware and polyvagal theory and you putting it into practice seems to really um sort of conceptualize uh how people have been doing what they've done yeah because you know if you think about you know your life right and and the the patterns you have created out of necessity right our nervous system is always working to Keep Us Alive to serve our safety right and and and it takes us being able to um move out of that energy and into the energy of of Regulation to have a moment to metaphorically our nervous system needs to have a moment to catch its breath so that it can get out of the the pattern right the habitual response pattern that that we all have created right and and when we do that the the difficulty is when we do that it's often very um alarming to us right because it sort of changes everything I see the world differently right and so one of the things we want to also create our our communities right we need Community to step out of our our habitual patterns of protection and be able to explore how do I do this differently right because left on my own my nervous system is going to very easily and quickly take me back to my pattern of protection as soon as there's a cue of danger it knows what to do right and it takes a lot of energy to stay present and stay um in the explicit knowing because all this is working below the level of our awareness so to bring it to awareness can be exhausting to do that ongoing awareness exhausting but if I have a partner in crime so to speak if you're going to help me with this right then you know you can say oh let me let me help you let me see if I can put that into words and see if it fits or even just show up in a in an email saying how are you right because it's that community that that connection that is so vital so vital in order for us to create new stories and that's what we need to do we're we're creating new stories and in order to create a new story my biology has to support that yeah yeah and it seemed like one of the things you're talking about is a really really key point in polybago theory is the concept of um social engagement and that concept of connection and being with and co-regulated either by another or together yeah you want to say a little bit more um and I think you know especially at this time when there is so much stuff going on globally whether it's war in Ukraine whether you know it's conflicts about abortion law in the United States whether it's something happening with career um say a little bit more about really the importance of social engagement and how we can really use that connection when we treat our patients and clients yeah and it's it's fascinating because tomorrow is election day here in the United States and talk about disconnection and and conversations that we can't have or haven't had that we can't manage to listen to each other right so in the in in this case we have polarized um world right we we have um two different political parties that can't find a way to speak to each other that can't in my world have enough regulation in their biology to be able to be curious about each other and have the difficult conversations and so as this is going on everybody else's nervous system gets dysregulated along along with them so that this covert we co-disregulate as well and that's what's happening this code dysregulation large groups of people so took the co-regulation you know is is really about your nervous system in mind helping each other find enough of that energy of safety and connection and then savoring that staying there helping each other be there and deepen that connection the interesting thing about co-regulation with our with our clients is often we are the first nervous system that is predictably regulated that their nervous system can reach out and and feel this feel safe and so we have to offer over and over and over because the first offering is might catch the attention but it doesn't it's not enough trust there so over and over and over builds trust and that's what we're looking for you know we offer that to our clients but that's what we're looking for in our personal lives as well who are the small groups of people maybe one or two you don't need huge groups they will grow but one or two people who you can depend on yeah you can show up messy and dysregulated and know they will help you come back to regulation that's what we need in our lives that's the beauty of co-regulation you can do that for me and then the next time I can do that for you because if we talk about reciprocity reciprocity is not a give and take one-to-one thing right it leans one way I may need to lean on you more now and then it leans back the other way you can lean on me and there's this lovely flow that goes back and forth that's reciprocity that's what we're looking for that's not counting oh I showed up for you three times you need to it's your turn it's like no when when my nervous system can offer I will and then I know yours will when it can and I can receive that's what we're looking for that's the that's the nervous system flow that nourishes um and one of the terms that I get curious about is when you utilize the word curiosity and say a little bit more particularly you know in the context we've got this Women's Conference coming up this Thursday Friday we've got hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of women registered from all over the world as well as men who work with women um talk a little bit about you know um perhaps the brain the nervous system and the power of just being curious what state might people be in and how does that happen so we we have emergent properties a term I love emergent properties and that simply means this is what Rises when you're in a certain State and only when you're in enough of that ventral regulation you don't have to be fully immersed in it but you have to have a critical mass of it circulating in your system then you can become curious curiosity emerges from biological nervous system regulation if you are in a survival state if you've entered one of your patterns of protection you can't be curious not because you don't want to because your biology says no and that's a lovely way to think about it does my biology say yes to curiosity it does when I have enough of that regulated State going on and for us you know when you work with clients or even when you just show up for another person you live with or love or work with if you bring curiosity and nothing else you are doing something powerful something powerful if you show up in a regulated nervous system State and simply offer that because you don't know what else to do it is beyond you it is overwhelming anything else but that you can do that is a powerful intervention and that I think is you know when I get to that place which happens often nowadays you know you look out into the world and the systems feel so broken I don't even know where to start but I can start here and I can be regulated with another human and those cues of safety that I then send to another human invites their nervous system to feel safe come to regulation and then they offer that out into the world and if we think about it in in this way every nervous system in the world can touch every other nervous system right one by one that then allows me to feel hopeful that brings me some hope right that this this the maybe the intervention simply is me being regulated and then offering that to the people around me maybe that's what I can do in this moment in time when the world feels so crazy and out of control I could continue to ask you questions Dev but I've got to stop because uh somebody asked is this is the summit being recorded that absolutely is uh being recorded So if you can't join us um you know do buy the recording package and Deb we're going to be uh well I'm so looking forward to seeing you uh later this week actually talking a lot more about some of the points that you've just uh briefly expanded upon so thank you so much uh for your time today and thank you to everyone who has joined us for a little bit of social media fun um and if you want to know more we've got 16 uh incredible female uh Pioneers uh talking about women's Trauma from everything from incest to vinelands to uh birth trauma uh there's going to be things on efit and um and Trauma you name it we've got Pat Ogden we've got dead Dana Ruth Learners ebony Webb Dr Sue Johnson join us so from me to you thank you you and either good morning good night and good afternoon

  Top Comments:
  1. @ruthscott353 [2 likes]: I'd like to know how to heal.
I've heard alot about the dorsal collapse etc etc.
But please talk about the steps to take to get better
  2. @light9325: I love Deb Dana❤❤❤
  3. @naturelover1284: I am reading "lost connections" talking about how giving pills for the brain displaced looking at what happened to people and who recovered better.  
We as women with top hierarchy over other women could do a lot to not harm other women who are not high status.  Acknowledge you don't know any more than being cared for and no autonomous experience and stop judging and let women be at work in peace, get a book list for your need to be in on personal stuff uninvited.  It is as if a woman has to prove her uneducated opinion is worth a house insurance and retirement by displacing and embarrassing other women.
  4. @debrasnook4714: :57 what is my brain/part - think is happening ?
? Is there a que of danger?  how do I react.?
10:30 What are my Patterns - take a moment - check the habitual patterns of protection - reaction.
11:40  how a partner can help   -  "Let  me put  that into words and, see if it fits.?"
16:50  - cant have curiosity in a survival (threat) state ... Does my biology have enough "regulation" to be curious?
  5. @JennyB957: poisoning the soil food water and air ,  so we can eat more and faster . Farm workers needed for food instead of producing offspring they cannot feed or decapitate before birth .
  6. @JennyB957: Sweety , have you seen the video games , these young are murdering a thousand people a day fast and more precise . It's not gun violence its care violence . We are not caregivers , we are providers , paying these criminals to shape and govern  the mines of our society .

- Polyvagal Prompts: How To Find Glimmers with Deb Dana & Courtney Rolfe: Kind: captions Language: en this is the therapy chat podcast with Laura Reagan lcswc the information shared in this podcast is not a substitute for seeking help from a licensed mental health professional and now here's your host Laura Reagan lcswc [Music] hi welcome back to therapy chat I'm your host Laura Reagan and today I'm so happy to be joined by Deb Dana and courney Ral Deb and Courtney thank you so much for being my guests on therapy chat today it is lovely to be here with you glad to be here yes I'm so glad to be with both of you you co-wrote a book together which I'll just I'll quickly show but I'll I'll let people see it again um poly vagel prompts and that is very exciting I know that this book is going to help a lot of people so I really want to talk about it but before we get into it can we just start off by each of you telling us a little bit more about who you are and what you do Deb you go first okay so I'm I'm Deb Dana and it's interesting when you asked that question Laura I was thinking how how do I think of what I what I do who I am and what I do I'm I'm I'm a I'm a social worker I'm a licensed clinical social worker I think that's my heart although I don't see individual clients anymore because now I um teach and write and and consult and so that's sort of the the realm I've moved into in this this phase of life um um I'll be I actually be 70 one next month and somehow it feels like a a different chapter is emerging so um I love um translating poly vagal Theory into clinical application and then into application for what I like to call curious humans because I think that's my passion in life right now is to help people understand and befriend their nervous systems beautiful thank you and Courtney tell us about you well I the request for them to go first is because as a as a professional as a clinician I don't even know where I'd be without uh without Deb having kind of trailblazed so much of this so um I'm a I'm a psychotherapist and my practice is based in Chicago and with trauma work with mostly individuals but maybe starting to bring couples into the Nicks just because this polyal lens is so powerful and I can't wait to do more and more with it and have been learning from Deb for years and training for Deb for years and really trying to embody polyle Theory and it's been life-changing so um that's the foundation of my practice and I also have just completed my schematic experiencing training so really bringing in more and more body based sematic work it has been a really cool new p also oh and I I live in the UK but my practice is based in in Chicago and will remain based in Chicago so I it seems to be helpful to clarify that too wonderful well um yes and poly vagel theory has definitely changed my life in my practice and I wouldn't understand it at all had I not learned from Deb at least maybe now at this point in life um maybe because it's gotten out there in the public more but it's it's a complex concept um that can that's actually you can look at it in a very simple way and and work with it in a very simple way so um but then you know as I as I look at you both and Deb has a artwork behind you of that brain and nervous it's like it's a complex system too um and it's I I want to say I want to ask real quick before we really get into anything else if you'll share Courtney how did it change your life how did poly veel Theory change your life the first thing I think of is so I first went to a two-day workshop with Deb in Chicago in like uh 2017 and with my colleague who was also a trainer in dubs foundations programs with me and we both just walked out out of their like Jaws on the ground sort of like what we both already were kind of peaky about Neuroscience mindfulness but that just um really allowed us to step back and and um you really just start to see everything through that nervous system lens and you start to see other people as people with nervous systems and what you're dealing with is nervous system reactions and responses and it it broadens up the space for empathy understanding connection so you know I saw the change first with my clinical work and sort of just I went into session saying I'm just going to share with you everything I know about this because it's really cool and it's really powerful let's see what happens and it really was powerful and I started to see empowerment and shift and change happen really quickly and then on the personal level there's no way to learn about polyal and embody it and just keep it limited to clinical work so then you start to look at your relationships right and start to notice what feels nourishing resourcing you know kind for your nervous system and then what what what causes you know a lot of stress or um reaction and just start to take stock of am I nourishing my nervous system with this life that I've built yeah everybody get that that's a deep question I don't think the way that Western culture builds our lives or tells us to build our lives is in service to our nervous systems um and I think that more and more people are wanting to tune that out and tune in to ourselves and say within this how am I going to live because this is not this thing around us is not necessarily working for it's not working for a lot of people but what can you this like bubble of your life is is you and you know how what you can influence and I'm constantly thinking lately about especially with all the violence and wars that are going on at all times no matter when someone listens to this there will be a horrible War happening somewhere and it'll be devastating um but how can we spread peace and and spread hope and love and connection and safety and it's not through spreading more war war does not create safety it creates generations of you know traumatized people and that's what we're all you know living within is you know past Century and more of continuous Wars and traumatized people trying to survive so that's the backdrop for our conversation I love I love what you just said Laura though that that you know that safety is a an embodied experience it's your autonomic nervous system leads you to safety and so what do we do and how do we do it and and you know I think we find a way to Anchor ourselves in that state of autonomic safety because then that's the energy we're putting out into the world right and that I think is is how we will shape the world differently by each of us finding our own way to that place of safety and connection and then that ripples out right so you know one of the reasons why I think polyal prompts is is it's a good time for this this book this this this invitation for a nervous system to find its way to safety and connection right which you know Courtney started us on this journey by you know with her clients wanting to have things to do between sessions and and how and so she started creating things and then you know came to me and said what do you think and and I said I I think this is gorgeous I think it could be a really wonderful um book right and and now you know it it is come to be and I do think that it is a way for people to to find their way to feeling some well-being and that then through the nervous system is transmitted is communicated to every nervous system around me right and and that you know it's it's that we need individual and Collective healing and we heal in community but we also have individual healing to do regardless of what is happening around us and I know for myself I've wondered for years and I think this is a a relevant question now and I guess we'll be forever but I hope not if this you know if more shifts can take place but how do we how do we keep going and keep hoping when there's so much Devastation and so much pain even when you know how can I be okay when another is suffering and we need to care about another suffering and it can make it impossible for us to function because their suffering is bringing us out of our ability to keep going so can you speak about that a little bit in terms of poly vagal theory Sure let me start and then Courtney can jump in I I mean I think what you're talking about really takes us to those three organizing principles of poly vagel Theory because they impact the way we are human right we talk about neuroception hierarchy and co-regulation and all of those are involved in what you just just said right neuroception is the way the nervous system offers and receives information right so you know it's not just through through our our our language right we're our nervous systems excuse me are having an autonomic conversation all the time right below the level of awareness and and that then moves us toward or away from people places and things right so that's that's that amazing you know pathway that the nervous system carries to to give you cues to say you know should you aort or should you avoid is this safe safe or unsafe that's the question the nervous system is trying to answer moment to moment safe or unsafe right and neuroception when it gets enough cues of safety brings us into connection but when it gets cues of unsafety it takes us into our survival strategies and those places take us to that next organizing principle of hierarchy which really is is a lot of what poly vagal prompts brings you into understanding the hierarchy the the the ventral vagal place of connection the sympathetic fight and flight survival strategy and the dorsal vehicle disconnect collapse survival strategy and we're always moving between those places you know all the time in little ways often in big ways sometimes and the the world we're living in right now is really challenging our capacity to stay enough anchored in ventral regulation and connection so that we can then send a welcome out into the world right is we're really challenged to do that the third organizing principle co-regulation is you know what you were talking about with Collective healing right we we are we are wired to need connection with other safe humans and when we can gather together the the power of my regulated system in connection with all these other regulated systems is is is is just just accumulates and grows and expands and I think that's for me that's what I want to bring to the world I want to bring people the capacity to be inv ventral so that we can then gather with others inv ventral and can begin to outweigh the cues of danger that are in the world and then we can have the difficult conversation that need to happen but if we're in survival strategies we can't have those conversations so for me vental regulation is a pathway to Healing self and the world yeah and it's accessible to all of us we each have that pathway built into our biology it's it's not like you were born or weren't born with it or you you gain it or lose it it is there waiting for you to connect with it and that I think is one of the beautiful hopeful things about poly vagel Theory right that that Steve's amazing work Steve pes's amazing work lets us know we all have this pathway waiting right I I tell people we all have a home in vental that's what I call it and we're waiting to find that pathway home Courtney I definitely want to hear what you have to share well I think some of the things that came to my mind too are I continue to get new meaning out of this idea of befriending the nervous system that that originally gave us a while ago and this to me more and more that means being able to make some space for our survival responses and that changing relationship with our sympathetic and that changing relationship with our dorsal is really powerful when we start to shift into appreciation and understanding of why my system is going into a thing if I just trust that my nervous system is designed beautifully and there is a reason that it is you know bringing me survival energy whether that's you know sympathetic or dorsal um there's a reason for it if I just trust that then I can kind of be with it in a different way and learn from it and sit with it and then the more we bring that that ventral capacity we can really create space to hold that survival space right the you know we we say all the time the goal is not to just be inventable right we want to be able to have that different relationship with our survival responses so when all these things are going on in the world and my system gets pulled into sympathetic or pulled into that shutdown collapse to to have that understanding and almost like a respect and a knowing and a caring for my own system of I know what happening doesn't mean it feels comfortable in the moment right but I can have that kind of line into some awareness of the reason have that line of appreciation of what's going on and then shift into attending and tending to as opposed to wishing it wasn't or resisting what my system is doing or not you know getting caught up in confusion about why can't I just I don't know get out of bed like and instead we shift into their curiosity something is happening if I trust that nervous system is designed beautifully can I just get curious about what's happening and even if I can't understand it fully can I tend to can I attend to what it is that my system needs right now and bring in whatever resource or take the time and space I need until I figure that out without the pressure to figure it out so that's that's what that's what comes to mind when I think of when we go through the difficult stuff our system is there to protect us it's going to do what it does and uh take the fear and the resistance all all of that out of that survival response I think has been for me really powerful that's beautiful too and and I'll add too like kind of a the flip side of that is another learning process has been that in ventral we can hold a great deal of pain and suffering we can hold grief and loss it can be sad in ventril ventril doesn't mean puppies and rainbows all the time right like but that that ability for our own you know system to stay anchored enough to then have space and capacity for very hard things is a whole different experience than my system needing to rescue me from grief and Pain by pulling me into dorsal so that's the other thing that kind of comes to mind that ongoing relationship building that that expands all the flexibility within all the states yeah yeah I have so many thoughts and so much resonance with what you're saying so as we as we move into talking a little more in depth about your book um and I I wanted to ask you this and it sort of is maybe an umbrella for what Deb explained about the the organizing principles um but throughout the book which I love you know I'll show this more but how it's organized as kind of you know you can write in it um it's like a journal almost um although I me I would never write in it because I don't want to mess it up so I would like write it on a separate piece of paper or just buy 50 copies so I can write in it every time we were Courtney and I were smiling at each other when you said that that it's like a journal because in the beginning it was going to be polyal Journal but in the publishing world you can only have a certain number of words and and to be called a journal so then it became it own thing it's not a workbook it's not a journal it's not a bookbook it's it's problem it's a new Fusion that's right it's a new thing something new has been created through this co-creation but throughout the the book um you know the word autonomic or autonomic nervous system is on almost every page so I think just for people who are listening and maybe they've never heard of poly vagal Theory before or they've heard about it but they don't know what it is they're not familiar with your work um could you explain what the autonomic nervous system is maybe D mystify the the the words oh let's see what we can do that the easiest way to think about the autonomic nervous system let's start with it's at the heart of your daily experience it is where everything begins and it's made up of people probably know or remember from long ago it's made up of parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system those two branches put together make up your aut omic nervous system the beauty of what Steve created when he defined poly vagel theory is that the parasympathetic system has its own two branches it has a a ventril and a dorsal branch of the Vegas and before Steve's work we simply thought there was a parasympathetic and sympathetic and so in the clinical world we had a difficult time trying to understand client experiences of shutdown or collapse or that freeze or dissociation because it was all sympathetic stress response so his work really opened up our eyes and our our understanding and then our application our work to really understanding that we have parasympathetic ventral which is safe connection then we have sympathetic nervous system fight flight and then we have dorsal survival strategy of immobilization so that's really the the autonomic nervous system that's what we're talking about these these three Pathways that each have a different state and we move through them all the time beautiful so I I think that you know most of us don't necessarily like general public non-clinical population doesn't NE necessarily think I'm walking around in a nervous system that's impacted by all my interactions we just think I'm trying to get a raise at work or I'm trying to you know achieve something or I want to be a parent or something like that like goals everything's very goal driven in Western culture and um yet we're reacting to everything that's happening internally and externally at all times that's how we're existing yeah so if you if you you know look underneath the goal you find a nervous system experience that is trying to help you reach that goal and sometimes it's a ventral connecting um exploring options planning active experience sometimes it's a survival strategy because as Courtney said your your system you know is you know neuros seting it feels danger and it takes you to a survival strategy which then is probably not going to help you meet that goal but the nervous system is simply enacting a response because it feels you're in danger the nervous system doesn't you know make meaning or assign motivation it simply acts so and then you know just to bring the brain in for a minute because we don't want to leave the brain out that information all gets sent to the brain and the brain's job is to make up a story to make sense of the information it's receiving and the story might be you know in sympathetic nobody is so unfair the world's unfair you know other people are getting what I deserve in dorsal the story might be it's hopeless don't even try right we we create these stories because we're trying to to make sense of what's happening right so that's you know that's the the beauty of of sort of going beneath the goal or beneath you know what you're you're moving toward to think what's my nervous system state right because it's going to impact how I navigate this situation it's really kind of the Crux of that Paradigm Shift when you start looking through the the polyal lens right that our brains are not not in Char you know the story comes seconder or third or fourth but not first that nervous system experience is happening yeah and so we know one of the reasons why you know Courtney's work with her clients is so so so powerful is that she's taking that to them to say we can't change the story but if we change the state the story will organically change so instead of fighting against you're working with and that's you know our our invitation to everyone through our work through our teaching through our you know through our writing is get to know your nervous system befriend your nervous system so you can partner with it as you move through the world and bringing explicit awareness to an implicit process I go back to that phrase a million times in a week that it almost it feels like all roads of polyal work lead to that right so the prompts is is another way that we are you know inviting people to build on that exclusive awareness because the process is happening the system is there whether we're paying attention to it or not but the more ways we can use writing or music or prompts or therapy or you know whatever it is we're building our ability to maintain That explicit awareness and that's a game Cher when I can watch what my system is doing I can notice a response as an observer and learn from it instead of sort of being hijacked hijacked down the river with it it's an on it's like our life's work it's an ongoing jourm yes and I love what you said about the many different ways because that really was you know part of our work was to create a whole menu of ways people could get to know their nervous system right because you may be pulled more towards movement or music and I may be pulled towards imagery or art and in all of those ways are are are valuable I love it I love it and I also love that it's not there's not like one path I just love that idea that it's what resonates for each person it's what and that invites cultural difference and personal preferences and just Choice which is part of being in you know your ventral system is that you're you see that there are options instead of my choices here are to escape or kill that person you know just to get really basic on the Primal level of course we have more options than that in today's world but well it's funny because sometimes we'll see you know I teach a lot of clinicians and and wellness professionals and um there are a lot of times when I think for some folks it feels they want that one thing right like okay yeah yeah yeah but like what but just what works right like tell me a thing and I keep thinking like a nervous system hack and it's you know this approach it doesn't it doesn't work like that we we really we need to have the space to explore and get curious and um and I you know I don't have the answer for anyone's nervous system be on my own really it's but I can offer a lot of invitations then we can do a lot of supported exploration to see what what's a resource and what's not but there's definitely no hands down this will work this will help this will regulate you you know anything like that because we're all unique and we are right we we our nervous systems work with those three organizing principles and within that they're shaped by our personal experience and so you know you gravitate towards towards one thing and I gravitate towards another and and the the work is to really recognize that there as you said there's no one way there's no right or wrong way there's the way of your nervous system and and you know courtne us in my work in political prompt is to give you all sorts of ways to get to know your nervous system so that you know oh this is what my nervous system reaches for right and then maybe you look at you know someone you're living with or love or work with and say and this is what their nervous system reaches for right becomes a a an interesting sort of um experience of of being curious about oh but that's interesting that that oh Courtney that works for you so wouldn't work for me but I'm tell me more I'm interested in how it works for you right well I think one of the messages I'm getting from what you're saying and from this work generally is the one that there are many many paths to having a a more a I'm not going to say a regulated nervous system and I'm going to say a sense of enough safety within yourself because I think even that regulation people are really focused on regulation regulation regulation nervous system regulation and it's beginning to sound like a street jacket or something like you know like this either or where it's it's a dance between one's nervous system and anothers and you know and what's happening so so maybe substitute flexibility for regulation we're looking for flexibility right that that we disregulated and find our way back to regulation all the time so it's that flexibility of of coming back that that is what we're looking for yeah and I and I I've said that in response to Courtney's thing about people wanting the hack you know it's like so how do I get regulated you know and it's like no that that's the it's not that it's not this or that it's all the possibilities it's open expansive perspective you know and trusting your own inner experience but really getting in tune with your inner experience yeah because you know I think as you were saying we're talk to override that wisdom we're taught to not listen or to listen and and do something anyway right and so it is as courney was saying a paradigm shift to to listen and to honor the wisdom you know and and and then appreciate where your nervous system is taking you and be curious about about why so it's not just about not feeling fear or not feeling anger or not feeling I don't know how I can get out of bed today it's about being curious about what is happening inside and knowing how to help yourself and and knowing yeah that that our nervous system is there for our protection it's assisting us it's it's activating for a reason you know kind of being able to normalize that experience is really powerful too so varying levels of safety as we all navigate the world we've got varying L levels of safety in the world and so being able to sort of just allow your nervous system responses to be there with you and and making friends with the fact that it's it's activating for good reason can be very empowering right so we don't we don't we don't want our nervous system to not activate if we need it if we're unsafe in the world we need that response we need that level of maybe vigilance or energy or something and then you know the more we build our capacity and flexibility we can we can modulate that we can influence that and be more Discerning with you know what resources do I need from my system right now right do I need this level of activation but yeah there are times when we absolutely we don't want to undo sympathetic nervous system response we don't want to undo dorsal we want to have that flexibility and awareness I think that's one of the prompts that we loved when we were doing it was a send write a letter of appreciation to your survival response right to to really recognize oh this is how helped me survive all this time that can be a powerful moment and yeah in therapy too right like how has your system been there to help you and then it's boom wow it really has and it's such an important reframe again it's it's depathologizing too it's dep pathologizing to our our system when it needs when we need to dissociate because we can't tolerate what's happening we're in a traumatic experience and we have to survive it somehow dissociation helps us survive the Unspeakable unfathomable and then there's so much judgment about that in you know in culture and in the mental health field and Judicial Systems yeah lots of systems are not quite caught up yet yeah well can you share a a little more about um I I particularly would like to talk about um I love what you just gave as an example Deb and 100% agree and celebrate the need to get to know our nervous systems and develop like you said befriend our nervous systems um also like to talk about that concept of glimmers too because that's something that I think is lifegiving in really terrifying times can you give an example of or maybe tell us a little bit about what glimmers are in your words and then sure sure yeah and and we did make sure to put some glimmer prompts in in because glimmers are a a gentle and yet powerful way that your system finds micro moments of okayness right of some flavor of ventral whether it's calm or ease or Joy or or happiness or connection it doesn't matter a glimmer is a micro moment and they happen all the time but we're not used to looking for them and we miss them so the the ability to to notice a glimmer name a glimmer find it feel it celebrate it for just a moment then a glimmer comes in it lands somewhere in your nervous system and it feels good and your nervous system says oh let's look for more so we organically begin to look for more right there is a glimmer practice that invites you to look for more the thing that happens with glimmers is every time one comes in it it's not just a oneandone experience they begin to accumulate and so they give you more access to that ventral regulating energy you can reach for it more easily and the thing I love about glimmers and I want to be sure to say is that they're not a form of toxic positivity they are not an invitation to count your blessings you know it all will be well what positive vibes only exactly no what they are is is a reminder that this human nervous system is built to beautifully hold all of the suffering and notice moments of goodness notice moments of ESS right and this is the beautiful both end of the nervous system and if you are working with your own nervous system and if you're a clinician working with clients building that ventral capacity is the essential first step for being able to be with your unresolved trauma and your suffering safely right so glimmers are this easy way you know inviting way Joy filled way to build that ventral capacity so I'm just thinking did you find a glimmer in your day yet today right I don't know did I I was I'm talking to y'all yeah that's a glimmer my my granddaughter um facetimed me this morning she lost a tooth last night right that was a glimmer in my day I was like oh and what I loved about that it was an unexpected glimmer because there are unexpected glimmers and they're also sort of predictable glimmers like looking out the window and seeing a bird is more predictable but her losing a tooth it's like oh that was very cool do you have a glimmer today Courtney so far right now the glimmer is just looking out this window that I have across um that's an easy go-to glimmer for me my God it's beautiful out this window just gorgeous yeah and so as you're saying that and I'm receiving that I can feel it landed my system too that's also the power of a glimmer when you share glimmers with others our system feels it like you probably felt my glow energy when I was talking about my granddaughter and a tooth and you had a a a experience as well again it's that beautiful way that nervous systems communicate yes yes I I want to say um a way that I have used glimmers during really hard times you know I had I mean there was a time I can't in this moment I can't tell you exactly like what year it was in the past couple years but there was a time where I was having such a hard time so many things were happening in my my life that were just overwhelming to me and I was like I would wake up in the morning and I would just be kind of you know bombarded with like I don't know how I'm going to get through this I don't know you know like how do I it wasn't even like how do I get out of bed it was just like I'm laying in bed just kind of stuck having this huge torrent of pain drop on me as soon as I wake up and then I would I thought about glimmers and I thought is there any way glimmers could help me here thank goodness for being a therapist and um and I I said you know what what else is here what else is here is there anything here that's neutral or positive just neutral or positive and I thought oh well I'm being supported by this bed I'm laying in I can feel the support of my bed and you know what I like the way my sheets feel they're soft and I I just like touched my sheets between my hands and I was like I like this fabric like I like how it feels and then my mind went to looking out the window and looking in the tree and it's like I can see the tree and I can see the leaves on the tree like these are not like super califragilistic exous type experiences but it's just more of a positive experience than the pain that I was feeling and that was enough and it's sort of like you know we think about you have to meet your nervous system where it is if you go yeah but I could win the lottery it's like well that's a little bit too far from where I am right now but you know that would that would just give me enough like balance in my system to be able to get up out of bed and then I'm like okay I can do this day you know and then I would be I would get through it and not just get through it but I would have I would be more grounded and be able to not just be stuck in that really painful place that was true and real too you know nothing else changed besides being able to notice what else is here yeah and that's how your nervous system is reshaped by tiny moments happening over and over and over again I think that's a beautiful hopeful message from polyal theor that we don't need this great big huge transformative moment the tiny moments add up and and and something feels a bit different yeah and as therapists right that's what we get to do too we get to name the all moment connection or Joy or laughter or just kind of name a special moment with a client to sort of help make S for it exactly it's just it's just allowing our systems to be doing what they're doing and and to notice the connection and the moments of peace and the moments of Hope and yeah joy and you know one of the prompts is very simple about just not you know when did you connect with someone today it's like oh I can think about being in the grocery store and I'm feeling like I don't really want to be here and then I look up and I say oh hello and the person smiles and I'm like oh that was so nice like my's like give me more give me more micro a b are wonderful those little micro moments throughout the day out in the world out in the wild I love them and when you bring them into explicit awareness they they they they feel even bigger right yeah yes yeah well I'm gonna share share the book again poly vagal prompts finding connection and joy through guided Explorations I was trying to read it backwards there um so as we wrap up can you tell us where we can find your book and everything that you're both doing and I'll put these links in the show notes well it's published by Norton so that would be the first go-to but I think you can get it anywhere you buy books wherever you want to buy books um for the most part it should be available we've got the audiobook version I saw today pop up on my audible list which was really interesting fabulous yeah I mean I'll throw my website out there I don't I I don't know what I've got going on right now other than no I do I don't have it posted but I need to um we're launching our first um UK based six-month foundations of polyal practice um Deb's kind of six month intensive um we're doing a UK kind of Europe time zone version which has just launched so that's really exciting yeah getting that yeah modern mind and heart is my website that's my practice modern mind and heart okay I'll put that on the show notes and Deb where where are people finding what you're doing nowadays oh you know is H I'm I seem to be getting back out in the world which I love traveling to to do in-person trainings um and I'll be seeing you at networker next week right yes we'll be doing another interview there so this is our I just came back from Portugal with a lovely group of PE I just love being out connecting um in a different way which is nice I just finished um the glimmers journal which actually is a GL is a journal not a lot of words a lot of place to write in please please write in it Laura I'll be getting that for sure that's with Norton that'll be out um I don't know next year I suppose and I also am just finishing um with sounds true based on um my um book anchored uh I think it's called the nervous system workbook which is takes the um exercises and anchored and then Builds on those so again I'm I'm just trying to bring to the world the ability to befriend your nervous system because I do think you know I can get overwhelmed by what's going on the world very easily and when I do that I come back here to my system this I can do I I am not perfectly certainly getting better at it but this I can do and when I can regulate this I then think I can impact the world differently so that's that's really where I am my you can go to my website and just launched a new website redesigned it's kind of fun so rhythm of Regulation and come see what we're doing wonderful and I know that it at least in the past I'm sure that hasn't changed too much that you have many resources on your website that people people love so yeah thank you thank you both for what you're doing in the world it's really it's an act of resistance to promote hope in times where there's a lot of people spreading fear and hate and violence and so it really it really matters and certainly matters to me I know it matters to our listeners and I'm very grateful for what you're doing so thank you so much for spending some time with us today lovely way to spend some time thank you for listening to therapy chat with your host Laura Reagan lcswc for more information please visit therapy chat podcast.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @tinamann3400 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this content ; after losing a child to suicide EVERYONE triggers me
  2. @heatherwall7579: How do I forgive myself for hurting my loved ones and abandoning them all at a vulnerable time in my life when I became involved with a cult? I don’t want to be here anymore 😢😢😢😢
  3. @elizabeth5193: There is a parallel process where we are helping clients to be aware of their stress and trauma and find ways to cope and manage and we need to do that for ourselves as clinicians as well. If we don't take care of ourselves, it's going to be hard to be fully present for our clients and to give them the support and help they are needing. As we reel from the fire disaster in Los Angeles, and the stress of this new administration, I am more acutely aware than ever how I need to befriend my nervious system! And I am looking as much as I can for those glimmers and connections to balance out the pain! Thank you for this very relevant talk!
  4. @inguce: This conversation is a real glimmer in my day! 🌟Beautiful, heart-based, interesting and engaging. Now heading off to Amazon to get the book. Thank you so much! 🙏💖

- Start With the Polyvagal Theory: Kind: captions Language: en all right they go on to say we have a little bit more here i or they say is poly bagel the best place to start or are there other things i need to master before or alongside i do think it's extremely important foundational knowledge i think it's a great place to start if you're asking why am i like this and you're ready for new information when i work with clients if they're asking why i say hey i got an answer for you if they're asking that if they're not they don't want to learn about biology and stuff they just want to stay you know in their thoughts or they want to get closer to those somatic feelings but they're not they don't really want to spend the time learning about autonomic nervous system i don't blame them that's okay so if you're asking why and you're ready for it i think this is the place to go i do think after that or along with that would be somatic post somatic focused things but really we want not just body stuff but things that also are comprehensive of thoughts feelings sensations and maybe even more than maybe even spirituality if that's your thing so there's other domains that i think are very important not just the somatic by itself because it's we're a whole person that all these things uh connect okay so i would really encourage you if you're going to go to somatic route don't just look for like dancing and singing and breathing those are all really important really helpful but there's a lot more that goes around along with it somatic experiencing something i've spent some time looking into seems fantastic seemed like a great option if i was going to go back to school and be certified anything that would probably be it what i would recommend and this is why i have my two courses i would really recommend first learning poly vehicle theory i have polyvigol 101 plus a ton of free stuff that you can even if you don't want to buy the course i have a ton of free stuff you can learn about poly vehicle theory following that if you're doing some self work i would really encourage you to do building safety anchors which helps you to identify safety and to really ground yourself in your safety state and not to address the not not to go directly at the pains the the stuck defensive state i don't think it's helpful to go right at it i do think it's more helpful to ground yourself and safety first and the last chunk here says honestly i'm just really overwhelmed and yeah i don't blame you i'm really overwhelmed and heard you give a little pushback on inner child work on the podcast and i hope with this one i hope i'm very clear on my thoughts about this stuff i think it can be helpful for me personally i'm not really into it um i do think it could be helpful though but these are concepts these are made up just like my puzzle thing i made it up it's not a real thing you don't actually have puzzle pieces missing inside of you but maybe it feels like that so maybe that would uh appeal to you i don't know anyhow i thought i would ask which ideas are the most valuable i again i think polyvagal theory is extremely valuable i feel really behind and it seems that polyvagal is the best place to start but i feel like i'm dipping my toes into a little bit of everything and not really retaining a lot of info thank you again for your work it's succinct and easy for me to process i just worry i don't know how any of this works i hope that that was a pretty comprehensive look at how things work how they intersect how they connect polygonal theory is the underlying foundational knowledge the science for how we are the way we are i think it's foundational things like learning about attachment is extremely helpful knowledge i think it's very useful psychological concepts can be very useful but they are metaphors narratives that are made up that can help as a top-down state regulation avenue so hopefully that makes sense these things don't necessarily conflict but yeah it's totally overwhelming it can be very overwhelming this podcast is not therapy not intended to be therapy or be a replacement for therapy nothing in this creates or indicates a therapeutic relationship please consult with your therapist or seek for one in your area if you are experiencing mental health symptoms nothing in this podcast should be construed to be a specific life advice it's for educational and entertainment purposes only more resources are available in the description of this episode and in the footer of justinlmft.com

- Getting Out of Your Window of Tolerance: Kind: captions Language: en i think it's a really good thing personally like to first off for us to all like to be able to recognize our process of going up and down the ladder right and the role of the dice is just the context of life whatever life gives you that day you're gonna have a reaction up or down the ladder or down the slide we also play candyland in our house we have candyland and then sheets and labs do you know candyland okay so now um i think it's a good thing so we recognize the context and how that what that brings us to on our ladder but we the fact that like we should be challenging ourselves we should be in situations that challenge our capacity to tolerate whatever we're going through and that's how we grow i think that if we were if we found a baseline and we just kind of stayed there and didn't feel challenged i don't think we'd be growing i think we have to have challenges to our nervous system level we have to have that and keep trying new things to to uh put ourselves in a position to like expand the capacity of what we can tolerate does that make sense yeah i gotta interrupt myself uh just for a moment here to do this you know basic youtube thing there is a like button right below the player i would appreciate it if you took a just a moment tap that like button if you're liking this there is also a subscribe button if you want to see more of what i'm putting on the future and comments are absolutely always appreciated i'd love to know what you thought about this video uh the way i frame it is that we have the window of tolerance i don't see it just personally i don't see it as expanding or well it can't expand if we can meet new challenges in life and that might mean so when we meet new challenges that doesn't mean that we meet it successfully it means that we go through it maybe that takes us out of the window tolerance and we're dysregulated and we're frantic or panicky or whatever it is but then we re-regulate come back into the window tolerance and then we can kind of reflect on the experience we can allow ourselves to feel it and let that stuff come up again if we need to but then tolerate it we can talk it out with somebody we can receive support and so that can help us build our tolerance the next time we are in that same situation or something similar we might say no i've been here before i can do this or i talked to that person that gave me wonderful advice and now i can handle this better or i have felt this before i've meditated on it i've let myself feel it again in a safe situation and now i'm more prepared for this situation so like i've shared in the past that i have uh i get panicky when i'm up high and if i do nothing that will not go away that won't stop so i do little things to help kind of expose myself to that potential dysregulation so the next time and i notice that over time it gets easier and easier and easier there are some things that would send me into like a mild panic even going on like an aw like i'm really afraid of heights i'm finding at least when i'm in a car and driving but if i can see over the edge it freaks me out and there are some on-ramps and off-ramps where i i notice now like oh i don't get freaked out anymore i'm actually i'm not even noticing this so the little things that i do they are helping and but i have to feel that dysregulation and expose myself to it in tolerable doses that can be helpful um so instead of like going over the huge bridge i'll ask my wife hey do you mind taking it over because i can't i can't handle it but as she drives i can do some deep breathing i can look over the edge i can remind myself i'm safe and i can kind of do that sort of exposure so the next time that we're in the situation i'm more likely to be able to handle that successfully and i've noticed that that's kind of my process and that's really helping

  Top Comments:
  1. @shaz_66 [1 likes]: Thank you for all your videos, Justin. This type of video, that is a clip, where the context is missing are not as helpful.

- Staying Safe and Social: Polyvagal Theory with Dr. Stephanie Cordes, ND: Kind: captions Language: en hey steph oh great how is it going it's it's going pretty okay like most days are pretty good and then i have the random write-off day which is usually like um i guess one of the reasons why i love poly bagel theory because on the write-off days i'm like okay what state am i in what does this mean what can i do about this where am i on the ladder which um which i find really helpful because as soon as we start to approach uh those situations with the sense of curiosity it takes a lot of the like the shame out of it and it gives us a little bit of space to um consider other options and to like sit in those feelings and let them happen sometimes yeah like when you're curious it's it's pretty much impossible to be judgmental and usually shame come shame and judgment kind of go together but if you're curious you don't have any preconceived notions about the thing that you're looking at so there's this openness yeah it could be whatever it is yeah yeah and like oz in there too right like you you leave yourself open to like seeing the beauty of the world and nature and all of that you get out of your head a little bit yeah you're like that's an ugly flower i hate you flower you're like okay oh look at this flower exactly you become a hippie over an egg exactly yeah exactly like our curiosity kind of yeah it puts you in hippie state immediately yeah which is maybe the key for a good mood yeah yeah yeah but let's jump into polyvagals you're already using polyvagal terminology can you explain to us what that is so there's there's no really simple way to explain poly bagel theory because it's pretty in-depth and usually when i when i talk to my clients about it i'm usually just taking like a piece of the theory that i think is really uh applicable to them and then i kind of just send them to other resources like to stephen porges or deb dana who have like a lot more resources and information about it um but essentially i will try so in school we learned about the autonomic nervous system right and you have the sympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous system and the way we learned about it was they were like these two opposing forces one is like the fight or flight fear response and the other one is rest in digest when in fact stephen porges is like hey it's actually a little bit more complicated than that um and it's he talks about it in three stages um so the top so i before i mentioned the poly vehicle ladder which is a term that deb day night uses um and she uses a ladder because when you go through the stages sometimes it feels a little bit like you're climbing up or you're like going down um the letter of arousal kind of thing yeah exactly and and at the top you kind of like you feel like you're in control you have a little bit of foresight um it's like easy to see other people's nervous systems and what they're doing and then the further down you get the more like inward um you get um and so at the top you have like the ventral bagel so it's more the safe and social place this is where it's easy to concentrate and focus it's also a lot easier to socialize with other people in this place there's certain behaviors that just happen automatically so like for example our body language changes um our voice changes we tend to use the more prosodic voice so the prosodic voice is like that voice that you pull out when you're like talking to puppies or a baby yeah yeah there's like a little bit more tone in your voice as opposed to like a flat affect um your eardrums change so your eardrums actually get a little bit tighter so they can pick up the higher sounds so if somebody else has like a prosodic voice in your environment you can pick it up um yeah and then the facial muscles too like where the vagus nerve the ventral vagus branch um goes into the um into the brain stem that part of the brain stem also um innervates muscles of the face so our facial expressions actually change when we start to feel safe and then if we drop down the ladder so let's say there's a thread in our environment and we drop down into sympathetic sympathetic is actually it's not a branch of the vagus nerve um it's our it's our sympathetic nervous system and this is the fight or flight this is where we either um we either try to fight off the threat or we try to run away from the threat our eardrums relax so now we're tuned into the loud booming sounds and if somebody is like being a hippie in our environment and starts going oh look at these flowers we might not actually hear that or it might sound annoying to us um and we're just purely focused on survival and then if for whatever reason we can't get out of that situation um or in the past we've had situations where we haven't been able to get out then we can drop even further down the ladder which is shut down this is the dorsal vagal branch of the vagus nerve it's the it's another part of the um parasympathetic nervous system and this part isn't really the rest and digest this is total shutdown so this is like dissociation this is fainting this is um like apathy not really caring much sometimes it can look a little bit like sadness too um and people tend to get stuck here it's really hard to get out um but what's really useful about the latter is that often people can use movement so to try to kind of go into like the sympathetic movement to try and get them back up to the safe and social interesting right you can start to activate because we we often think about sympathetic as bad it's like oh it's fight or flight we don't want that but when we're shut down maybe we need to kind of activate that that branch of the nervous system to kind of get us back into the window of tolerance which i know you're going to talk about too yeah probably so the window of tolerance is a place you feel safe and social but it's also it's like the amount of stress that you can handle and stay in that place so another word for that is resilience right so essentially it's like how you act in the face of stress and how much stress can you handle before you start going down the ladder um along that lines too um in the safe and social in the ventral vagal there's also mixed states so very rarely are we purely in one state um and mixed states might look like um like tag when you're a kid right so you're like still in sympathetic mode but you're still feeling safe or when you're like when you're embraced by a friend and you're holding still that would be like the parasympathetic like immobilization but still in safe and social and so if kids go through their childhood and don't have opportunities where they can practice you know the sympathetic mode in safe and social or like resting and still feel safe then these adults end up having a lot of you know attachment disorders i was just going right up love attachment theory that's that i'm just obsessed now with it i feel like that's the next place i'm gonna go yeah it's so funny actually like so i mean a little personal maybe a little bit too personal but i've had a string of um like dating experiences where my friends would be like have you heard about attachment theory have you read about attachment theory because you sound like you're preoccupied attached and but i'm not i'm not like you know there's definitely a spectrum i think for insecure attachment i was like and i remember just kind of dismissing that reading the book attached and feeling like okay it's kind of pop psychology but then recently i discovered uh dr kirk honda from psychology in seattle oh my gosh write it down it's so good he is a youtube so he has a great podcast hundreds of episodes maybe thousands of episodes um and he deep dives into attachment theory and different um um psychological constructs uh he's a couples therapist and family therapist but he also has a youtube channel where he analyzes reality tv shows and it's amazing like he'll pause it he'll pause like a conflict and he'll be like okay this is what's happening this is the attachment style playing out he's like i'll bet you the next thing that this person will say is this then he hits play and it literally comes out of their mouth i'm like i want to learn um but yeah attachment cells are everything it it shows up as health anxiety shows depression so yeah tell us about attachment theory yeah well i don't know enough about it to talk about attachment theory but social interaction is so important for our mental health right and one of the ways that we stay in safe and social and our window of tallers can grow is to co-regulate with other humans so like remember when i was talking about those face muscles and the voice like it's important that that's thrown back at you and that you're playing you know like a little bit of like catch or something with this other person that really helps bring your nervous system to that place of safe and social so if your attachment style is off a little bit that makes it very difficult to like have meaningful relationships with other people mm-hmm yeah right and it's also difficult to actually receive that co-regulation like if you're in um if you've had the experience throughout your life of people not being there for you being consistently distant or not giving you the love and attachment you've needed and maybe you've developed an avoidant coping style where you don't you need your space you don't seek attachment even though you still have a deep desire for it um you know your you know potentially your nervous system looks a lot like that dorsal vagal kind of shutdown response and you might not be compelled because you've developed this understanding throughout your life that people are not a safe place to go so you're not necessarily going to be compelled to go and seek that person to regulate your nervous system it's almost like something that needs to be worked on and todd yeah yeah it starts with curiosity yeah and with those people you're often like oh there was something off about them i don't know i don't know why like usually it's just you know they're in like shot down or sympathetic and they just can't throw those safe and social signals back at you and it just feels off and then because they're signaling danger to you right they're setting off your nervous system so one of the reasons why i like purely i totally fell in love with polyvagal theory like overnight and a big part of that was because when it came to mental health everybody was talking about like cognition cognition cognition right and i would often say even to my clients that like okay i understand here that i shouldn't be anxious but i don't get it here like i can tell myself like morning afternoon day and night like i shouldn't be anxious there's no threat this person won't hurt me but i can still feel it in my body so why is that and polyvagal theory it's like it talks about top down but it also talks about bottom up so sometimes we say that um the story follows the state so that like internal monologue that you have going on in your head that's like just the backdrop and then what did you say then and then how did they react that's all reflective of your state so it's not even necessarily true we make up all these stories that end up you know influencing our direction in life who we're friends with whatever and it really has to do with our state and it's it's subconscious but like we can definitely tune into it right and then as soon as we know it and we know the dialogue and um we practice a little bit of mindfulness around it then it's a little bit easier for us to like separate ourselves from that chatter totally because you could you could feel those signals of anxiety and it could be because there's something wrong that you need to respond to like a tiger jumping out of the bushes at you or whatever important yeah you're taking a big wave surfing yeah you're on a podcast yeah exactly feel the things but if you were just sitting in a quiet wood and you felt these oh i'm recording a podcast kind of kind of you know nerves you know immediately your mind is gonna start to say what's wrong what's going on there must be something wrong i'll do this all the time on such a look in my life like what is what is out of authenticity you're out of integrity in my life and then i start you start searching but it could just be blood sugar it could just be higher just just the inner workings of the body doing its thing yeah and yeah how do you use mindfulness in this case um well with specifically with polyvagal ferry i have recently really gotten into deb and she really likes mapping out the states just to get to know yourself a little bit better so um by writing out what situations put you into usually the best way to start is sympathetic because people usually really know what that feels like the fight or flight the anxiety so using examples of what puts you into that state uh what that feels like in your body um but also then the triggers like what gets you there then usually you would go to the dorsal veil so the shutdown the immobilized state and again like situations that get you there or like reinforce that state um and triggers that put you there and then usually you end in safe and social partly because it can be really frustrating to not come up with an example of what you feel so safe and social in so this way you're like getting the practice of like what is the state and what what situation am i in um but it also um just because if the person has difficulty finding it you don't want to start with like a roadblock a difficult task right um and then with the safe and social there's like no triggers that really get you there but like i recently came across the word glimmers which is new and hippie-ish yeah so like what can get you out of there but also like what keeps you there so like for me it's definitely biking definitely knitting walking outside in nature but also like there's key people in my life that i feel really really safe and like authentic around um yeah those are usually the ones oh and traveling oh my goodness traveling i don't know what it does to my nervous system but it's amazing yeah i've recently appreciated the the um maybe the skill or the the resource of using other people's frontal cortexes to help me regulate so when i'm having my spinning i'll just kind of go to a few key friends and be like okay this is what i'm thinking i know it's ridiculous but i just need you to tell me that it's it's ridiculous as well and there's something about that just it's like pulling the the the social group you know yeah they're like yeah charlie that thing that you're telling yourself is no it's fine or they'll just give me your perspective or and then it's okay i'm good you know yeah immediately and and i've tried not to i thought okay well how come i can't self-suit how come i can't just do that on my own like you know with my cognitive behavior therapy thought record and processing and you can do that for sure but there's something really powerful about outsourcing our emotional regulation to the community to our to our community you yes and i think also to say those things that typically trigger anxiety are shut down around somebody who's co-regulating with you at the same time so like you're talking about it again but in a situation where you feel held and like safe in that situation and it takes a little bit of the trigger out of it i would say mm-hmm yeah yeah um i have a yeah like my friend lisa recently almost every single time i see her she's like did you know we're in a pandemic i'm like that's what i tell clients all day every day like you know like sure there's stuff going on but we're also in a pandemic might like i need a friend to tell me that too yeah so if you yeah we were like yeah for the last few months we have as a society not been safe or social i mean we have been on one level but there is definitely a level where social um interactions are obviously much different and there is this sort of ominous sense of lack of safety because there's a pandemic going how do we actually regulate ourselves in this circumstance especially since it's new yeah absolutely i was uh recently listening to a podcast where deb dana was against a podcast i think it was the now it's called stuck not broken but it used to be called the vehicle podcast with jason sorry um that's how i like initially got into it especially because his first couple episodes used like music as examples of sympathetic and yeah it's great um but deb dana was recently a guest and she said um when we're in safe and social there's three things that we look out for um and one of them is context so like right now the context is we're in a crisis we're in a pandemic the second one is choice we don't have a choice like it involves us or not we could like change where we're moving there's still a global pandemic and the third is connection right and they're they're all being challenged right now in a huge huge way yeah so like how do we find connection or like the other day i had a person come in for um acupuncture for pregnancy and i've never met them before so i like had to go outside to like take my mask off and introduce myself because i was like what am i gonna do i can't just like needle somebody with a mask on and they've never seen my face before unless you need one of those masks where there's a picture of the bottom half of your face on the mask or there's like the see-through knit ones now have you read about those oh there are oh yeah yeah for people who need to mouth-read i mean you know dentists and nurses and surgeons they've been wearing these surgical masks at work all the time so they're yeah but also those situations are typically not very like safe feeling situations so like our our society in general really focuses on security over safety so like think about it like the police state are like our hospitals you go in there there's security guards right there's like really bright fluorescent lighting which makes me feel like i'm being interrogated um there's face masks there's like there's just so much there there's like this like the building comes at a level that like feels like danger unreal yeah you're hearing codes go off you've seen people running yeah can you actually make that distinction between safety and security i think that's really interesting um yeah i don't know i haven't really thought through that much let's give it a try um so security i think security is often um this idea of like protecting um goods right like protecting property and then sometimes also protecting people but it's more like protecting people's lives more so than it's protecting their well-being like sometimes people are you know like beaten down in like for the sake of security right maybe it's like yeah like tackling someone to get them out of the way of a bullet or like push them out of oncoming traffic there's a roughness to it yeah even though it has their best interests at heart you know yeah but i also often see security as something that like reinforces norms and reinforces structural inequalities um in a very big way like especially on our continent typically security has been used to protect the property of like predominantly white straight you know um and it's in a lot of ways it still does reinforce those norms it's almost yeah it's like security is trying to um to preserve comfort which is different i think we talked about you know people that travel yeah so yeah exactly right so it's part of the the the people making the laws the people dominating the culture are trying to preserve their own comfort right which then typically is like the white cis you know person or um identity but um it's yeah it's almost like i think like people that travel and they're like oh i was so uncomfortable and i didn't feel safe and it's like no no you were you were safe i mean there were street vendors talking to you or maybe there were crowds or there were people you didn't speak the language maybe you were concerned because things just seem to operate in a way that's different from what you're used to there was no lack of safety in that moment of course when you travel there can be moments when you're unsafe if you're robbed or whatever but in those moments you're unsafe you were just uncomfortable and it's sort of this distinction between those two things you know it's like there's actual lack of safety where your body and your mind and your emotions can be harmed versus discomfort where things are just not quite the norm that you're used to maybe you're not still occupying the position of power and control that you're used to maybe like that yeah yeah usually when i travel i feel safer to relate to that it also depends on the place for sure mm-hmm but yeah there's moments that you could be in danger when you're traveling but just like you could be at any any time you know absolutely you can be in a pandemic for example yeah here yeah totally um and then safety there's actually there's certain cues that happen with safety so first of all for safety feelings of safety to occur there needs to be the absence of a threat or danger because our nervous system our autonomic nervous is always scanning our environment for threat including our internal environment it's always like is something wrong something wrong with something wrong and that always takes priority so um and like quickly by like a reflex um and shuts down or you know overrides any thoughts or whatever actually like changes our thoughts as we said before yeah so in the absence of that if like our internal thermometer says it's like it's okay to have these feelings of safety then we can start picking up on those cues and i already talked about some of those like the prosodic voice the sing-song voice certain facial features but also like predictability which i think goes along with like the travel like knowing what's going to happen um like soft lighting is great um being able to escape if you wanted to or leave if you wanted to so like freedom of movement which is super huge if you think about schools like the lighting's off you're forced to sit down at an age when you have all this yang energy right and just like think as hard as you can even though like all you really want to do is you know um is mobilize and move you listen to your body like you're learning to be in your body your body wants to move yeah yeah and then especially like with all the weird social dynamics that happen in school yeah right brutal yeah yeah um but also like what what means safe could be different to different people right so like sometimes being immobilized like lying in bed can be pretty scary for some people so it's also based on experience like i recently had somebody come in who said they don't feel safe when they're perfectly still which is like partly a huge problem here but then they do when they feel like playful safe so when they like involve a little bit of the sympathetic there then they feel comfortable um that's interesting do you know how might form is that because their body is going it's reminding sort of dorsal vagal or there's just a history of being mobilized in situations that were unsafe i think so yeah it is a trigger or or like or like a history of getting attention that you want when you when you're in the class clown which is actually that's a good point right so a lot of this is like if you've learned to establish um secure connection through various means so yeah if you're sort of you're like okay you know attention or attachment or love was given sort of um precariously like it was it was inconsistent and the moments that i was more likely to get it i was being more of a class clown i was being more out there i was being more visible people would notice me maybe they would yell at me but at the same time i'd also get attached i'd get connection so it's this habit that we just perpetuate because um because we've learned that that gives us what we want that safety and security that we need yeah and also it's not just like it's it's learned but it's also the way that we survived exactly you can't survive emotionally physically like this is how you get through um and this is how like some people are still getting through but but it's sometimes it can also wreak havoc or like interfere with your ability to form meaningful connections with other people um which i think feel like is what life is all about really yeah i'm so interested in the so we think of doris vega i'm thinking like i don't know if you've used the word but dissociation so dissociation derealization sort of that hypo arousal where we're um we're sort of retreating a bit from life like our nervous system is in that shutdown mode and you're mentioning how difficult it can be for a lot of people to identify that they're in that state and so often with some of the work around um learning more about our states dana i think it was the one that that that we were speaking of starts with sympathetic arousal because it's obvious it's obvious it's more obviously known that you're anxious that your heart's pounding that you're you feel sweaty that you're you're scared um but what if someone doesn't really feel those things what if they are they spend most of their time in that dorsal vehicle response like are there tips like can you maybe describe that state for us that we can understand yeah well there's a wide variety of states and i like i really haven't looked enough into dissociation to talk about the different forms of dissociation but typically what i see is like sometimes it can be prolonged sometimes somebody is in it for a very long time and sometimes it comes and goes depending on like the state they're in so sometimes i have somebody come in and they'll just they'll be absolutely fine until i ask let's say about their digestion and then suddenly their stare goes kind of blank and their eyes go glossy and then i know oh okay there's something there that they don't want to tell me and i'm not a therapist so i'm not going to dig really hard this is just kind of where like i might reflect back to them that that's what happened um and like maybe try and plant some sort of a seed i probably in those situations i often do acupuncture around it because acupuncture is a great way to make things move without actually like bringing up or reliving that trauma um but uh to recognize it usually usually it's people who have been diagnosed with depression or don't find have difficulty finding joy in life um often it's like a monotone voice which again can be like difficult for you yourself to uh recognize um like very much sometimes like the chronic fatigue picture you know where it's like difficult to get off the couch or like burnout can look a little bit like that too [Music] there's there's a wide range that falls within there that what we call like adrenal fatigue where things are just shut down you know totally tired we're foggy yeah yeah but then sometimes too it's work it's like used as a tool like recently i had a client come in and we're like talking about um one of their parents who they have like a real history with but like they're like oh but it doesn't really bring up any feelings right now like it's just not there and like you can totally recognize that like as soon as they start talking about that person it's like dissociation like they can just talk about what happened but uh they can't really feel about what yeah i had an experience when i was an intern at the canadian college of natural ethics medicine i was working with a patient and he we'd had a few sessions together it was it was a somatic complaint a body related complaint and at one point you just kind of said do you think this could be related to ptsd and i thought oh yeah potentially yeah because we can't really find a cause for this physical thing tell me about that you have ptsd i think we had 10 sessions together acupuncture and and then he um with acupuncture needles in staring at the ceiling just in a very casual tone described really significant trauma that had gone on throughout his his childhood and his developmental years until he left home at 18. his wife was sitting with us just sobbing and she's she's heard the story before but just you could see her expressing emotion because responding to the situation with the level of emotional tone you might expect you know from such um yeah from such an experience and he was just very calmly and of course as an intern and like you said we're not psychotherapists and especially as an intern i um i definitely i needed some supervision around how to work with him and help him in that state but um i remember thinking huh like he seems so quote-unquote cool with it like it seems like he's gotten over it or he's like it's not triggering anything for him he seems fine he seems strong resilient but what was actually happening for him is he was um disconnected from the experience and and dissociated from it you know yeah which which in a lot of situations is appropriate right like sometimes addressing that stuff too soon or too fast can just make the issue a lot lot worse right it's like in a way it's our body being like you just can't feel about that right now like it's just we're not ready literally and that was that that was the supervision advice i i got when i was working with the social worker in case she was like you know don't don't start digging don't start asking questions um what we what is appropriate to at this moment is to just establish safety generally and teach him about um regulating his nervous system and staying in the window of tolerance i know this happens with emdr and different kinds of trauma work it's stage one trauma work is is stabilization and i know you do acupuncture it's like there's many techniques um meditation maybe um yeah yeah and with with self-regulation too there's different kinds of self-regulation right there's like top down and bottom up we so often talk about the top-down stuff but it's like the bottom up that's really important to polyvagal theory so top down is like mindfulness meditation cbt and then the bottom up is like acupuncture movement some of yoga and some breath work that's kind of like straddling the two sides right because like breathing is a conscious and a subconscious thing um but um so so the the sympathetic nervous ninety percent of it is the vagus nerve so the vagus nerve plays a huge part in the parasympathetic nervous system and eighty percent of is actually bottom up it's afferent nerve signals so it's actually like way more going up to the brain than down so um and and and like the examples we just talked about where there's there's people who like recounting the information just sends them into shutdown and like trying to make them feel about it can be quite dangerous and like sometimes we don't actually have to so like things emdr things like acupuncture can actually help do this like bottom up regulation so that they can start you know climbing up that polyvagal ladder and then maybe eventually start to engage in some more of that like co-regulation safe and social behavior yeah yeah i love that because i think that's uh the future of psychotherapy because so much of it was that top-down cognitive behavior therapy mind over matter mind over mood that literally is a workbook yeah it is it is yeah which i find lately yeah like there is definitely an anti-kind of behavior um group within psychotherapists kind of like yeah but i i really like cb2 i mean it definitely has uses but i find that the body somatic psychotherapy is so important because like you said most of it's coming up from the body most people's our body brain yeah and if you think of like even diet that's how you approach diet it's like just will yourself thinner [Laughter] i'm so problematic yeah i imagine myself taking off these pants yeah adipose tissue yeah i know i know what we're gonna do we're gonna starve ourselves so that we go into sympathetic and our bodies just freak out more and i actually yeah actually i'm trying to bring this point home more where it's sort of like so imagine so my body let's say let's say i gain 20 pounds and and many people have have patients or even friends are like tell you should i go on the keto diet oh okay so tell me why you want to go on the keto diet um oh well i just been reading about it and truth is i want to take off these 20 pounds that i've gained oh okay well tell me about those 20 pounds like first of all is that inappropriate weight gain or sometimes people will say something like i just don't feel like myself like i just feel like i'm a little okay that's that's fine you know um because you can talk about how we're socialized to want to be thinner and all that but sometimes we just don't feel like ourselves we feel like we've we've strayed a bit from our our equilibrium our norm and maybe that looks like weight gain as part of that picture and some sort of okay so you know what you know what's kind of going on with that what happened oh i haven't really been exercising and i've been feeling or this happened in my life or essentially there's an extra stress um that's been placed on them and so it's like well why would we then put you on a diet that's going to increase your stress levels so because your body is maybe like okay you know what something's going on in this environment i need an extra 20 pounds of energy i'm gonna use to deal with these stressful situations because what was stressful for us it was we had to repair injury which takes a lot of energy or we had to deal with starvation conditions or malnutrition like those were the big stressors um so the body's like hey we need we need a bank account we need some we need something in the savings account and we're like no yeah no we're going to starve you so yeah so i'm kind of like okay well how about we just sleep more maybe do some restorative yoga whatever right like um rather than keto diet you know or maybe eating more let's eat more and sometimes eating more right just more nutrient density so the body can be like oh we're safe we're we've got food so a lot of this is counterintuitive from what we've been taught which is like you know count your calories and and you know yeah and exercise really hard again sometimes that can increase sympathetic too if you overdo it right just in case your body was like are we are we running from a tiger it's like oh yeah we are for sure because we're running a marathon away from greece yeah it's so intense yeah yeah and so things like acupuncture um i think self-compassion is something too with like stabilization it's helpful what other bottom up like what other techniques do you um use with patients or have you found have been helpful because you even mentioned food like how does that sort of manifest what kind of recommendations you make around that yeah so like you said i i often do um approach it like changing the diet a little bit in terms of okay let's make sure you're getting enough fats proteins and fiber so that your blood glucose isn't going all over the map because that can usually change your window of tolerance um and send us down the ladder um and of course like hydration as well um often adding green veggies can make a huge difference because a lot of you know our b vitamins um minerals yeah yeah all those things folic acid um and then um so i've done like a couple self holds for people it's usually like touch and go depending on the person how and how open they are sometimes it's like oh let's try this cell phone like i learned um this self hold from i think her name is marika heinrich in in guelph she did like a somatic experiencing group once and she talked about how like if you cup the side of your face with one hand because your vagus nerve comes into your ear and the side of your face here and then the other hand you hold over your heart because your heart is innervated by your nervous system and you just kind of like hold that and hold your head for a bit it's quite relaxing and it feels really really lovely so like i recently did that with somebody or like self hugs um sometimes it's like an action so i also really like sometimes talking about ritual because our lives are so devoid of any kind of like ceremony other than you know like graduation or christmas and like often those center commerce yes right um so to have something like you know for example somebody lost their parent and they felt like there were some things left unsaid so i was like why don't you write a letter and then do with that letter what you feel is good like burn the letter bury it sometimes like doing an action can help release those emotions too instead of having them stuck in the body actually heard somebody say this is this is real off the hippie charts but they're like oh depending on like your astrological sign if your air water like so if you're an earth sign bury a letter if you're a fire sign burn it if i was like oh for sure because for me i want to put it in a bottle and send it out to sea because i'm a water scientist and not been throw yeah i don't think i'm i'm like quite confident enough to pull that one out yeah sometimes i'll preface things like that by just being because there's something personal about that you know you might be like why don't i identify at all with being a virgo but um but you know for someone that does kind of it connects it somehow too i know for sun it makes it meaningful right it's important and it makes the like the action that much more powerful and then i often also use like nutrients or herbs depending on you know what stage people are at what their other symptoms are but recently i've like really gotten into using gaba partly because it's so affordable but also it's so effective and then i'm like okay gaba works for you now i have all these other things that i know also work on gaba and for the longest time i wasn't uh dosing it high enough mm-hmm um like the pharma gaba versus the regular gaba i find the regular gaba works just fine i just need to dust it higher um and that whole thing with the like the blood brain barrier apparently our vagus nerve has gaba receptors on it into the gut so hello maybe i'm activating the vagus nerve there yeah and i think that's why it like just um over-the-counter gaba supplement isn't addictive the way that like a benzo is right a benzodiazepine which activates gaba receptors it crosses the blood brain barrier and then you can become addicted to it it's one of the most addictive substances on the planet but gaba lozenges because they're just they're activating but like you said it's 80 percent afferent so by calming the vagus nerve you're sending a signal from the gut to the brain just feeling life is good everything's calm everything's good yeah and there's also like on the way up in the brain stem there's the gatekeeper right who's like is this important information is this going to go to the brain is this not going to go to the brain so like perhaps too by having those like check points on the way up instead of it just going into the blood-brain barrier it's not like it's not like being punched across the face it's more of just like hey hey let's lift you up a little bit like let's really yeah there's there's competing signals like there's the signal of danger coming from the body or yeah the emotions and the mind is receiving that but now there's another signal there's some gaba which just for whoever doesn't know is a calming neurotransmitter yes activates the vagus nerve um parasympathetic nervous system so it's like okay well actually here's a gaba signal so there's it's kind of calming maybe muting that danger signal um whereas yeah like a benzo a lot of people will talk about how oh my doctor prescribing anxiety medication told me not to take it longer than two weeks which is now standard so we really don't have tools for pharmacological tools for anxiety anymore because the benzos are so addictive um accessorize yeah maybe exactly you know but they're like okay so i you know i took advan or i took clonazepam i took a little bit but i felt like it made me so tired because it just like you said punch face you just window of tolerance right into hypo arousal yeah it's like override totally that's almost like like the vagus nerve is there as like the conductor right to be like okay we're gonna get let a little bit of like sympathetic in here okay we're gonna put the brakes on that that's feeling a little bit dangerous and that's not appropriate okay we're gonna relax we're gonna let whereas like the gaba is just uh sorry the the benzo was just like you're out yeah you're not there's a tiger that's crying on you but like you're not responding yeah yeah which can feel like dangerous except you can't you can't have that response anymore yeah yeah it's like you want to be able to operate heavy machinery if you need to yeah yeah anything that's like i'm not bringing every machinery you're like okay i know yeah yeah you might not want to use the dishwasher under the influence of this medication it's yeah yeah but no i think yeah gaba i've experienced a renaissance for with that too i love it yeah yeah so good mm-hmm and then like probiotics we know probiotics also can release scaba so again that's like another connection like it might work through the immune system but it may also work through the vagus nerve yeah i love how this all comes together because dave miller was talking about he was he was a couple episodes ago and he is talking about how same thing like the the butt to brain connection and working with the vagus nerve and taking the stress off the um the physical danger signals of the gut so like any time there's inflammation that sends information from the vagus nerve to the brain being like there's an issue there's an issue there's danger and so he's like by just calming the gut with you know the glycerated licorice lozenges or something um it can help just take a load off that signal and then kim bretz who's the microbiome person she again is talking about yeah gaba and the microbiome and how again this information travels with the vagus nerve and so i look how vagus nerve is getting it's it's time in the sun yeah it's such a star right now yeah yeah and when i learned about it was like oh my god my like my nervous system makes sense now like now i get it like i always got it but it's it's quite an experience to have words for it yeah right you can start to say like like how are you on the vegas scale of one to ten you're like pretty good pretty yeah yeah yeah or like a couple weeks ago where like i looked i looked at i think it was like a flower and i was like usually this would make me really excited like what's going on here oh i'm in a shutdown and it's so nice to say like shut down instead of depressed yeah right no or like sometimes i'm shut down but i'm not sad i'm just like yeah i just emoted for too long you know i'm spending too much time on other people's other people's emotions that i'm just like emotionally burnt out and like i'm at a place where i just like need to stare at a wall but it's like oh i'm not depressed or sad i'm just like shut down for a little bit this is like a bit of a reset but then also when it hits a point of like okay now i'm feeling stuck what do i do okay let's do like some soft movement like maybe like running on a treadmill right now isn't a good idea because i don't necessarily want to be full-blown sympathetic but i want to like nicely get myself up there and then if i'm feeling anxious okay now maybe is the time to like go for a run to release some of that energy right right yeah that's right it's through recognizing it that you can then name it and then respond in the way that that you deem appropriate exactly and the and and a lot like mindfulness the more you talk about it and the more you explore it the more that is accessible to you in the moment because it's like really it's like subconscious but available to us consciously but like we gotta tune in to do it right yeah yeah and it's it's so true because i think a big part of it like even if i think of mindfulness a lot of mindfulness almost encourages because i back to attachment theory i think initially when they were doing the so attachment theory came from mary amesworth experiments with the babies yeah that's for listeners so strange like the strange situations tests were about so uh there would be like a six month old baby so obviously that that baby it cannot exist without its mother or a primary caregiver um primary parental figure and um so the mother or whoever would leave the room but i think these are experiments i think in the 70s or 80s so it was a mother in all the cases but they've done it with other attachment figures so the mother would leave the room and um 70 of the babies would be appropriately distressed and then soothed when she returned about 30 of the babies would not care like they didn't seem to really interact with her when she was there and when she left they didn't really notice they were more interested in like a box of toys in the room when she returned they didn't really look at her they didn't really care that's more associated with avoiding attachment style and uh and then about an another um sorry that was 15 another 15 were extremely distressed when she left the room and then when she came back they weren't easily soothed some of them were violent towards her some of them were extremely clingy they wouldn't leave her alone anymore and that's associated with the more preoccupied or anxious attachment style and i think a lot of and actually when those experiments were first starting they because the the man john bolby that um came up with attachment theory he was british and in that society of that culture it was almost um heralded to be um to be avoidant attached so be like you know exactly like children are seen and not heard children should be you shouldn't talk to children in that in that um i forget the name of the voice that you're talking about the pre oh prosodic the prosodic yeah don't talk to children like that talk to them like adults you know they're going to be stoic exactly they actually thought that the avoidant attachment style was normal and it actually that attachment doesn't ex they've repeated the experiment so interesting they they've repeated this experiment in different cultures and they found for example in japanese culture the avoidant attachment style does not exist and it's simply just because the way that children are raised typically in that culture where they really are with their parents and with their family units all the time there isn't any time when the parents not there so um so that was sort of seen like the avoidant attachment style the child that stoics that doesn't care if the mother's there or not was seen as the healthy healthy type and i feel like a lot of mindfulness circles because one of the misconceptions with mindfulness is like oh you're not feeling your emotions you're not reacting to your emotions or your so sometimes it can attract more avoidant attachment styles and potentially encourage that too right like but i think what the point that you've been making is that that mindfulness is about really understanding what's happening with your internal state and noticing if you are in shutdown or noticing when you are in hypo arousal or that sort of dorsal vagal response and then being able to respond appropriately it's not just about well i have an emotion i need to keep everything in and controlled and down and like sometimes not even act on it sometimes just choose not to act on it but sometimes even just noticing can take a little bit of the edge off of it or like make it less overwhelming um it also puts us in a position to like act versus react we're like more likely question what we're going to do if we're i'm i'm feeling angry because i'm in sympathetic because of something that happened to me earlier today is this really how i want to act but i mean sometimes too like you just can't stop it you're just mad right like it's not you don't it's yeah and it's totally not about not being mad yeah it's maybe accessing the primary emotions if anger is a secondary emotion like oh i'm actually hurt yeah but it's also yeah you know normally if i'm mad i throw things or say things i don't mean and then i have to repair that yeah if i'm out i shut down you know but here's a way i can yeah and giving you yeah and like giving you the the option at least of like changing it or acting on it if that's what you want to do yeah or even just noticing when you're throwing things like being aware of how that one thing transitions to the next yeah my problem is always keeping my emotions in like like a super super anxious child didn't want to upset anybody wanted to keep the peace with everybody this is partly why i like became who i am now because it's like i can read people's emotions really well right because like yeah yes it's a superman yeah the same yeah and like i get exhausted from that sometimes because like if i'm in a large social group there's so many people's nervous systems that i've tuned into but because of that i'm often putting my own feelings on the back burner so like anger is something that like i understand i see it i feel it but when i feel it i really like have to encourage it and it's uncomfortable and i don't like it and when i do throw a thing it's like oh my god did i do that and then i'm like proud of myself quickly pick it up never mind yeah no don't worry stop and put it back have you ever like screamed the loudest you could scream before i yeah have i yeah when i was a kid in a pillow and yeah yeah i remember as a kid being i really didn't like anger because i had nowhere to put it so i remember just feeling it bubble inside and just screaming in a pillow and um you know muscle relaxation i did tell the the last time i remember getting really angry i had all these thanksgiving leftovers i mean this is such a privileged story but anyways and it makes me feel like a four-year-old which we do like so a lot of these really like big reactions we do back to like i think probably the emotional age i was at that was like eight or nine but yeah i had all these thanksgiving leftovers that i packed away i had them in my fridge i was excited to have you know food for for lunch the next day and my family was over and they went into my fridge and they ate it all and i just and i felt my understanding was that they were doing it to spite me that it wasn't just an accident like oh yeah first of all i'm like why can't you even collect your own leftovers because there were so many leftovers yeah so you know so this is these leftovers i collected and i had plans for them and then second of all um i felt like they were just sort of like oh her leftovers let's just take them so that was my so that made me really that was your story it was my story and i remember being like malice lives in all your hearts and then like whatever then they then then like five seconds later i was like cooking lunch for the next day just like you know but yeah but it's very rare right so a lot of us it's that comfort with anger how do we respond to anger my weight was not very productive it didn't get me my leftovers back no but maybe next time you'll speak up you know exactly well i mean they were sort of like malicious in our hearts like we were just hungry oh you're understanding this as like us spining you oh no like no or you know which i was really buying into that explanation but at least yeah and that's yeah actually sharing your story right yeah the story in my head is this correct yeah and like your state is like anger right it's like sympathetic because something happened that you didn't like and you're frustrated and then the story happens like oh they did this on purpose then and we do that all the time when we go through life all the time oh they didn't look me in the eye that's because they didn't like me no they're shut down and if you like if you start to approach other people in the room like that you often assume the best of people which usually just like makes for better relationships and an easier life and like i don't think it's something that you should force because i don't think forcing anything is necessarily good and that might not make you feel safe if you're forcing because choice is really important but you know maybe for some people if they just like use a little bit of curiosity about their state um even if it's just even if it's like what made me feel this way if you're like scared of asking your body what it feels like that's even still just a first step and how could one you know if if you have a friend who you can see is sort of in that shutdown mode so that's really helpful right it's like just to be able to know oh you know yeah that person's not looking me in the eye or just running away um like i've had friends literally just kind of leave the room and you think what is it you know there's that abandonment thing gets triggered you know but um but now when you sort of understand the nervous system and understand attachment styles okay that person's probably in shutdown yeah i wonder how we might be able to help them because sometimes maybe we can just let leave them but we also do you know maybe not maybe you know maybe this is the over caretaking side of me that's yeah yeah yeah i find usually like giving choice is good being like hey first noticing it naming it right hey i see her down looks a little bit like you're like you're shut down and um like i'm worried about you if you feel like that's appropriate that might also just be a little bit like making making them feel pathetic sometimes it's like you know you're like oh i'm worried about you sometimes people don't like that yeah yeah exactly um but maybe just you know i see you're down that sucks do you want to talk about it and then like do you want to go for a walk or like can i make you dinner or something like that it's often a really good mm-hmm or do you want to get out of here and get some air yeah it's like yeah this party's kind of intense let's maybe go somewhere exactly exactly um and a lot of people too when they're in that state they might like company but they might not necessarily like to chat so like often i really like what we call parallel play where it's like you know like maybe do crafts or like watch netflix together something that doesn't really require interaction but where like the body is still there and where you know if you do have something that comes to mind that you want to say the person's there but there's but there's like none of the so so one of the signals of threat is judgment and um uh often people feel judged in social interactions especially if they have uh social anxiety which is like what i've had pretty much my entire life very intensely so like even though you like you need that interaction um to feel safe and social and it makes you feel good there's still this like voice like oh they don't like me or whatever is going on in your head which is stressful and puts you into so sometimes having like another reason for being together that takes the um that takes the performance aspect out of it or like or or there's like there's there's less pressure to talk right then that can that can create more of a safe environment for sure yeah i love that the parallel play thing you know which i think is really interesting we think of the circumstances with quarantine where so much of it is was like the social interaction was like zoom chats or yeah video chat where you're just gazing not even at someone's eyes because in order to do that i have to look at my camera yeah which is looking at you um but um but we're not doing i mean maybe yeah you could connect via zoom and just do parallel play and just have the person connect i know some people were doing that actually yeah yeah being connected while going about their their day and yeah or their tasks and then you can kind of just make a comment to be like hey steph you know how's that broccoli tasting that you're cooking and then go back to doing your thing but i think a lot of it the expectation is like this keeping in touch thing where we go you know head to head and have a conversation you know yeah yeah not everyone's cup of tea yeah or like catch up catch up yeah talk about the weather so much pleasure weather it's pretty rainy out yeah i think this is also why i love my job is because i can get like right down to the serious stuff and i love the serious stuff i love talking about like i really wasn't good at dating because i'd be like tell me your trauma which like i really do but like it's just like without even me saying that it would go there and that'd be awkward but like totally right yeah but that's that's very comfortable yeah well and also i think part of it too is just knowing that there's something below the surface so if somebody yeah you know someone's talking about the weather you just want to name it yeah but you're like okay there's a value here when we're talking about the weather it's not we're not it's really like oh the weather but i talk about the weather because of surf forecasts very yeah well the weather someone knows the weather really well yeah you're my buddy but um but it's understanding yeah like okay why the weather oh something's important to them about you know so i think yeah when you're trained to look deeper then it's really hard to just stay at that level it can go vertical pretty quickly super difficult yeah but another safe and social i was just reminded of another signal that we can send out over zoom is of mirroring so mirroring is when you copy the other person's movement whether that's like going like this or like this and we like naturally mirror what the other person is doing just to show them that we're intrigued that we're engaged that we're safe um so one of my friends has been doing this like expressive art sessions over zoom and for one of them we actually like we did uh like hand movements of how it felt how the session felt and then everybody copied it it was really cute and it felt so good what was your what was your hand motion i don't know right now i want to go like this yeah yeah exactly yeah and then everybody else did it and it was like oh my god it's really good in here yeah well you feel validated you're like oh yeah everybody had the same experience is that rewarding feeling of you know we all had a similar experience but this is evidence that it was a really similar experience from internally as well you know it wasn't us like if you're all looking at the same thing like that analogy of the elephant where um people who are blindfolded touch an elephant one person goes oh they touch the tail oh it's the snake and one person touches the foot oh it's a tr it's a tree trunk but you're like we're all looking at the same elephant we're all experiencing life in the same way we're all together that's true yeah we're all making this hand motion in response to the same session that we were in you know yeah yeah it like reminds us of the greater stuff and it puts things into perspective and i love the actually you know so um when you're talking about the hands on the body the um self holds they're called self holds that's right yeah and this this comes up a lot like there's a book bouncing back by linda graham who it's a book but resilience and then um kristen neff and and self-compassion there's a lot of hands on the body for oxytocin relief uh release um and i remember actually had a bit of breakthrough with a patient talking about this last week where i was like it's because if i put my hands on my body i'm like okay i feel a hand touching i'm i'm more in my hands as the um experience it's kind of like looking through a chain-link fence where you can look at the chain links and then the backgrounds blurry you know sort of the uh what do you call it shallow depth of focus you know like a camera lens or you can focus on the background then the chain is blurry so i'm like yeah i can feel myself touching my body but i can also focus which takes a little bit more effort on my body being receiving the touch and there's something all automatically soothing about that and i think we did it together and she was like oh right yeah like it it does feel like being held you know yeah beautiful it can be really powerful it's super can yeah yeah it reminded me of like have you seen the the midnight gospel on netflix oh yeah it's so good that last episode where it's like it's talking about like meditation and they they start with the finger like feel what it's like to be in your finger to be your finger what does that feel like and then like feel at the hand and then the arm and then the other arm and then like your limbs oh it's so good okay yeah what's it like to yeah concentrate all of you in in in your finger the tip of your finger yeah and all of a sudden there's a change in your experience you know how intense but you meanwhile you always have a finger it's not a sensation in your finger you know yeah yeah it's like again it's that like subconscious that can come into your consciousness but like there's just so much information right we need to like pick out what's important and really it's the danger that's important yeah that's what's going to help us survive yeah right yeah that's yeah that's i think this idea of like the negative bias where it's like why is it so hard because i mean if you just appreciated things and didn't focus on what was dangerous you wouldn't survive so it really is like a conscious shift to try and focus on the things you want to right like to focus on the tip of your finger takes a lot of work because the tip of your finger for evolutionary purposes is kind of irrelevant unless you've cut it or heard it you know yeah or you're using it for something yeah but also what the negativity bias like the opposite can also happen where like if you remember an experience that you absolutely loved that made you feel all of those good the like the same physiology will happen as when you actually experienced it and the more you go back to it the more it will have this like really good effect on your life where you remember perhaps the like last month as a very positive experience which can also be awful in relationships that are really rocky right like when you look back and you're like focusing on that good stuff but like really it's just gotta end like and the random rewards the variable reward right where it's like you you just you want another hit of that dopamine yeah yeah so you're like you're like miserable and miserable and miserable i'm gonna get that text message that i crave and validate me and establish my attachment security and i also like this chase because it's what i'm used to and all that yeah yeah yeah but but i think i think yeah in emdr they talk about safe place where you visualize you know maybe an um yes mythological place or um or a real situation yeah yeah whenever i hear like emdr i'm always like oh yeah my safe place i want this oh yeah but this is fine my safe place is like at my favorite music festival in a field where like this amazing band was playing in the background and i was with my part like an ex-partner at the time but i was like in love in that moment and like everything was just perfect like i always go back to that i always go back to that yeah right so there you really secure attachment so you know regardless of how things turned out it was in that moment there was a real secure attachment you're not quite in the i'm not visualizing you sort of in the midst of the crowd it's in the background you've created your bubble i'm just like but there's still like community and there's like nature and you're like on an island in a lake and there's like good music i always love music i use music to change my moods all the time like talk about like when like i'm in shut down and i need to stay and shut down because it's like it's feeling comfortable which isn't always a good sign but like depends on the person right but like when i know that i've been going too hard too fast too long um like listening to some really calming music is like kikiki um and then i definitely have some like more punk like loud sometimes screaming music that like i'll pull out once in a while where it's just like i just need to get rid of some energy on my way home from work you know it's like releasing that pent-up stuff yeah and then lately i'm super into father john misty which is probably more of like the shutdown stuff because he's like he's an artist who's super depressed and so lovely but like really down on the world and like but his music is so beautiful so i think in some ways that has like really helped me to like hold space for those like sad feelings you know and like for the frustration of like where the world is at in so many ways in terms of you know like inequalities but also the environment and then also covet like it's just layer on layer that's a lot yeah i'm interested yeah as you're talking i'm wondering about because you're saying you know sometimes i want to stay in shutdown but the way that you describe john misty what's his name father john misty will you describe the music it doesn't sound like you're and you can correct me that that you're like dissociating when you listen to it almost is like something about that resonance um or that shared common humanity of like yeah he's in he's describing this place i'm in this place it almost seems like it's bringing you up the ladder 100 yeah yeah yeah letting you down further to listen to some describing that state yeah it's like somebody coming and saying like hey i understand you i get where you're at like it's okay to stay there but by that you're already creating that connection that's like working that bagel break the vegan break is like your vagus nerve allowing things in and not and like making sure that all of the states are appropriate to the environment right so like you're accessing that place where you have a little bit more control over your state a little bit more emotional regulation even though you're in the sad yeah even though you feel a shutdown yeah absolutely yeah you're just heading into the side you're like let me just stay in the side but by doing that i it's like a paradox now i'm actually yeah not out of the side but i'm in this um the safe and secure place safety yeah by being social by you know father john misty and you know yeah yeah yeah thanks for that i've never thought of it that way but then sometimes i listen to it and i'm like oh this is annoying like it's beautiful but it's annoying because i'm not there right you're like i need the punk rock yeah yeah smash things yeah i need to scream in the basement yeah yeah there's something yeah because this idea of um i think you know last march i remember texting my friend and being so it was this idea of you know all the things that i help people with this is last march like all these things i help people with um fatigue and hormonal imbalance and mood is i am i am i am i have a low mood i'm definitely hormonally imbalanced and i am fatigued and like all of the health issues that people are coming to me with i'm i feel all of it and i was really not in a great place and i remember just wanting to lie on the couch and eat and i was like maybe this is healing my friend's like yeah maybe you're in a space where you are developing empathy for that need to do that and it's not wrong and eventually you will get up off the couch this is the idea of healing and um but you know by forcing it maybe you know your body is not ready it's like yeah yeah this like being in shut down or i don't know if it was full shutdown but it was kind of in that in the middle like it was on the edge of maybe a couple steps up the ladder let's say but it did feel you know it felt bad when i worried about it like how long am i going to be here my entire life you know but or made it mean things but if i was just like you know it just feels right to just lie on the couch and watch netflix and and let's see what happens and let me give myself time you know let me listen to father john misty yeah but it's not easy to do like our culture is so focused on productivity i find it impossible to relax which is why i'm so glad that my partner's good at it because like i need people like maybe that's why i love the parallel play thing i need people to be able to sit down like if there's dishes to be done or like i'm gonna do it i'm gonna clean that closet i'm gonna like until i literally i'm just staring at the wall and then i'm like dissociated and like if i'm dissociated that's not really all that helpful anymore right because then like i don't really know what i need or want anymore um like i'm not in my body anymore um you know if i'm like watching too much netflix or like you know playing a computer game or something for too long it gets to a point where like okay for the first half hour or hour that was probably restful but then you're just like so tuned out that it's like it's not really good anymore yeah and you feel stuck i think that's yeah you get yeah look i feel like i'm done getting enjoyment out of this video yeah i can't stop yeah and i think i think people in general are pretty good at knowing when they're stuck like a lot of people will use that to explain what their mental health feels like right like a lot of people just intuitively use the word stuck but sometimes like i said before sometimes it can also just be like really comforting and i think especially in a way that like sometimes if you're hanging out in the sympathetic for a very long time it can just be like so much that to like go one step further down where you just don't care um can just feel really really soothing but also dangerous um especially you know if if there's some of that fear around like starting to move again and especially if you start to develop like panic around coming into contact with other people right because like the longer it's been since you've had a social interaction especially like a good social interaction it's hard to like be be interactive with somebody and show those facial muscles and right like it's a little bit of like a thing you need to flex it's a thing you're supposed to learn from your parents and your or your community i should say your community i really don't think it's like solely up to the parents but like today a whole lot of parents are in fight or flight and in shutdown and they're not able to do that for their kids right because you know um because we don't take care of each other very well we're in these nuclear family units which now it's been revealed to us like we really did have a village but it wasn't quite a village you know we had daycares and we had um school but but now that's all shut down it's really just the nuclear family units yeah 100 but even when even when we had school so like so what you go to like what grade with all your friends if you're lucky like you didn't all change and then you go to all to different universities and then you go to university any of your university friends and then you go to all your different jobs like there's so many interruptions um and it can make it really difficult especially for people where it takes like a little bit longer to build trust i completely relate to this social socialization being a muscle that you flex like i remember moments when yeah like being shut down throughout my life for periods of time and then returning back to the social world and feeling so socially awkward and i actually had a few moments where i remember feeling you know throughout this quarantine like i feel like i'm i'm sorry my like socially awkward years definitely like middle school right it's like this classic time when horrifically where social i remember thinking back to that um so so like observing my behavior in my state and thinking i feel like i am 13 again in some some ways and i feel like i've moved past all that stuff or healed a lot of that stuff um and i'm like what's going on and then it just kind of occurred to me like you just haven't had social practice you know with the the small acquaintanceships like saying hi making small talk with the barista at your coffee shop those things making small talk with the cashier at the grocery store now you know cashier is rightfully so terrified especially at the beginning of this whole thing they're not being safe and social at all to just kind of chat with you about bananas or whatever yeah yeah so it's all stable on that line yeah exactly so and then without the social cues like i mean i have kind of a funny story where i bought um children's books for my friend that just had a baby and i sent them via amazon and they were just books i loved as a kid probably as like a seven-year-old kid though and then i remember thinking oh those they're having a baby these books are not baby books even though babies can't read any books and i was like oh baby books are kind of like those big cardboard books of the books that float in the bathroom like what i did was weird i didn't buy um an age-appropriate gift and then which is a ridiculous thing and this is one of the things that i outsourced of my to my friend who was like it's fine at baby showers you get all kinds of things like but i was like it's like me buying size you know 18 jeans for a baby being like oh he'll grow into or she'll grow into them and and then you know i just was stuck in this thing feeling um sort of outcasted just very strange it's such a small example but it was just such a strange experience and then i was like what is going on why am i so self-conscious and socially awkward and it was you know why there isn't the social cue of if we were at an actual gathering and they unwrapped the gift and i saw compared to the other gifts it was kind of age inappropriate i may have made a joke they would have laughed smoothed it over and said oh of course we were asking for books babies can't read any books and these are great and yeah all these books are teaching you about psychological schemas and complexes and that formed you and that's really cute and personal and thank you yeah yeah so it was these kind of things was just like without that feedback yeah you know sending gifts into a void yeah the mind just feels in the blanks and it was without her nervous system telling your nervous system it's okay it's like a whole nother thing to like see it typed in an email right you like need the body language too yeah like thank you for the gift you're like what does she mean by that is that thank you for the gift or is it thank or like they just don't want you to be embarrassed you know they're just taking care of you yeah and then they're like oh my god guess what italia did yeah that was yeah i think i saw a funny meme about exclamation marks and like the first one is to show that i'm friendly this don't put this exclamation mark because it's too many the third one is yeah all the meanings that's funny yeah but it really makes me wonder what things are gonna look like i mean i feel like it's gonna be a very slow process but i mean one once we're at a point where we can go into each other's homes again and sit down and have dinners again or go to i don't want to say a bar because i don't i don't really drink all that much these days but like go to a restaurant and feel like comfortable not wearing a mask and having the chairs a little bit like that kind of an environment and being social in that kind of environment what that's going to do for people and i know there's some people that are already doing this like in my community our restaurants are open and you can take off your mask while you eat um but in my community we're still like in my friend community we're still very aware of who we're in contact with and what our bubbles are like so it's gonna look very interesting like even just like getting together in a park and sitting two meters from one another it's it's definitely weird yeah in a way that like you also realize what it is that we're grieving right because like if i'm at home and on zoom some of that is still from before pandemic days like sure it's a lot more now but sometimes like my nervous system forgets what it's missing if that makes sense and then i see a body that i really really want to hug but i can't hug and then i'm like oh my god i need that hug so badly and i love this person so much and i never see them you know um yeah flooding back and then it's like a lot of social awkwardness but right because into my head elbow tap do we yeah yeah or also yeah when you start to that idea of oh this is what i'm missing like i remember yeah yeah feeling that when i would see someone be like oh wow that's right what it's like to and then i remember having these really strong cravings just sit around a campfire with people very specific a campfire a group of people around a campfire and people and you're not it's again that parallel play but but we're sort of just making comments making jokes banter just like those stupid offhand little things yes you're looking at the stars your mind's kind of wandering and you're just you're together you're not having these focus zoom conversations like this kind of thing was i'm just screaming it like i want a group of six or more people campfire and we're just witty banter yeah you're just hanging out yeah yeah you know yeah it was actually on um so there were there was a storm uh on the weekend on the weekend and so that um waves on the lakes right yeah and so yeah so everyone else is cowering inside i was like figuring out my day planning it all nice and so in lake erie sunday evening there were waves on lake erie and uh a lot of people heard about this it's sunday night so there's like and you know you don't think that a great lake the great lakes have has a huge surfer community until you see when there's a big day and the waves were scary way out of my comfort zone so i was kind like i could paddle out in that but i like i definitely was out of my window of tolerance to actually take a wave yeah it was like you have to take at least one and then i just wiped out lost my oar ring it was just and then i was like capping oh yeah it was okay and um yeah i'm like at least i tried um so we're like in this crazy like storm-like conditions a big group of people all social distancing obviously because it's like you're surfing you can't be near people anyways but just a big group of people this kind of you're not really talking um but i saw a lot of people that i that i knew before i hadn't seen in a while yeah and at one point the sun comes out and there's this amazing perfect i've never seen a rainbow like this it was a perfect arch it was like lucky charmed cereal box you know the the six colors just completely fleshed out there was kind of a double rainbow but the main one was really strong opaque almost and it was like wow and so you're kind of trying to enjoy it dealing with the waves and it was just this magical moment where i was like this is what it's all yeah and um yeah and it was just kind of like you know but these sort of spontaneous moments where it had all the things like you're moving your body you're in nature um you're you're with people there's this camaraderie but it isn't necessarily intense focused interaction you're just together in these circumstances then this beautiful thing happens that was totally unexpected that the earth just kind of offered up and the sense of awe and yeah just was you know i miss those so much unlike the uh the spontaneity like you know like just going going out and i don't know like going for a walk in a park and running into a friend and then having a walk with that friend and whereas now it's like oh what are you doing like do you have a mask i don't even really feel comfortable like walking and social distancing because then you're passing other people you know like everything requires so much planning yeah right exactly yeah but i'm also so lucky because i'm still seeing people in clinic so like i'm i'm doing acupuncture in clinic so i do have like some face-to-face like i do see my front desk like there's two other naturopaths that practice in here um so that is like oh my god that's so helpful for my nervous system days when they're not in and i come in it's like it's a huge bummer it like almost ruins my day i'm like you're alone yeah yeah i'm like baby gotta be home tonight cause like i've had no social interaction today yeah yeah you've been another human at least once please yeah yeah yeah it's so important yeah are you still doing community acupuncture like so community acupuncture is closed um and we're just kind of feeling things out um and like whether or not i go back is in question two because it's like it's a business and it's kovich you know and really like in this world it could probably be a one-man show for a little bit or a one-woman show i should say um so yeah we're gonna see but um i hope to go back yeah i mean i'm just going to say it's powerful regulation because not only is it the acupuncture there's other people receiving acupuncture i mean you can definitely social distance it's just it's just kind of strange because not typical business not like a restaurant that we kind of can have rules around it's like oh what are you doing you're doing acupuncture together it's kind of like a yoga class like a shabasana at the end of yoga class like you're everyone's still in their in their places but there's something co-regulatory about community and i actually like when i got into polybagel ferry one of the reasons why i adored it is because it really explained a lot of why community acupuncture works so like the fact that sure there is an authority figure right like we we do know more about acupuncture than our clients do but they do outnumber us um and we do we're on a stool when we needle them so we're not hovering over them we don't wear white coats um really there's like minimal talk because we just really need the information of what we need to needle like low tones too low tones yeah lots of whispering um everything is in sight it's like in a circle so you can like see the circle at all times you like you choose what chair you want to sit in what blanket you want to use whether you want a blanket or not but also like how far you lean back um people like keep their clothes on right like we we needle elbows below and knees and below um yeah there's just so much so much lovely about it and you're like sharing our time so um it's more affordable and more accessible but then also we get more experience because we're needling more people per hour and it's also like as a job it's a little bit more secure than doing just acupuncture because a lot of people who go through acupuncture school you know it's similar to nds it's pretty hard to make it yeah yeah so um and and it's like it's not huge competition to people who are doing one on one acupuncture because it's very different like most of the people we see wouldn't be able to afford one-on-one to begin with they wouldn't be able to go into acupuncture to begin with and then also there's the the amount of treatments so like um it's important usually to get acupuncture more than once a week from most of the things we see and that's just not doable in a one-on-one right yeah yeah it's so powerful right yeah because you know i mean there's sort of the individual experience with one-on-one right so that has its benefits but then with community you can extend the benefits by going regularly you know yeah utility treatment or regulation and then you're like you're on the on the table on your own one-on-one and then like maybe you like me personally sometimes i feel like a little bit awkward like do i talk to the practitioner do i not talk what is whereas community acupuncture it's all kind of like intuitive the way it's set up and you're like encouraged to be quiet with the needles then that's kind of just what happens um and there's like there's way less pressure to like go to your deepest tell me your trauma no i don't need to know that i just need to know like are you feeling anxious is it somewhere in particular in your body really i don't have to know that but like are you sleeping like those kind of questions it's like fairly surfacy questions um and then people can get help for stuff it's great so great yeah yeah seeing other people relax helps us relax right there's like also that mirroring thing and then like the the signals from other people that it's safe to sleep in this room with other strangers yeah right yeah exactly like that if the person beside me is dozing off and snoring then it must be okay you know you get that permission that social permission yes and for like first-timers they can come in like children can come in with their moms or their dads or their like or their other parent um um and that can be super safe or you know you can come in with a friend if you're feeling anxious about it and they can get you looked and then you can get needles it's great yeah right acupuncture is so powerful like i know you know it just reveals so much yeah it's this idea of somatic therapy you know and like you said do you really need to talk that much like because the body talks you know so some i mean talking is great talk therapy is super helpful in so many ways but they're it's not for everyone and you don't want necessarily people to not receive the help that they might want just because they don't really want to sit and just talk to a therapist or someone you know for sessions and sessions yeah or they can't because they're just like so dissociated from that trauma because their body's protecting them from it right right exactly and maybe talking takes you out of your window of tolerance or maybe it's just not helpful maybe all you really do is talk about it and now there needs to be some further integration in some way you know yeah yeah or like your client that you're talking about where he could like recall the entire thing and there would be no emotion there right now talking about it isn't really doing anything except for maybe like knowing that somebody else is carrying your story too right right and it's difficult to as a practitioner i'm hearing the story um i'm seeing emotional expression from his his wife um so there is an emotional tone in the room but it's not coming from him and so it's not a listening and emotional response in me to be able to mirror or match it's sort of um it's really just information you know and so once that information is conveyed maybe we don't really need to talk anymore you know unless it's helpful for him but it seemed like he he knew his story was reciting it and to kind of fill me in but it wasn't doing much for him to to speak it and potentially and it's hard to see this especially as a new practitioner but it was potentially actually doing him harm to speak about it because he seemed calm he was under his he was down the ladder right he was just so sleepy yeah so yeah um whereas it looks like okay he's he's good he's not you know you know getting having a panic attack and he's not throwing things he's not disregulated but he was dysregulated it just is not as as apparent when it's um hypoarousal yeah yeah or like when people aren't crying right when there's not like the signals that we typically associate with yeah yeah and then so with um devdana it's the things that promote safety is context choice and connection the three c's yeah yeah and that was i don't know if that she has a new book i don't know if it's in the new book um but it was i got that from a podcast the stuff not broken podcast yeah talking about the new book so who knows it used to be yes it used to be the polybagel podcast now it's stuck in and broken that's it yeah yeah yeah i prefer the poly bagel i guess yeah at least you know you're like oh it's going to be yeah i have it in my apple podcast i've subscribed but um yeah you're like at least i know it's about polyvagal but you know i think like you said people do identify with the word stuck and we identify with the word broken right there this idea of there's something wrong with me um and it's nice to know that no you yeah normal physiological response let's learn about that yeah yeah yeah and even the learning about it is therapeutic you know that's what's so special about it because knowledge is power yeah gives you yeah it gives you some choice in the matter some context exactly and some connection because if someone's talking about it on a podcast it means that you're not the only one that's a big thing too it's like this idea of the common humanity that you mentioned with um father john misty or even just talking about something it's like oh you know what if the fact that i'm having this experience emotional or mental i'm probably not the unless i'm i'm like bjork level creative i'm probably and even bjork is just harnessing common humanity to create her her kind of like interesting art right yeah this this emotion this thought has occurred before in somebody else's body someone else's consciousness i'm not alone with it um possibly one of the other nine billion people on this planet is feeling the exact same way you know so something about that where there's there's a connection there to just know that someone's talking about these things yeah and that can happen in all art forms too right like it can happen in not not just in music but it can happen in dance it can happen like through books or poetry through like visual art yeah 100 and sometimes like i'll like art not because i like the way it looks but the way it makes me feel right i'm like why does this make me angry but i love it yeah no i tend to go for like the sorrowful sad beautiful stuff yeah i want to i want to amplify this emotion to look at it well that's actually another thing too is let me amplify this to to validate it yeah really flesh it out because i'm feeling this kind of feeling and then you you feel you resonate with what you're listening to what you're looking at what you're reading about okay yeah this is a valid thing it's a little bit bigger now and i can actually let it let it show me what it needs to show me maybe or yeah but like imagine if we were raised in a community where it was like emotions are valuable where like we asked like why is it that that kid is having temp for tantrums or why are there these behavioral issues or like you know why do we make kids sit in school and listen for most of their time there what if we encourage people to have emotions instead of trying to make people focus on their cognitive processes all the time would we need to still amplify our emotions or would we just be a little bit more intuitively aware of what's going on you know like those gut feelings maybe we'd actually know what those were and they'd be a very very useful tool for most people right i feel like as a society we're very much like just walking around heads most of the time not really like like being blind to a whole lot of things because we're not listening to a huge part of our nervous system that has some very valuable information but you know we're always like oh i think therefore i am it's like the thought process that rules all it likes it's it's what differentiates us from animals you know like it's all this weird twist and talk of yeah we need to be on the top of the hierarchy and control nature yeah that's actually yeah my friend victor has been he's been on this podcast twice and he's like descartes is where it all went wrong that's why we have this society that we have because mind and body are separate animals don't have souls the whole thing right yeah and you know if an animal doesn't have a soul like if coco doesn't have a soul um then my my animal body doesn't have one either it's only my head yeah you know yeah so the animal of my body needs to be dissociated from disconnected from overruled overcome like you said the willpower the diet like yes animal asking me to eat is invalid i need to suppress it and this whole thing that gets us into trouble sometimes you know yeah let's like put like let's suppress our drives like even even our approach to sexuality right it's like you gotta just avoid it avoid it shame shame shame and then of course like a good population of a good proportion of our population will have like these weird like these odd approaches to sexuality that are sometimes very dangerous not always but sometimes um but i mean that's partly because of how we view it in this shame circle like if we talked a little bit more which i mean now we talk at least in my community we talk about it way more but like consent and safe spaces and you know having like having safer ways to express those drives and urges it can be like so therapeutic yeah like um mauricio you are who's also in this book so many like other episodes tie in i feel like we should all get yeah have like just a big conference um he's a sex therapist and he uses narrative therapy and uh talks about this is sexuality it's it's like it's a drive and then you said something else but it's also it's also something that's been socialized right so we have the yes we have the socialization and then sometimes those two things don't aren't in alignment it's like my body wants this but this is how i quote unquote should be yeah like this or a whatever should be like this and so um so what happens when those things are are um they're um inconsolable or i don't even know what the word i'm trying to look for but you know what i mean like you're like shame gener is generated and when where shame is dissonance yeah this dissonance then there's this this marginalization or this like um acting out and then that can be pathologized like this idea of sex addiction where he's like is it really an addict is that really a thing around and you know actually one really interesting thing he said was so his phd is with um youth sex offenders which is a very interesting area of study because you're like whoa that's that's you know if you're talking about marginalization it's hard for even open-minded people to be like oh that's the group i'm going to empathize the most with because these are typically people causing trauma to others right but those are also who have been deeply traumatized and he said that a lot of it when he expresses the when he just educates um some people in this population about the idea of consent they're like oh that makes sense oh never thought about it like that no one ever told me about that okay cool and it's like wow that is such a simple intervention that we you know easily you could kind of label that person as like something's wrong with them they were born this way there was something but it's like oh they just didn't know there was just no conversation around consent in their household or in their school or it just wasn't communicated and the way that they identified with sex was was problematic in many ways you know yeah this whole thing like you said yeah bonnie the mind the social how we're socialized yeah i recently came across some research that talked about people with a porn addiction and how if they were um they were led to believe that it actually wasn't that shameful that they that that actually really helped their addiction that like the shame part was part of their addiction and driving their addiction so perhaps if if we like had a healthier view of it overall yeah it's it's like i won't need to hide yeah and like and there's just there's so so much pain that happens out of like people feeling like they don't belong right like being being deviant or being like on the outskirts of society whatever that may be you know whether it's like um race or like gender non-conforming or whatever um like we're it's important for us to be long and like that alone can sometimes be traumatic because people view us as other and then when they view us as other like they're not co-regulating with us and that like it feels dangerous and then you know a lot of these people go through life um like with a really high danger cues thrown at them all the time um yeah actually in psychology in seattle they do do deep dive on on suicide um and the the biggest risk factor for suicide ideation and and actually um and the act is is not like you would think it would be depression or trauma it's a lack of belonging and that's the so it's it is and you hear a lot of stories or people be like when i reached out or had an uh like unsuccessful attempt um there's better terminology that i'm that's escaping me but you know like in complete or you know i attempted and and i'm still alive um they were like it was you know in in getting that sense of belonging and having that person that showed care it made all the difference and you hear a lot of stories like this where um feeling like you still have an accountability to your community or you still have a connection with them or you belong somehow and even talking with patients they'll say we often ask the question like what keeps you here if someone's having suicidal ideation and they'll usually reference you know someone in their life whether it be a pet or their parents or or somebody you know that they belong to in a sense or that they have a sense of belonging with so it's big you know huge and like there's this huge myth too uh suicide that like as as soon as you ask people about it it's more likely to happen like you're encouraging the behavior because you're making it okay and that is not true yeah like just talking about it alone can sometimes be a huge relief and like you said like reinforce that connection feeling understood feeling like you know there's a way out there's hope even just like having your story being be heard or like see somebody who who's interested in why or what's going on yeah right avoiding the situation yeah but it's yeah it's kind of like making me this me think like you know the sense of belonging um is not just like oh and something that's nice and yeah actually life preserving you know yeah alive it's it's a necessity it's a fundamental necessity to life and without it there's actually a risk to um to survival you know yeah yeah so uh so how steven porges actually came up with the polyvagal theory was he was studying um heart rate variability do you know about heart rate variability yeah so it's like the difference between like two or more heartbeats and the bigger that difference is um the better like the lower your risks for things like cardiovascular disease diabetes all cores all cause mortality so like you're more likely to die and be sick if you have a lower hiv and so he was like okay what makes people have a higher hrv and it was actually like a sense of belonging and social connectedness um and feeling safe so it does like it totally saves lives yeah really yeah okay like so important for our physiology yeah actually fernando talked about this he was like having so there was a study men in their 50s they have the lowest risk of cardiovascular disease if they um based on the number of close friendships they have yeah and he was like i got three more years to get me some good friends and so we were laughing about like yeah he was like me he's like it might be better to enjoy your chicken what are they called mcnuggets with your close soul mates then kale with some so-so relationships yeah it's true it's so good 100 percent true so i love you yeah any any last thoughts stuff this was awesome um i don't really think so um i just really i just really want to hit it home that like to be curious is really really important um but also to go slow to go at your pace whatever you do whatever whatever help you're looking for whatever support you're looking for to make sure that you feel comfortable in that relationship with that practitioner so like sometimes i hear people say like oh i went to see a natural father i went to see a therapist but it wasn't a good fit you've got to look for the good fit yeah it's not going to be a good fit every time it's just the way it is your personalities have to jive um you should be feeling safe and social with your parents should be feeling safe and social and you shouldn't be forcing anything so like if you know meditation isn't working for you don't don't force it i wouldn't like say write it off forever but i wouldn't like force it in that way i would maybe try something else or like go for a slow walk or do a self-hold or try and map out your states try to write down you know what state feels like what to be super patient and if you have one of those things like we were talking about where you feel very dissociated about it and you just can't talk about it it's okay for now to not be the time right it's it's okay to not look into that to not dig deep into that it's like i often say i feel like i have this big deep down trauma that like needs to come out i need you know i did a 10-day papasna i got nowhere just some anger came out i didn't find it it might not be there but it might be there but you know it's like sometimes you just have to be patient that it's going to come up when and if it needs to right to just like let it happen but also like be curious about it search it find your people yeah yeah and if it needs to because there's a good article called um no no it's not no pain no gain it's the opposite but it's it's dismantling this idea of no pain no gain it's like i have to suffer to heal it's no you need to face your trauma i mean maybe but there's also this idea that maybe if there's this deep down trauma maybe you know if you're living the life that makes you happy and um and you have satisfaction and joy and you're feeling your emotions your embodied and all the things you want if you're living your preferred life in your preferred identity maybe it doesn't need to come out you maybe it does but maybe not yeah 100 and just be curious about it that's interesting maybe i'll come out sometime yeah maybe yeah exactly what maybe we'll see it's shadow maybe not yeah that's life yeah i don't know so thank so i'm gonna have links in the show notes for how people can find you on instagram and your website and and all the things you offer and thank you so much this is such a great combo i love taking the time uh like i've never really explained like polyvagal theory like that that holistically before um it was great it was a great uh it was a great experience it's also like i do not like talking on podcasts this is my first podcast i do not like it but you were like do you want to talk about poly bagel theory and i was like hell yeah i want to talk about probably like i can't say no to that so you got me here yeah my mission is to make it feel like it's you're not in a podcast and sometimes i achieve that sometimes not so no it felt pretty good yeah it feels pretty good yeah yeah we'll see you later

  Top Comments:
  1. @cjennings6179 [1 likes]: Acupuncture is a LIFE SAVER. ACUPUNCTURE heals SLEEP APNEA, & ASTHMA triggered from ALLERGIES. ACUPUNCTURE Strengthens immune system. CALMS Nervous system!  Oh what a RELIEF!!!
Feel so much BETTER!!!👍 
Acupuncture for dental Pains. Ahh relief!!! Pain RELIEF!!! 🎼🎵🎶😎🔎🔑🔑🔑🔑🔑👍 Acupuncture is better than some professionals hurtful & scarring skills.   Reasons & CAUSES for.  What is the CAUSE of a troubles of living life. Who is authority?  Each person is their PERSONAL SELF AUTHORITY: Captain of one's SHIP. PERSONAL RIGHTS ARE A PROTECTION FOR WELL BEING & HAPPINESS!!!!   Truth. Core VALUES DIGNITY. & INDEPENDENT LOYALTY.  NOT selling out. SERIOUSLY.
STANDING FIRM. CONFIDENCE. BRAVERY in AIM TO PROTECT ONE'S OWN BODY & MIND. This OLD World Systems Views are UNSAFE: UNTRUE. To live GOOD & FEEL PEACE IS A DAILY CHALLENGE(s).  NOT EASY.  NOT EASY to meet all CHALLENGES Alone.   Social CONNECTEDNESS IS NEEDED.  Necessary for LONGER LIFE WITH MENTAL STRENGTH ABILITIES to communicate SENSE OF BELONGING. & BEING INTERESTING DAILY.   CORRECT?  Or?
  2. @cjennings6179 [1 likes]: Earthwide BEAUTY.  EARTH BEAUTY. EARTH STRENGTHS! Gratitude. Be READY for anything. Be ALERT!!!  Be moderately CALM. MODERATE. CALM FEELING IN SELF CONTROLLED. GOOD STRESS: Resilience power!!🔑🔑🔑 GOOD WISHES TO ALL"  live long! Live IN WELLNESS!
  3. @positiveandhealthy2728 [1 likes]: Sending everyone lots of love and positivity 💜

- 120. Polyvagal Theory and Somatic Experiencing: Kayce Soros, MT-BC (part 1): Kind: captions Language: en this is the music therapy chronicles podcast interview with casey soros i think if we look at our clients more from the perspective of the necessarily the trauma it doesn't even mean we don't even need to know what the experience is or was but the idea that their body is simply stuck in the survival response and it's therefore manifested into these different symptoms that we you know call bipolar or that we call schizophrenia or whatever you know somebody who experienced a really traumatic situation um might still be in their body and that's fight or flight free response playing it out over and over and over again and then we see that as aggressive behaviors or you know like depression coming out and you know like so many different labels and the root is at development [Music] you're listening to the music therapy chronicles a podcast about music therapy from a variety of perspectives our ambition is to inspire and connect listeners through meaningful conversations just like a music therapy conference you can listen to anywhere my name is trisha cayati and i am a board-certified music therapist from the new england region if you like what you hear join our group on facebook and share your own insights and thoughts about the episodes you can also connect with us on social media and online at music therapy chronicles welcome back to the music therapy chronicles podcast i hope you're having an awesome week and your september is off to a great start or i guess we're a few weeks into september now but at the time of the recording we're still working our way into september the seasons are changing school is starting obviously the world is still in the state that it is in so i hope that you are easing your way into september into fall um giving yourself the time and space you need ready to listen to an awesome conversation um today i talked with casey soros we dive into polyphageal theory somatic experiencing trauma-informed care implications of harm as therapists and it was a really great dialogue conversation uh and there's lots of resources that we mentioned in this conversation in the show notes so this is part one of my conversation with casey say stay tuned for part two next week where we're gonna get into neuroception versus perception which i learned a lot about uh wasn't that wasn't something i had really heard of before and i'm glad to now have that language so thank you so much for um tuning in to the podcast this week if you're not already subscribed to the show please subscribe so that you don't miss any episodes that's one of the best ways you can support the show um again because you won't miss any and if you feel so inclined please consider leaving us a rating and review those really help the podcast be more visible you can also find us online and on social media at music therapy chronicles on all the platforms i'm having some seo drama if you don't know what seo is that's fine but i could really use your help if you are ever looking for the music therapy chronicles online make sure you type in musictherapychronicles.com because i've been finding that if you search music therapy chronicles on google the only link it gives you is to the rss feed so if you've experienced this you know what i'm talking about you'll click on the link and you get like this whole page of random code um because for whatever reason the search engine google thinks that that's what people are looking for so if you're looking for the website and you're looking for um these posts the show notes you know the hub where all music therapy chronicles stuff is hosted please make sure you type in musictherapychronicles.com into your search engine so that um specifically google figures out that that's what people are looking for and not the code for um the rss feed for the show anyway uh but you should go there because you can check out the show notes for the show uh also if you listened to my conversation with kate you know that the music therapy chronicles self-care community is going to be launching soon we're looking at october to open the doors and welcome people into the self-care community i'm really excited for that more on that will be coming as well as a free 14-day self-care challenge at the beginning of october so stay tuned to hear more about that other ways you can find more music therapy chronos chronicles content is to join our group on facebook um to become a patron on patreon.com subscribe to the newsletter on the website uh that is musictherapychronicles.com please don't search it in google because it'll just continue to confuse the search engine um yeah the newsletter i send out newsletters about once a month just sharing what's on my mind and heart there's sneak peeks into the show there's discount codes on pod courses you'll be the first to know about when self-care community opens i will have a link in the show notes to get on that wait list specifically so you will be again one of the first people to know when that opens up and yeah overall complete transparency this is the first interview i have done in several months because we all know i took some time off in august and i batch record things so um all the interviews prior to that had been recorded a while back so feeling a little rusty in front of my microphone in all honesty but hopefully it doesn't present itself in this conversation with casey i hope you enjoy it and you learn a lot and i'll see you on the other end all right casey welcome to the music hi it's good to be here i'm excited to have you on today um because i think this is going to be a really in-depth and informative conversation and i'm excited for that yeah i was just thinking uh before hopping on that i've always talked about this stuff like presentations and really formal professional sets and this is the first time i'm getting to just like sit and chat with somebody i think about it like yeah i'm excited to just talk yeah yeah that's so true sometimes um being able to have that back and forth with like a professional lens but like a casual setting is right yeah yeah and presentation so i'm just like getting off slides and usually it's just you know it's the formality of it and i love having you know a dialogue conversation about these things so okay yeah well that's i mean that's how i envisioned today so if not i'm totally dying to just listen so to start us off will you just tell the listeners a little bit about yourself and it can be music therapy related or not uh sure so i live in indianapolis indiana i practice music therapy here i've been living and practicing for about seven years now i work with individuals with developmental disabilities through the medicaid waiver let's see before that i did my internship in new york and before that i completed my undergraduate slippery rock university in pennsylvania and that's where i'm from um yeah my primary was piano um outside of music therapy i'm currently on track to become a somatic practitioner which i'm really excited about yeah um so that's like my other love outside of music therapy somatic work um and that's yeah why i like talking this kind of stuff it all blends together outside of the professional setting personally i my cat mom of two if i'm not you know working i am reading or i love to be outside hiking in nature um my like endemic hobby that has spun out of control has turned into like uh identify wildflowers and fungi and things like that so when i'm able to be outside the woods um that's where i am so yeah that's a little bit about me i love that i i used to work at a nature camp so i'm right there [Laughter] that's awesome yeah i've thought about young to think about my retirement plan but you know like if i'm gonna retire and have a retirement job it needs to be you know something along the lines of being outside yeah cool okay so break down for us like what is somatic experience for someone who's listening and they're like that sounds cool but i have no idea what that means yeah somatic experiencing is it's like an alternative form of therapy i guess um there's one way to think about it uh it was developed by a man named peter they just used a lot of different um techniques that lots of different cultures um people have used for a long time and really what is it's addressing trauma from the lens of how the nervous system is holding it in the body um so you know in normal i guess what we consider therapy session we're talking about a traumatic event or an experience that we've gone through um that's you know fine i mean should do that we should talk about those things however a lot of times if you don't address what's happening in the body um first talking about a situation can actually cause us to relive that trauma because the body is almost like going back to that state it's from all of the details that you're kind of going back in your mind and thinking about and talking about um so in somatic experiencing what a somatic experiencing practitioner will do well it may even talk about the traumatic event first with client they might just have the client you know really start diving what the body's feeling and just noticing you know the different sensations that come up when maybe thinking about something that is triggering or slightly overwhelming and just learning to kind of sit with that and cope with that um also there's a lot of you know oriented things that helps your body feel safe and grounded and connected to and i think you know with somatic experiencing um it's a really great way to i guess go hand in hand with talk therapy um or therapy or any other kind of therapy because it gives us a chance to really feel what our body is feeling when we're starting to talk about and process those overwhelming um situations so that's a little bit of a breakdown of what thematic experiencing is i'm still i'm still in the training process of it all so i feel like i'm still constantly learning and um you know i'm definitely not an expert on it but that's much feel but uh i'm currently re-reading the body keeps the score yeah yeah i'm doing a book club with that too so very much into like this type of this type of thing right now absolutely yeah you want to speak to that yeah um it's fun i started i didn't start reading it well i started listening to it in audio form um i'm the worst when it comes to starting books not finishing them so i remember starting and really enjoying it and actually that was one of the first books that i started listening to slash reading when i was starting to go into this almost like experiencing trauma-informed therapy journey um so yeah it's just it's so fascinating to me how bodies remember so much um and i think if humans were we can be so rational and so logical i know i am and that was one of the reasons why you know i started going to this uh i guess experiencing field it's like you know why don't why does our bodies do what they do why why are they you know they're so smart they're so smart at keeping us safe um and helping us and so it's just yeah it's fascinating yeah i i love what you said that our bodies are smart about keeping us safe because the idea that's been floating around in my mind is he talks about in this book about helping his clients be safe in their bodies because their experience of trauma has indicated to their mind and body that it's not safe to be in your body so it's it's switching that that we you know there are these coping mechanisms there are these things that the body does and remembers but um finding a i keep using the word safe but finding a safe way to remind the self that being in our body is okay and that's safe and then we can work through things from there but you like you said you have to get into the body you have to like acknowledge what sensations are happening and what's going on because otherwise if you're just talking through things right you you could be triggering all these mechanisms that the body is doing to create safety by not dealing exactly yeah uh what does that do like you have to feel it to heal it nothing um you know as humans i think you know we have that rationalogical side of like you know i shouldn't you know i shouldn't feel unsafe because you know i i can perceive that yeah if we've been through something very overwhelming and traumatic um you know logically that doesn't matter our body you know um yeah yeah and there's one quote stephen poor just said the man who's created the polybagel theory and i think he says something like if you want to make the world a better place start by making people feel more safe or something like that um and i think that's that's very true you know helping other people feel safe is our way to start i think that's a great example of um like why music therapy like the therapist is what makes it music therapy and like for advocacy right yeah so yeah i as a music therapist could make a playlist with someone and then they could use that on their own but the the difference is that you know when we're in session together we're creating that space we're creating that safety and holding that container and that's what makes it music therapy yeah and not to keep quoting people um that's ceremony another quote i just finished by uh recording my presentation for the american physiotherapy uh since that all these like quotes are wrapping around in my brain but that reminds me of something peter levine has said who created somatic experiencing um something along the lines of like trauma isn't the it's not necessarily the experience but what we hold aside in the absence of an empathetic witness and that idea of an mess like weird therapist um you know we have almost this responsibility uh when we're with our clients to you know allow them to experience what they're experiencing um when it comes on or you know whatever whatever is going on for them medically and kind of being that safe container for them using music obviously yeah i feel like that's something i remind myself of because i have many sessions where i am working with students primarily who would be diagnosed with developmental trauma if that ever becomes a an official diagnosis like we're not necessarily in the music and you know we're kind of even one step removed from the music but what's going on is really important you know whether that's a conversation or they're processing something or even if they just need quiet time and i'm the person who's allowing their you know allowing them to have that space and then i come back to that that it's i'm just being the witness i'm just being present with them and showing up every week and being present with them is doing more work than me playing the guitar for 30 minutes straight will ever do and that's an important mindset shift like you know it's okay to not always be in the music if that's not what's right yeah i think oh gosh we're not in school i think of realizing that gosh i'm becoming more of a seasoned viewer i've been doing this for seven years now i can't say that i'm new but um the more i practice the more i actually become comfortable eating less music and realizing that music is it's almost sacred like i i think sometimes we overuse it and like you said the the more important thing is being there with the client and um you know it reminds me of you know the concept of like co-regulating making her your nervous system is in a regulated calm safe state that you the therapists are making sure you're checking in and finding your safety and connection within your body you almost get to become like that safety anchor um the individual europe because our nervous systems communicate and connect with each other um constantly you know even though we don't um and so making sure that there that were being mindful and present and like i said checking in with ourselves is really important and i think that's more important than any song or musical skill you're going to bring into the session because you know that's that's what our clients need is that connection i um at the beginning of that you said the over we overuse music or we can overuse music and i feel like that taken out of context could be such a controversial statement but it also like is such an important statement for anyone to hear that's and i'm saying this for myself you know when i'm in that silence or i'm in that discomfort of like where are we going next there's no music what's happening that reminder that like don't don't overuse the music trisha like it's okay to be yeah where we are right now very good and i mean music has pauses and silences in it you know i mean music isn't constant i think that's something that's not an original of mine one of my supervisors told me that once and i stole it um but it's so true you know how terrible honestly would be if you know there was a piece of music that never ended or i don't know if you really thought about it come on now so i mean we need silence we need violence is so golden it just it can be really really clean i think and we don't like sitting in it especially as music therapists we're we're bad we're bad at just sitting in silence so right yeah yeah i so i don't know i think i think an important skill to start a drop day um it's funny you know when you sit in silence when i think sometimes we use music too as a way to fill in that discomfort that we're feeling so maybe you know like has something to think about isn't this when that discomfort starts coming up when oh no there's silence you know why am i uncomfortable with this what's going on in my body why am i feeling nervous about this what you know just starting to get just curious curious about those maybe the sensations or the thoughts yeah i um similar you said a supervisor mentioned silence to you i had in college my um uh studio professor so i played the clarinet so my clarinet teacher and a lesson and he silence was the thing and he was like silence is what grabs the audience's attention right you could be playing playing playing playing and then when you stop that's what's really going to grab them and then the next thing you do is what they're going to be most attentive to and that like we're saying transfers perfectly to the clinical experience that yeah when you leave that space it it's um unexpected and it's unexpected in daily life like you said you know we're not we're not good at sitting in silence i um was talking to a colleague the other day about i was in a session and i was um you know very typical music therapy kind of like stopping at a cadential point to let the client fill the space and finally the you know adults so the paraprofessional will say in this example next to me goes are you stopping to try and get a response out of him and i was like well i got a response out of you so it's working right now yes that's exactly it are you uncomfortable yeah yeah yeah yeah that's interesting it didn't seem that the other person was mean yeah the session couldn't handle that that silence there so yeah exactly where do you want to take this from here this is obviously a really broad topic so what's oh gosh right now um i don't know because this honestly wasn't i had no expectations where this conversation was going so where do you want to be trisha so i polyvagal theory i read some of your stuff um i like think i'm getting a grasp of it like tell me tell me help me understand the similarities and differences between polyvagal theory and somatic experiencing like where's the overlap where's the device so i think um polygonal theory is kind of at the root of what somatic experiencing is i guess but science i guess behind somatic experiencing so politically itself was created by a man named stephen ford who is grounded in neuro-behavioral science i think i know he's he's a very smart man um but uh yeah it's it's become something that more um are kind of adopting as a way to view a practice therapy and then somatic experiencing has taken i think the science and the concept of polyvac theory and turned into more somatic approachable therapy like from a body perfective um so that's to answer that question yes polybagel theory is like the nuts and bolts of what thematic experiencing is i mean really what polyvagal theory is it's the way like full definition of it it's how our autonomic nervous system basically is organized so that we as humans and mammals in general uh it's how we connect to one another and again feel safe but also how we respond to danger and life threats so fascinating to me about the polyvagal theory and it ties back to you know the idea that our bodies are really inherently smart and safe or smart and safe are safe really smart at keeping us safe um is that you know not like sorry it's my trip thought basically our bodies um you know we do things automatically um through the autonomic nervous system things that we don't necessarily have control over and that's that's the part about it that kind of fascinates me you know is that when we perceive danger our bodies automatically going to you know this fight or flight freeze response pattern um and you know that can affect our emotional health our physical health our mental health um and a lot of times i think when we have these symptoms we look to fix them you know immediately through you know either medication or you know whatever to just like mask the symptoms but really i think a lot of where healing can come from when it comes to trauma is looking at the root cause of why the symptoms are those you know why our body is doing what it's doing at the root of whatever autonomic state you're in if that accents that was a lot of work but um yeah so so this is um through the somatic experiencing we're able to understand and acknowledge what's happening in the autonomic nervous system yeah and therefore we can pause or counteract or heal any responses polyvagal responses that are um keeping us from from healing i guess yes that was that was very awkward very good small summary yes we gave you all the information right yeah that's pretty much what it is yeah yeah okay so cool awesome so hmm so why do you think it's so important for us as music therapists to be informed be trauma-informed know about these practices um in these clinical applications so i'm gonna speak just from my experiences and i think this is what i think hey everybody should be on some form of journey as therapists to be more trauma informed um i think if we're not actively trying to learn more about what it means to be trauma informed then really what it boils down to is that you could potentially be causing more harm in a session and so as therapists we have we have so much power that we don't even realize um i think most of us just have this idea of you know we want to change the world we want to be these healers and that's great and amazing and i think a lot of us do great work with our clients um but that amount of healing that we strive to you know do and give to our clients i think we have that equal amount of weight that could carry over into trauma if we don't know our clients backgrounds what our clients triggers are and so that's why we need to learn more about me to be trauma informed that's i think it's really important and speaking more from my perspective like i've i've with individuals with developmental disabilities and that's the population i've always worked with um and i think you know there's there's deep-rooted inherent trauma there uh because you know those individuals carry a marginalized identity simply by living in a way that society has deemed normal no and um i think you know if you're a music there are two individuals with intersectional identities um to any you know any identity it doesn't have to be individuals with developmental disabilities but um you know learning about your clients history and their identities and backgrounds and their cultures and just all of these different things could carry her into various types of trauma i think that's the other reason why it's really important for us as therapists to become informed as well yeah because really i think everybody's experienced trauma i don't think that that's not something that you know we're immune to uh just because life is hard um some people just might have more for a number of different reasons so yeah i mean look at the past year exactly exactly yeah i mean we've all experienced trauma um especially with the pandemic so i think that's one of the reasons why trauma it's become such a hot buzzword to you know the therapy community and so i think the meaning of what it what it means to be trauma informed can get lost because it's so common now you know to talk about it um i did my internship at a state hospital uh and my supervisor from day one was very adamant about many of the people we work with you know you're going to see them and interact with them and they're going to present as a person with schizophrenia or a person with bipolar disorder or any number of mental health labels and she was very clear that the vast majority of these conditions for lack of a better phrase are a result of trauma and when i'm looking at the people that i'm working with every day i can't just see them as a person with schizophrenia and try to work with that i need to see that there is an entire history that led to this present moment and to be aware of that so just like you said i'm not causing harm and i'm not perpetuating this cycle that they've been in because majority of the people professionals they've been working with did not come from a trauma-informed background or perspective and you know that research wasn't even there when most of their doctors and clinicians were studying right yeah yeah so interesting you said your supervisor uh would they present at somebody with bipolar or it's so fascinating to me i these are also fighting words uh i think the dsm can be whack like i just i really hate sometimes putting labels on um you know like certain diagnoses and things like that the necessarily the trauma it doesn't even me we don't even need to know what the experience is in their body and that's certain fight or flight freeze response playing it out over and over and over again and then you know we see that as aggressive or you know like depression hang out and the root is that autonomic networking my favorite because it's my least favorite is oppositional defiance disorder yeah yeah i hope everyone who's listening to this had a gut reaction to yeah i was talking with a um a colleague again and and we were talking about this and i was like i i just like language i i don't know i know oppositional defiance orders like no you know behaviors that word can be taken so many ways and and she said she reframes it with the language of protection they're being self-protective yeah so you know it's it's not oppositional defiance it's them being self-protective right and then it takes right it takes the focus off of me as the therapist as they're defying me it puts it back on them and it shows this as a positive coping mechanism that's just coming up in a way that is challenging yeah yeah i've had conversations with coins about this you know that um you know our like already our buddies are so smart and so good it's safe and they'll see this behavior as something that's sad but really it's just it's just the body's natural way of trying to live you know and it might come out you know in different ways that like you said it's labeled as oppositional defiance disorder or adhd you know whatever it could be yeah yeah yeah so like in a lot of clients i'm just thinking of currently there's been a lot of shame around the different behaviors they've had in the past that they currently have i don't want to be like this want to have these first or i don't want to have these things it's like i know you don't you know we're going to work on different ways maybe not do that but at the same time your body is doing what it needs to do in order to feel safe right now so kind of like trying to shift that away from shame and more like i don't know if it's gratitude or whatever but um i think that's another step in healing traumas to stop judging our bodies so much whenever it is trying to keep us safe yeah because we do that how powerful to like okay so i'll put myself i'm in i'm in a kid's body i'm having these outbursts like and when i finally come down from it like i am so ashamed of what i'm doing i can't believe i did that i'm upset with myself i am angry with that part of myself i don't understand it and because i have all of this tension against that that part of me you know i don't look at it and i don't address it and so for an adult to say to me hey this is like you trying to protect yourself then i can look at that with a loving lens and saying i don't like outburst tricia i don't like her but i see her as protecting me and so how can work with her how can i see when she comes into my life so something something in my day has really upset me and like outburst trisha is coming but casey said outburst trisha is just trying to protect me and i know that i'm safe because i've done my somatic experiencing and like okay outburst tricia i see you but now is not the time like how powerful to have an adult who can like acknowledge that part of you tell you that it's okay for lack of a paraphrase that it's not evil or bad or like it's just part of you and to work through that yeah yeah 100 you know and i i feel like i've a couple different places uh music has been i've seen i've seen both sides of it i've seen clients have outbursts or have their moments and then immediately you know it goes into that bit more of a reward and punishment style kind of thing or i'm like oh that's not you know we're not we're not really addressing the root problem here um but and yeah on the other end of the spectrum you know when you address it from a really kind empathetic lens where it's like you know what it's okay like that that was just my body's way of protecting me um there's real healing power that comes from shifting your lens from shame to it doesn't even have to be self-love non-judgment you know it's non-judgment itself it's that your body's doing what it needs to do to protect itself yeah and i think especially with kids that be really powerful they're still learning about their own bodies i want to tie that back to harm um obviously i have conversations with people a lot because i keep saying i was talking with a colleague but i was and she was saying she's working with a kid who's new new person new student who had previously worked with a music therapist and in session he had a frustrating moment and when he came down from it he said you're gonna send me home now. and she was like well what do you mean and it came out that that's what the previous music therapist would do he would be frustrated he would get upset and then he would be sent away and so how important that this new therapist is trauma informed recognizes that moment for what it is and you know then we get into rupture and repair right so she's she's repairing the relationship saying no i see that part of you and i'm not going to send you away right because i don't see it yeah propositional defiance i don't see it as xyz i just see it as hey like you needed to process that the way you did and now we can take two more steps forward today yeah and then that's the important part going back from like to a political perspective you know as a therapist we're when we have a client who maybe is stuck in a firefight or freeze response you know our goal is to try to create cues of safety within the therapeutic setting and resolving those cues of danger that they might be experiencing and so trying to bring that client back to a state of everything you know even though maybe okay sure not everything is okay but in this moment everything is okay um oh and you're co-regulating and you're offering that that safety connecting with that person and that's what's going to really um start helping the autonomic system find safety again the more we can offer that to our clients so so yeah that's that's amazing but she she did that to him how awesome that we get to be we get to do this job right you know we get to witness to like those very dark moments that people experience and you know we take a deep breath with them and then we move forward i hope you enjoyed that part one of that conversation with casey again next week will be part two where we're gonna talk more about neuroception as well and get as get into some self-care stuff and of course the rapid fire um i love the rapid fire questions i hope you do too stay tuned for that next week as always thank you thank you thank you for taking the time to listen to the show so appreciate your support if you are looking to get cmtes for listening to podcasts you can check out the pod courses available from mtpc that's the music therapy podcast collective and you can find all the pod courses housed there that's at mtpodcastcollective.com i think there are currently seven pod courses up more are in the works and it's a great way to support the shows you love and also get some cmtes for listening to to podcast episodes don't forget to subscribe to this show if you haven't already find us on social media at music therapy chronicles get on the wait list and the newsletter for the self-care community i hope that you're feeling excited about that if you have no idea what i'm talking about go back a couple episodes to my conversation with kate on self-care and community uh and stay tuned for the self-care challenge coming up um there will be a lot more information during that time too that'll be in the beginning of october if you or someone you know is interested in being on the show let me know by sending an email to hello this week's quote comes from adrian marie brown i touch my own skin and it tells me that before there was any harm there was miracle you

- Restoring your Internal Sense of Safety after Trauma w/ CPTSD Expert Dr. Arielle Schwartz: Kind: captions Language: en Today, we are going to be talking about how&nbsp; to restore your sense of safety when you've&nbsp;&nbsp; experienced trauma or chronic stress. And I am&nbsp; just so excited to have such an amazing guest&nbsp;&nbsp; today. It's Dr. Arielle Schwartz. She has like&nbsp; written a book. She's written eight of the&nbsp;&nbsp; books on this topic and she has so much depth of&nbsp; knowledge as far as somatic approaches to healing&nbsp;&nbsp; trauma, polyagal approaches, EMDR, also teaches&nbsp; trauma-informed yoga. She's also written a book,&nbsp;&nbsp; the poly vagal theory workbook for trauma, and&nbsp; I've gone through it. It's great stuff. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; today we're going to be talking about&nbsp; how trauma shows up in the body,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to restore your sense of safety. We&nbsp; do two exercises together where I get to&nbsp;&nbsp; uh release a little bit of trauma from my body&nbsp; and u we talk about is healing from CPTTSD really&nbsp;&nbsp; possible like actually and I think you'll be&nbsp; really happy to hear the answer. So let's jump in. Well, thank you so much for being here today.&nbsp; really appreciate you taking the time out of your&nbsp;&nbsp; schedule to join us. Yeah, as I mentioned, I've&nbsp; really been looking forward to this. I I admire&nbsp;&nbsp; you. I admire the information you put out there.&nbsp; Um I recommend it to lots of folks to listen to&nbsp;&nbsp; you and so it's exciting to be part of your work.&nbsp; Oh, thank you so much. That is like the highest&nbsp;&nbsp; praise. So, I really appreciate that. Oh, okay.&nbsp; So, today we're going to be talking about how to&nbsp;&nbsp; restore a sense of safety after trauma. And I was&nbsp; wondering if maybe we should start. Would you be&nbsp;&nbsp; willing to do a quick overview of polybagel theory&nbsp; and how that works um for the audience? She's uh&nbsp;&nbsp; written her eighth book which is the poly bagel&nbsp; theory workbook and I've just been working through&nbsp;&nbsp; it and I'm like this is good stuff. So I'd love&nbsp; to hear your perspective. Yeah, I'm happy to. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to give you poly bagel theory in a nutshell.&nbsp; How's that? Perfect. I love it. All right.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there are some key elements that um I think&nbsp; really help us understand what is polyagal theory.&nbsp;&nbsp; Probably the first thing that I'll name is that if&nbsp; we think about the the name polyvagel poly refers&nbsp;&nbsp; to multiple veagal is referring to the vagus&nbsp; nerve. Vegas nerve is our 10th cranial nerve. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; a mindbody superighway of connection. And this&nbsp; idea that we have multiple circuits of the vagus&nbsp;&nbsp; nerve basically means that we have um kind of from&nbsp; an evolutionary standpoint, one of those circuits&nbsp;&nbsp; is very much about social connection and sensing&nbsp; safety. We also have a circuit of the vagus nerve&nbsp;&nbsp; that is very much connected to the lower body,&nbsp; our digestive organs, our reproductive organs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's often associated with the parasympathetic&nbsp; nervous system or our capacity to go into a rest&nbsp;&nbsp; and digest state. So why do we have multiple&nbsp; circuits of the vagus nerve? It's maybe the&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of short answer to that is that if we&nbsp; think about going into stillness as mammals,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll kind of broaden this out beyond humans,&nbsp; in order to rest in stillness, we need to know&nbsp;&nbsp; that it's safe enough, that there's not a predator&nbsp; out there, that there is not some danger lurking.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so we utilize this upper veagal circuit and&nbsp; where that travels into this the um kind of fibers&nbsp;&nbsp; of the vagus nerve go into our sense organs,&nbsp; our eyes, our ears, as well as our ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; call out or or express through our voice. And so&nbsp; we're going to track our environment. Is are there&nbsp;&nbsp; cues of safety or are there cues of threat or is&nbsp; there something super dangerous out there? We're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to listen with our ears for cues of safety,&nbsp; cues of threat, cues of danger. And depending on&nbsp;&nbsp; whether we're receiving those cues of safety or&nbsp; threat, basically our vag nerve helps our nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system and our body respond to that without us&nbsp; even having to think about it. Mhm. So what would&nbsp;&nbsp; be a cue of safety, right, that allows us to rest,&nbsp; that allows us to go into stillness? A cue of&nbsp;&nbsp; safety might come from the loving gaze of another&nbsp; person where we really receive that kind smile,&nbsp;&nbsp; the body language, the facial expressions. Another&nbsp; cue of safety that we might receive is um the&nbsp;&nbsp; voice tone that comes in through our ears that are&nbsp; basically letting you know through soothing tones,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm right here. I've got you. Mhm. And if we think&nbsp; about an infant that is totally dependent upon our&nbsp;&nbsp; caregivers, an infant is going to rely on those&nbsp; cues that lets the infant know it's safe to rest&nbsp;&nbsp; in the arms of my caretaker because essentially&nbsp; they're going to protect me. They're going to know&nbsp;&nbsp; whether there's dangers out there. They're going&nbsp; to give me the cues that let me know it's safe&nbsp;&nbsp; enough and therefore I can rest. into stillness in&nbsp; closeness to that person that's going to protect&nbsp;&nbsp; me. Yeah. One other phrase I'll add here and then&nbsp; I'll pause. But one other phrase that I'll say is&nbsp;&nbsp; that we think of this upper circuit of the vagus&nbsp; nerve as prioritizing connection as a biological&nbsp;&nbsp; imperative. Okay. I need connection to you in&nbsp; order for my psychobiology, my body, my mind,&nbsp;&nbsp; my my capacity to digest my food, my capacity to&nbsp; um to navigate this world. I need that connection,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially as as infants, we need those&nbsp; connections in order to survive. A biological&nbsp;&nbsp; imperative. So, if we're feeling um rejected or&nbsp; isolated or alone or we don't feel like anyone's&nbsp;&nbsp; around us to support us, that feels like as real&nbsp; of a threat as if some other physical threat was&nbsp;&nbsp; coming after us. Especially if that was true&nbsp; for us when we were young, right? One thing&nbsp;&nbsp; about my kind of career focus is on complex PTSD,&nbsp; especially as related to developmental trauma.&nbsp;&nbsp; And what that means is that it's the accumulation&nbsp; of the experiences of lack of safety,&nbsp;&nbsp; of the dangerous experiences, of the rejections,&nbsp; of the not belonging, of of the betrayals that may&nbsp;&nbsp; have gone on for many many years. And when that&nbsp; begins in early childhood or even in infancy,&nbsp;&nbsp; we basically have an impairment now in that&nbsp; early wiring. U because that that upper veagal&nbsp;&nbsp; pathway is experience dependent. That basically&nbsp; means that I need those experiences of safety,&nbsp;&nbsp; those cues in order to develop that within myself.&nbsp; So that now I can basically cultivate a sense of&nbsp;&nbsp; connection and safety on the inside independent of&nbsp; whether someone else is there. But that's because&nbsp;&nbsp; I had enough of those early relational kind&nbsp; of root systems that really support the tree&nbsp;&nbsp; to grow. Interesting. Yeah. And it makes so much&nbsp; sense. and and um I have four daughters and every&nbsp;&nbsp; one of them as a baby they're looking for your&nbsp; eyes. Well, I mean after they're about 3 weeks&nbsp;&nbsp; old when they can focus their eyes, but they're&nbsp; constantly scanning and looking for that eye&nbsp;&nbsp; contact. They're looking to see is there someone&nbsp; here, you know, and and we're primed for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? We're wired to seek that safety. So when&nbsp; when especially children don't get that, you're&nbsp;&nbsp; saying that can impair the the ability to feel&nbsp; that felt sense of safety throughout their lives.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. So another key component of the polyagal&nbsp; theory is this idea that we go through a tiered&nbsp;&nbsp; response to threat. Oh yeah. Meaning that we have&nbsp; kind of three levels that we go through in order&nbsp;&nbsp; to help us navigate a potential threat out there.&nbsp; Yeah. The first of those is that if you know there&nbsp;&nbsp; I experience something that's a cue of danger,&nbsp; I'm going to seek connection. I'm going to use&nbsp;&nbsp; this upper pathway. Steve Borges who developed the&nbsp; polyfagal theory, he refers to this as the social&nbsp;&nbsp; engagement system. Yeah. The social engagement&nbsp; system is basically can I make connection with you&nbsp;&nbsp; through eye contact or calling out for help that's&nbsp; going to help resolve that potential threat. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; If I cannot establish that sense of safety and&nbsp; connection through the social engagement system,&nbsp;&nbsp; the next layer of my threat response in this&nbsp; tiered response to threat is to go into the&nbsp;&nbsp; fight-flight system which is our sympathetic&nbsp; nervous system. you know, you speak so much&nbsp;&nbsp; about this and you know, and basically like how we&nbsp; mobilize our bodies to get away from the threat or&nbsp;&nbsp; protect ourselves from it. That's that's so good&nbsp; that you highlight that because it's something I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; completely aware of and I forget to mention moving&nbsp; through those states, right? So if we talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; like a like I consider it a default state of of&nbsp; safety and then if something if something happens&nbsp;&nbsp; like oh I trying to think of a good example and I&nbsp; can't but the first thing people do when something&nbsp;&nbsp; is like startling is they scan and they look for&nbsp; someone right they look to connect with someone&nbsp;&nbsp; oh am I okay they look their eyes get big and&nbsp; they're looking for someone to connect with&nbsp;&nbsp; to create a sense uh to see if they're okay or&nbsp; they're safe that's right or they'll call out ah&nbsp;&nbsp; Right. And that's communication. That's like&nbsp; communicating and and are you okay? Oh yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. I'm okay. Right. It's beautiful. It's so&nbsp; it's built in kind of biologically wired in. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that's what's so important about the poly&nbsp; bagel theory is kind of recognizing that like that&nbsp;&nbsp; that desire within us to reestablish connection&nbsp; or you know kind of tend and befriend through&nbsp;&nbsp; through relational sources of safety. Mhm. That&nbsp; is something that we're wired for. Um, and that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I think sometimes we can feel a sense&nbsp; of shame, like why can't I handle it on my own&nbsp;&nbsp; or what's wrong with me that I, you know, that I&nbsp; keep kind of reaching for other people when I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; suffering, but actually that's what we're supposed&nbsp; to do. Yeah. Yeah. You know, set up for that. And&nbsp;&nbsp; there's so much cultural messaging that's like&nbsp; self-help when it's like like such individualized&nbsp;&nbsp; languaging like our entire culture is full of&nbsp; individualized language and it's like well other&nbsp;&nbsp; help like connection help might be more like&nbsp; valid and actually fulfilling and restore that&nbsp;&nbsp; felt sense of safety more than just trying to be&nbsp; alone and feel like safe, right? Yeah. Yes. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Interesting. I love how you highlight that. That's&nbsp; so good. Okay. All right. So if we go back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; the tiered response to threat and there's three&nbsp; layers to this. So the first is social connection.&nbsp;&nbsp; The second is fight flight. But let's say we can't&nbsp; run away from that source of danger. Let's say we&nbsp;&nbsp; can't fight back. We can't protect ourselves. The&nbsp; next layer that can come in is the basically a a&nbsp;&nbsp; urge to withdraw, to hide, to get smaller,&nbsp; to feel fatigued, to feel disoriented or what&nbsp;&nbsp; we can sometimes even see as a figned death or a&nbsp; faint response, a deep collapse within the nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system that once again is driven by the vagus&nbsp; nerve. So the sympathetic nervous system is not&nbsp;&nbsp; a veagal Um it's not it's not driven by the veagal&nbsp; system, right? But the social engagement system is&nbsp;&nbsp; the upper veagal pathway and this what we call&nbsp; dorsal veagal figned death response or faint&nbsp;&nbsp; response is driven by the lower veagal system&nbsp; that goes into our organs but also has a kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of safety mechanism built into it. and the urge&nbsp; to get very still, to get small, to immobilize&nbsp;&nbsp; in in the context of a threat. It's if we look&nbsp; at the animal world, right, we can see the ways&nbsp;&nbsp; in which going into stillness and getting smaller&nbsp; or hiding would help an animal survive. Yeah. the&nbsp;&nbsp; respiration rate gets very slow, the heart rate&nbsp; slows down in order to be less noticeable by&nbsp;&nbsp; a potential predator out there. And in the cases&nbsp; of what we would call a full vaso veagal syncopy,&nbsp;&nbsp; right, is a faint response. That vasovagal syncopy&nbsp; is basically taking us into a fullon collapsed&nbsp;&nbsp; state in the way you can think of a possum. Yeah,&nbsp; that also often accompanies nausea, dis dizziness,&nbsp;&nbsp; disorientation, sometimes loss of bowel control.&nbsp; But if we go back to the animal world for a&nbsp;&nbsp; moment, those experiences like if we go back to&nbsp; the possum, if the possum goes into a faint death&nbsp;&nbsp; response, it often emits a foul smell. And um if&nbsp; a predator approaches it and senses that says,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Ooh, like maybe you've been poisoned and if I eat&nbsp; you, I'll get poisoned, too." So we as humans have&nbsp;&nbsp; way of ways of deterring the predator out there.&nbsp; Yeah. feigning death, becoming less interesting,&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming smaller, hiding away, feeling like&nbsp; I, you know, um I just want to stay in bed.&nbsp;&nbsp; I I have lots of conversations with a colleague&nbsp; of mine, Deb Dana, who also teaches a lot about&nbsp;&nbsp; applied polyagal theory and in psychotherapy. And&nbsp; she, you know, she and I have different ways of&nbsp;&nbsp; describing this. You know, I kind of call it like&nbsp; I want to go into my cocoon. And she calls it her&nbsp;&nbsp; duvet day. It's like the day you just want to pull&nbsp; the duvet up and be like, "I'm not getting out of&nbsp;&nbsp; bed today." Right. Yeah. Yeah. You just want to&nbsp; curl up, cover up, hide, not move. Yeah. I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; that. I feel that. Uh this is maybe a tangent, but&nbsp; where where would you put the like fawn response&nbsp;&nbsp; or the peopleleasing response in the within the&nbsp; polyagal? I've heard various takes on this. I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; like to hear yours. Yeah. Yeah. So generally the&nbsp; way that we think about the fawn response is we&nbsp;&nbsp; call it a hybrid nervous system state and that&nbsp; it's engaging that social engagement system but&nbsp;&nbsp; there's also a sympathetic vigilance. So now when&nbsp; we look at kind of both of those co-activations&nbsp;&nbsp; of sympathetic I know that there's a threat&nbsp; out there. I'm trying to navigate. I'm trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to mobilize to take care of that threat. But how I&nbsp; mobilize, how I move in response to that threat is&nbsp;&nbsp; through taking care of you. If I take care of you,&nbsp; maybe you won't hurt me. If I take care of you,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe I can take care of you enough that you'll&nbsp; take care of me. Mhm. And so we recruit in a&nbsp;&nbsp; sense that social engagement capacity to sense&nbsp; what somebody else is feeling, sense what they&nbsp;&nbsp; might be needing, and then we go into some kind&nbsp; of peopleleasing or appeasement behavior in order&nbsp;&nbsp; to promote our own safety. Mhm. So within polyal,&nbsp; would that be a sympathetic state usually or mixed&nbsp;&nbsp; state? You would you would consider it a mixed&nbsp; state. That's what you were saying. That's right.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a mixed state. So we can think of pulling in&nbsp; the the recruiting the vagus nerve of that social&nbsp;&nbsp; engagement system. Okay, and co-activating&nbsp; the sympathetic mobilization. Okay. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes sense to me. That makes sense to&nbsp; me. I've I've heard some people place it within&nbsp;&nbsp; like the shutdown response or the dorsal veagal&nbsp; response and it has never quite sat right with me&nbsp;&nbsp; because it is so activated. It's such an activated&nbsp; state. Yeah, there's a there's a closely related&nbsp;&nbsp; state to the fawn response that I think doesn't&nbsp; get discussed as much. Um, and this one we'll call&nbsp;&nbsp; the submission response or there. Yeah. And what&nbsp; happens here, and again, we'll describe this as a&nbsp;&nbsp; hybrid or co-activation of nervous system states.&nbsp; But what happens here is I'm still recruiting&nbsp;&nbsp; my my social engagement system in order to keep&nbsp; that biological imperative of connection up and&nbsp;&nbsp; running. But the person who is who I'm trying to&nbsp; connect to, my attachment person or my partner,&nbsp;&nbsp; is also a source of harm. Yeah. And so now in&nbsp; order to keep that that biological con, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; imperative of connection, in order to uphold my&nbsp; need for relationship with you, I actually have&nbsp;&nbsp; to submit to the harm that's occurring. I go into&nbsp; an immobilization, which would be that that more&nbsp;&nbsp; collapsed state. And sometimes what happens with&nbsp; this submit state is that I have to dissociate.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have to dissociate from what my body knows&nbsp; about that harm in order to stay in relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; with that same person. Yeah. So it might be&nbsp; like like a a teenager who's whose parent is&nbsp;&nbsp; really controlling or just setting really strong&nbsp; boundaries that they really don't like and they&nbsp;&nbsp; say, "Fine, I don't care." And he's like, "I don't&nbsp; care. That's a form of dissociation. I'm not going&nbsp;&nbsp; to feel this anymore or fine, I'll just go along&nbsp; with it. And that could that could be on various&nbsp;&nbsp; levels of of severity, right? We could take that&nbsp; to a much more severe um state, but it's like I I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't care or I'm just not going to care or I'm&nbsp; going to stay in this relationship and I'll be&nbsp;&nbsp; numb and I'll just give in, you know, like that&nbsp; and I'll do whatever you tell me to do. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; makes sense. Yeah. I'll just go along with it.&nbsp; I'll comply. I'll be submissive. Try and like&nbsp;&nbsp; not make things hurt worse. And Yeah. And you'll&nbsp; see this in marriages where um people go through&nbsp;&nbsp; these stages where they're like, "Hey, we're in&nbsp; love. We're great. We're awesome." And then they&nbsp;&nbsp; go through like, "Oh, we're fighting a lot." And&nbsp; then when they go to the last state, it's like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "We're detached. We don't really care about each&nbsp; other. We don't really talk about the issues&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore. We just kind of like and then they're&nbsp; like just living as roommates, right?" I really&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate polyagal theory and um I think it's so&nbsp; applicable. Before we talk about how to restore a&nbsp;&nbsp; sense of safety, how would you describe trauma?&nbsp; Can you give us that in a nutshell? Yeah, there&nbsp;&nbsp; you go. What is trauma? Anything that overwhelms&nbsp; our capacity to integrate an experience,&nbsp;&nbsp; our ordinary human capacity to make sense of&nbsp; kind and of integrated into my overall sense of&nbsp;&nbsp; identity and who I am as a as a person. Um to make&nbsp; that experience that I had useful in some way.&nbsp;&nbsp; uh to process it, if we want to use that word,&nbsp; to kind of process through what happened. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I I like the definitions of trauma that are out&nbsp; there that emphasize more what has happened on the&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of an individual versus what was the event&nbsp; itself. Because I think if we identify trauma as&nbsp;&nbsp; an external event, it feels like it just happened&nbsp; to me and and there's nothing I can do about it.&nbsp;&nbsp; When we locate trauma as the internal event, the&nbsp; emotions, the sematic experience that I that I had&nbsp;&nbsp; in relationship to something, then I can actually&nbsp; do something with that interior landscape of who&nbsp;&nbsp; I am. I love that. I love that. And I one of the&nbsp; things I'm I'm noticing a lot on social media is&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a lot of conversations about, hey, the&nbsp; reason you feel insecure is because your parents&nbsp;&nbsp; did such and such and such when you were a child.&nbsp; And I don't want to invalidate that. I don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to say like that that's not the case. Um and of&nbsp; course there's a broad spectrum of parenting out&nbsp;&nbsp; there, but um what's what happens is some of the&nbsp; most comforting messages out there on social media&nbsp;&nbsp; are basically saying trauma um was not your fault.&nbsp; It's caused by your parents. It's in the past and&nbsp;&nbsp; now you're broken and because of it. And it's like&nbsp; no, no, no, no, no. Trauma is a response, a learn,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a response to an event that happened. And&nbsp; it's a response that's continuing to go on in your&nbsp;&nbsp; nervous system because you haven't integrated it.&nbsp; And because it's continuing in the present moment,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's I'm not saying it's your fault, but there&nbsp; is an opportunity here in this moment to practice&nbsp;&nbsp; responding differently to those experiences. Not&nbsp; to invalidate someone's experience, but we got to&nbsp;&nbsp; remind people that we do have capacity within&nbsp; our nervous system to create change. Yeah. And&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a few pieces to name about this. One is&nbsp; that like if you put several people in the same&nbsp;&nbsp; situation. Oh yeah. Not right. You know, like&nbsp; let's say a car accident, not everyone in that&nbsp;&nbsp; car might would would feel traumatized by what&nbsp; happened. It depends on were we able to respond?&nbsp;&nbsp; Did we feel effective? Right? One of the classic&nbsp; studies done by a colleague of mine, Ruth Lannius,&nbsp;&nbsp; speaks about a car accident in which uh one&nbsp; person in the car went into more of a collapsed&nbsp;&nbsp; immobilization, right? Like like basically kind&nbsp; of froze and the partner mobilized, pulled her out&nbsp;&nbsp; of the car before it caught on fire, saved their&nbsp; lives, right? And so the the even though it was&nbsp;&nbsp; objectively a traumatic event that they both went&nbsp; through, She suffered from more post-traumatic&nbsp;&nbsp; stress because her her body basically went into a&nbsp; place where she struggled to respond. But because&nbsp;&nbsp; he took action in that moment, he didn't have the&nbsp; same symptoms afterwards of post-traumatic stress.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I've seen that in my work so often that that&nbsp; that that if we were able to kind of complete&nbsp;&nbsp; an action then our our bodies feel in some sense&nbsp; like the the process had an arc and I'm okay I did&nbsp;&nbsp; something. And Peter Lavine who developed sematic&nbsp; experiencing he often says that what is housed in&nbsp;&nbsp; the interior experience of post-traumatic stress&nbsp; is the incomplete actions or the thwarted actions&nbsp;&nbsp; that didn't get to happen. I didn't get to&nbsp; climb my way out or call for help or reach&nbsp;&nbsp; for connection or say no. Yeah. And then that&nbsp; gets kind of stuck and your body gets trapped in&nbsp;&nbsp; that in that state because it hasn't moved through&nbsp; it. Yeah, that's right. And that ties us back to&nbsp;&nbsp; the nervous system because when we look through&nbsp; the lens of the nervous system, when we have an&nbsp;&nbsp; incomplete action, we're basically cycling back&nbsp; around either the experience of an urge to flee&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're always looking for the exit plan. We're&nbsp; restless. We're irritable. we we don't feel it&nbsp;&nbsp; comfortable resting in stillness in ourselves.&nbsp; Maybe conversely, we're constantly stuck in a&nbsp;&nbsp; fight response. We're always kind of looking for&nbsp; the next battle. Um and again, it becomes hard to&nbsp;&nbsp; rest. There's a lot of muscular tension. We feel&nbsp; vigilant. Um or sometimes where we get stuck is&nbsp;&nbsp; in that place of no matter what I do, it's not&nbsp; going to make a difference. So, what's the point&nbsp;&nbsp; of trying? And that state of collapse is what is&nbsp; known internally by the individual and therefore&nbsp;&nbsp; we just keep returning to what is known. Yeah.&nbsp; When our stress levels increase or whatever,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're quick to revert back to that. Yeah. Yeah.&nbsp; I often getting stuck in this trauma response.&nbsp;&nbsp; I often use the analogy of it's like watching the&nbsp; Lion King and right after Mufasa dies, turning it&nbsp;&nbsp; off because that's so stressful. Now, every time&nbsp; you think of The Lion King, the only thing you&nbsp;&nbsp; can think of is that that stress response. And if&nbsp; Simba like never if the if the movie stopped right&nbsp;&nbsp; there, Simba's stuck in in shame and helplessness&nbsp; and guilt for the rest of his life. if we just&nbsp;&nbsp; stop the movie there. And if we keep playing&nbsp; through that movie, we come to this place where&nbsp;&nbsp; he works through his shame and he understands&nbsp; he wasn't actually at fault and he goes back to&nbsp;&nbsp; Pride Rock and he takes action to like save Pride&nbsp; Rock, right? He's he's mobilizing and he's working&nbsp;&nbsp; through this process instead of getting stuck like&nbsp; turning off the movie right when that stopped. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then he has this lovely experience with his dad uh&nbsp; his spirit dad and and it's all resolved and and&nbsp;&nbsp; I think I mean if only resolving trauma were as&nbsp; easy as watching a movie but that is the process&nbsp;&nbsp; right like working stuck it's such a perfect movie&nbsp; example and and thank you for bringing that in and&nbsp;&nbsp; I have another kind of example along a similar&nbsp; lines that I use when I'm teaching about the&nbsp;&nbsp; you know kind of processing through the incomplete&nbsp; experience of trauma. Our minds are always looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for how does the story end? It's just how we&nbsp; think, right? And I remember one time I was&nbsp;&nbsp; going to teach a training for therapists and um&nbsp; and I was traveling from Colorado where I live&nbsp;&nbsp; to Ohio and I had started the movie a little bit&nbsp; too late into the into the airplane flight and so&nbsp;&nbsp; by the time we landed we had I had 20 minutes of&nbsp; the movie yet unwatched. Right. Yeah. There you&nbsp;&nbsp; go. And it was a great movie, but my mind for like&nbsp; the rest of the evening was like, well, how did it&nbsp;&nbsp; end? Did it end this way? Did it end that way? Do&nbsp; I want to Google it? Because then I my mind can&nbsp;&nbsp; finally rest. Do I want to wait till I get on the&nbsp; return flight to watch the ending of Right. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that's how that's what happens with trauma is&nbsp; that when we have the incomplete experience. There&nbsp;&nbsp; is some way in which our brains are basically&nbsp; wired to live on repeat inside of but wait how is&nbsp;&nbsp; it going to end? What's the ending of this story?&nbsp; And how can I take an active part in creating the&nbsp;&nbsp; ending of this story? And you know, and that's&nbsp; partially kind of going to lead into this next&nbsp;&nbsp; question of like how do we create safety, right?&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. So, and and I mean, one of the things&nbsp;&nbsp; you're describing is something that can be done&nbsp; with narrative therapy, right? People can write&nbsp;&nbsp; out their their trauma story and say with an&nbsp; ending. They call this a contamination story of&nbsp;&nbsp; like, well, that's how I got broken. That's how my&nbsp; life got ruined. Or you can write this story and&nbsp;&nbsp; say, "Okay, let's write a redemption story at the&nbsp; second half of this." And we're going to, even if&nbsp;&nbsp; it hasn't happened yet, let's visualize this. But&nbsp; that's a form of cognitive therapy. That's a form&nbsp;&nbsp; of like word therapy. How do we do this with our&nbsp; nervous system? How do we do this with our bodies?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. And I think we need both. Like I just want&nbsp; to pause on the narrative piece on this. I one of&nbsp;&nbsp; my books is called the post-traumatic growth guide&nbsp; book. And the and the purpose of that book was&nbsp;&nbsp; basically to guide the reader through a narrative&nbsp; therapy journey of how do you write through your&nbsp;&nbsp; own trauma story and the book includes polyagal&nbsp; theory and it includes sematics and so so it it's&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of weaving in the both and because as humans&nbsp; we are storytellers and in some ways we also as&nbsp;&nbsp; part of healing need that truthtelling. We need&nbsp; our stories to be known by us and to be heard by&nbsp;&nbsp; others in order to feel validated and in order&nbsp; to have some redemptive elements to it. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then let's include the body. Yeah. Right.&nbsp; So when we look at the remnants of trauma as&nbsp;&nbsp; they live inside of us, we might notice chronic&nbsp; tension patterns, chronic vigilance patterns,&nbsp;&nbsp; the way that it interrupts our sleep, the way that&nbsp; interrupts our digestion or our um uh like kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; all of those rhythms of that are also where trauma&nbsp; intersects physically with our health, right? Oh&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. If we're in chronic states of fight flight&nbsp; and that sympathetic nervous system that a sense&nbsp;&nbsp; in essence is living on repeat, we are basically&nbsp; staying in more of an elevated heart rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; elevated respiratory rate. It's going to impair&nbsp; that rest and digest system. Um, and conversely,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes where we're stuck in in post-traumatic&nbsp; responses is in more of that collapse, depression,&nbsp;&nbsp; nothing's going to make a difference. Um,&nbsp; fatigue, malaise, like I have no appetite,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't feel anything, I can't even cry. Like I&nbsp; feel dead inside. Right. That dissociate. But like&nbsp;&nbsp; in the body, right? That the heavy feeling. That's&nbsp; right. So, let's start there. Let's say that that&nbsp;&nbsp; heaviness that um again maybe depressive thinking&nbsp; or more desparing thoughts are where we're stuck.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the phrases that we that we sometimes use&nbsp; in the applied polyagal theory model and this&nbsp;&nbsp; comes from Deb Dana is this idea of climbing up&nbsp; the polyvagal ladder. Yeah. in the sense that we&nbsp;&nbsp; have to go from that dorsal veagal shutdown and&nbsp; collapse back through mobilization in order to&nbsp;&nbsp; come back to social connection. So we think about&nbsp; reversing that tiered response to threat. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can't we can't go from a state of shutdown to a&nbsp; state of like I feel calm, safe, and relaxed. We&nbsp;&nbsp; have to go through like a little bit an activated&nbsp; state sometimes. And I'll say that like that's one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the trajectories. It it doesn't mean that we&nbsp; always have to do that. There are actually ways of&nbsp;&nbsp; layering in that sense of relational safety&nbsp; right into that collapse and shutdown that&nbsp;&nbsp; can in a sense kind of help us to maybe then&nbsp; reclaim mobilization. So I don't always put&nbsp;&nbsp; it quite as linear. Um but but and I think that&nbsp; the field is continuing to understand this and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what's beautiful about it. But very often&nbsp; at some point in the trauma recovery journey, we&nbsp;&nbsp; do need to remobilize. We do need to embrace our&nbsp; stress response, to befriend it, and to recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; its value in helping us to feel empowered and&nbsp; alive and um energized, right? So that we are&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling collapsed. How do we re-mbbrace a little&nbsp; bit of All right, I can look around, right? I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to just model for a moment the one of&nbsp; the most simple and subtle remobilizations that&nbsp;&nbsp; is so necessary for our nervous system which&nbsp; is literally to use our orienting response and&nbsp;&nbsp; to find something that serves as a cue of safety&nbsp; right and even though it's a subtle movement I am&nbsp;&nbsp; still turning my head. I am look looking with&nbsp; my eyes. And whether that point of connection&nbsp;&nbsp; and safety is with another person, you know,&nbsp; right here with you, or whether that's point&nbsp;&nbsp; of connection is through an object or an item from&nbsp; nature, a plant, or if I look out my window, I see&nbsp;&nbsp; our sunflowers in our backyard. It's late summer&nbsp; and the finches love to land on them and it's such&nbsp;&nbsp; a delight to watch them. They're like acrobats.&nbsp; They hang upside down. Sometimes the squirrels get&nbsp;&nbsp; on them and that's really fun. Those little seeds.&nbsp; Awesome. Yeah. Right. But like all of a sudden you&nbsp;&nbsp; can feel like, "Oh, I'm orienting my attention&nbsp; to something other than the trauma as it lives&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of me or as it lives inside of um inside&nbsp; of the mental stories about that. I'm orienting&nbsp;&nbsp; to something that is even if it's neutral, it's a&nbsp; sign of okayess right now." Yeah. I love that. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I saw that exercise in your book and I thought,&nbsp; "Oh, this is such a a simple and basic exercise."&nbsp;&nbsp; But it like there's two things that send cues to&nbsp; the body. And one is your outside environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is safe usually, right? Your environment in&nbsp; your room. I'm actually safe here. And that sends&nbsp;&nbsp; a message like through your eyeballs into your&nbsp; body and your your nervous system. But also just&nbsp;&nbsp; the act of moving your head and opening your eyes&nbsp; and expanding your peripheral vision, right? That&nbsp;&nbsp; also sends a message from your body up through&nbsp; your nervous system to your brain to say I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; like if I can move my eyes and I can see around me&nbsp; like I am safe. Right. That's right. That's right.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's beautiful. And we actually need Right.&nbsp; It's it's one of the reasons why we need safe&nbsp;&nbsp; enough environments now to unwind the trauma. And&nbsp; it's also speaks to one of the biggest challenges&nbsp;&nbsp; in our world is that sometimes the trauma is&nbsp; ongoing and there isn't enough current safety&nbsp;&nbsp; to heal from the past. And so instead we're still,&nbsp; you know, kind of bracing. And when I am working&nbsp;&nbsp; with individuals where there is ongoing exposure&nbsp; to trauma, we need in essence kind of, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; like like safe hubs in the midst of this world.&nbsp; So we can kind of find the smaller temporary&nbsp;&nbsp; spaces where in this current moment is it safe&nbsp; enough to reorient to yourself, your breath,&nbsp;&nbsp; your body without feeling chronically overwhelmed.&nbsp; Yeah. It's so easy to do with our ability to hear&nbsp;&nbsp; about pain and suffering or threats in the world.&nbsp; It's so easy to feel like we're always unsafe.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so I like that. I like two things you said.&nbsp; One is safe enough. I'm safe enough now. And to&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on like a hub, an area like a or even&nbsp; sometimes I think about this is like, oh, I&nbsp;&nbsp; can't do everything to make the whole world safe,&nbsp; right? I can't do everything to eliminate all the&nbsp;&nbsp; threats that I might read in the New York Times&nbsp; or whatever. But I can within my sphere, within&nbsp;&nbsp; my home, I can foster safety in my backyard. I can&nbsp; foster safety with my children. I can try and be&nbsp;&nbsp; a safe place for them and I can feel safe with&nbsp; them, you know. Yeah. Yeah. And I and you just&nbsp;&nbsp; named something so key in this which is that when&nbsp; I am capable of generating that within myself,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can also then generate it outside of myself. So&nbsp; it brings us back to another key element of the&nbsp;&nbsp; polybagal theory which is something that we call&nbsp; co-regulation. Mhm. When I'm regulating my nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system or maybe receiving the co-regulation from&nbsp; a safe enough environment, I can then become&nbsp;&nbsp; a co-regulator for others, in this case, your&nbsp; children, right? And so it be it becomes something&nbsp;&nbsp; that that is a bit of a ripple effect outward as&nbsp; we generate more of that positive state. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I I immediately felt that interacting with&nbsp; you like you emanate that and it helps me calm&nbsp;&nbsp; down because I get a little worked up about all&nbsp; the things I have to do for my interviews. And&nbsp;&nbsp; so like I can see you expressing that and we all&nbsp; I think we can all I hope everyone can identify&nbsp;&nbsp; someone in their lives who they can interact with&nbsp; that helps them feel a little bit safe or secure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um a lot safe or secure would be great thing.&nbsp; I think in your book you mentioned that right?&nbsp;&nbsp; um talking about like identifying a safe person or&nbsp; even visualizing a safe person who's not present,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Yeah, it's true. And sometimes we can&nbsp; draw upon kind of real people in our lives.&nbsp;&nbsp; And sometimes we have to draw upon allies, even&nbsp; allies that we've never met, but allies that have&nbsp;&nbsp; been, you know, like maybe a public figure or a&nbsp; historical figure that have served as represent&nbsp;&nbsp; representatives of what that safe relationship&nbsp; could feel like. And one of my favorite examples&nbsp;&nbsp; of this and someone I grew up with and maybe not&nbsp; as relevant for younger generations, but I grew up&nbsp;&nbsp; watching Mr. Rogers. I loved Mr. Rogers. If you if&nbsp; you know if if the viewers here have not seen the&nbsp;&nbsp; documentary about his show, um I highly recommend&nbsp; it because it you just bring your tissues with&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Like it's so beautiful because what he&nbsp; intended in his show that was on you know PBS&nbsp;&nbsp; public broadcasting system was to be that offering&nbsp; of validation and kindness and generosity and&nbsp;&nbsp; compassion for children really you know throughout&nbsp; our country and and I'm going to say beyond. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and so, you know, he's someone that I can pull on&nbsp; in my consciousness as a presence that brings that&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling of how, you know, of what goodness should&nbsp; feel like. And we can pull on spiritual presences&nbsp;&nbsp; and we can pull on even our animal presences,&nbsp; right? Our our pets as those allies of what&nbsp;&nbsp; safety can and should feel like. I love it. I&nbsp; love it, Mr. Rogers as your safe person. I love&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I think we could all like come up with someone&nbsp; like that in our lives. I hope so. That's cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope so. Yeah. Okay. Um, do you have another&nbsp; exercise or activity you'd be willing to share&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help us restore our sense of safety?&nbsp; Yeah. So, you know, part of what for me as a&nbsp;&nbsp; sematic practitioner and as a yoga teacher, part&nbsp; of what I come back to again and again are what&nbsp;&nbsp; are the sources of safety that that do live inside&nbsp; of us that therefore no matter where we are in the&nbsp;&nbsp; world, no matter what we're doing, we can tap into&nbsp; that which comes with us everywhere. Right. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And um and this doesn't mean that we don't also&nbsp; need each other. This is not a replacement for&nbsp;&nbsp; the social forms of connection and safety, but&nbsp; it's a uh kind of once we have the foundation&nbsp;&nbsp; of those co-regulating sources of connection, we&nbsp; can then carry that inside of us. So, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; for example, right before coming in to do this&nbsp; interview with you, I spent an hour on my yoga&nbsp;&nbsp; mat, which is, you know, pretty much my morning&nbsp; routine. I have a meditation practice. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; yoga practice and the practices that I engage in&nbsp; which are basically an applied polyagal theory in&nbsp;&nbsp; yoga or I just generally call it Vegas nerve yoga&nbsp; and it's my YouTube channel. You can, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; can find it under Dr. Ariel Schwarz. But there's&nbsp; basically, you know, lots of tools that we have&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of us. And the the basics that I'll share&nbsp; here are your breath and your posture, your spine.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because when we think about both of those&nbsp; and I'll and I'll share about each one and&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll kind of share just some basic practice&nbsp; around this is that your breath mirrors your&nbsp;&nbsp; nervous system. Every inhalation will key in a&nbsp; little bit of your sympathetic nervous system.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every exhalation brings in a little bit of&nbsp; parasympathetic quieting. Yeah. When we look&nbsp;&nbsp; at the health of the autonomic nervous system&nbsp; and this relates to safety, what we want to see&nbsp;&nbsp; is this ability to move pretty fluidly between&nbsp; sympathetic and parasympathetic. We feel unsafe&nbsp;&nbsp; if we're stuck in sympathetic, right? Activation,&nbsp; vigilance, um irritability, restlessness, anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; panic, and we feel unsafe if we're stuck&nbsp; in the parasympathetic nervous system.&nbsp;&nbsp; We feel shut down, heavy again, more depressed,&nbsp; more despair, more collapse. So when we look at&nbsp;&nbsp; the health of the autonomic nervous system,&nbsp; we are wanting to restore this rhythm of&nbsp;&nbsp; sympathetic parasympathetic. It's built right&nbsp; into your breath. Our physiology mirrors that,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So the basic practice is rhythmic&nbsp; breathing. Mhm. When I inhale for let's&nbsp;&nbsp; say four to 5 seconds and I exhale four&nbsp; to 5 seconds, I'm cultivating this rhythm&nbsp;&nbsp; rhythm of my nervous system and I'm maximizing on&nbsp; that. Conversely, if I'm breathing erratically, which I won't do very long because it feels&nbsp; terrible, right? Even just a few breaths like&nbsp;&nbsp; that, we can get that sense of erratic breathing&nbsp; being more linked to that form of erratic&nbsp;&nbsp; breathing to panic and anxiety. Yeah. Conversely,&nbsp; if I'm breathing shallow, almost imperceptible, you can sense how that breath pattern&nbsp; would be linked more to shutdown and&nbsp;&nbsp; depression. Yeah. So, our rhythmic breathing that allows for an even inhale and exhale is restoring the rhythm of the nervous system. And from the bottom up, from your body&nbsp; to your brain via your vagus nerve,&nbsp;&nbsp; sending signals of safety back to the brain. I'm going to link it to one more piece and we'll&nbsp; breathe together again. But the posture is also a&nbsp;&nbsp; mirror of our nervous system. So when we think&nbsp; about curling forward, totally valid shape,&nbsp;&nbsp; valid when we need to grieve, valid when we're&nbsp; sad, valid when we feel helpless or powerless,&nbsp;&nbsp; we just don't want to live here all of the time.&nbsp; And that's a parasympathetic shape. We sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; need to curl upon ourselves, right? In yoga, we&nbsp; would go into a child's pose or a forward fold.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it allows us to make contact with what our&nbsp; body knows from this shape. And in its opposite,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes we go into spinal extension. This is&nbsp; going to lift my gaze. It's going to bring more&nbsp;&nbsp; breath into the upper chest. It's going to be more&nbsp; sympathetic in nature. I'm going to be very aware&nbsp;&nbsp; of my surrounds and I'm able to respond to what's&nbsp; happening out there. So, a spinal extension is&nbsp;&nbsp; more sympathetic in nature. We want it, but we&nbsp; don't want to be stuck here. Mhm. So when we're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at the health of the autonomic nervous&nbsp; system is related to posture once again we can see&nbsp;&nbsp; how rhythmic postural transitions like in a yogic&nbsp; cat cow or even a seated cat cow we are basically&nbsp;&nbsp; restoring the rhythmic integrity of the nervous&nbsp; system. Okay. So when we put it all together, my&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite practice and I love it. You're like, "Oh&nbsp; yeah, I feel it." Right? Every time you talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; breath though, it brings your awareness. You're&nbsp; like, "Oh yeah, don't forget to breathe, Emma."&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, we all do, right? We all do. That's,&nbsp; you know, I I I think what I love about poly bagel&nbsp;&nbsp; theory is it's a compassionate way to understand&nbsp; ourselves, our tendencies, and our symptoms. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; so important when we speak about trauma recovery&nbsp; to not use these things against ourselves.&nbsp;&nbsp; If only I could breathe. If only I were blah blah&nbsp; blah blah blah. Right? Like our tendencies to hold&nbsp;&nbsp; our breath, our tendencies to breathe shallowly,&nbsp; our tendencies to be stuck in kind of postural&nbsp;&nbsp; inefficiencies if you want to think about it that&nbsp; way. That's just called being human. Yeah. Right.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, as we layer in breath, posture, and let's&nbsp; add in compassion, right? Those are all kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; recipes for restoring a sense of safety. And if we&nbsp; put this together in a practice, a very simple one&nbsp;&nbsp; that that in yoga we call the robin's breath. And&nbsp; I'll guide this here is with your hands on your&nbsp;&nbsp; shoulders, you inhale, you lift your spine,&nbsp; maybe even lift your chin, open your elbows.&nbsp;&nbsp; On the exhale pattern, we find the opposite. We&nbsp; curl inward. We let our chin tuck. Elbows come to&nbsp;&nbsp; touch. And then we move rhythmically, finding&nbsp; your rhythm with breath and movement. Opening and closing back in. And very often when we do this, we also find&nbsp; the areas where maybe our spine feels kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of sticky or maybe even a little bit painful.&nbsp; And then you get to know what your body knows,&nbsp;&nbsp; what it's holding on your behalf. So say for&nbsp; example, for me was I go into this kind of curling&nbsp;&nbsp; forward and I feel into some of the tension that&nbsp; sits between my shoulder blades, I might pause and&nbsp;&nbsp; just breathe right here two or three times, right?&nbsp; Just acknowledging, oh man, it can be so tight in&nbsp;&nbsp; there sometimes. Can I feel into that with some&nbsp; compassion? And then open back up. Opening the&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes, reorienting to the safe enough here and&nbsp; now. Even as we attend to where the body houses&nbsp;&nbsp; tension or pain from the past. And just two more&nbsp; breaths. Your rhythm, your sensing into yourself. Yeah, feels good. It is good, right? And it's&nbsp; simple. It's a practice we can do even sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; at our desks. Especially if we've been sitting&nbsp; at the computer a long time, we get into good&nbsp;&nbsp; postural inefficiencies or my favorite, this one.&nbsp; Right. Yeah. So, absolutely we have to restore&nbsp;&nbsp; but notice and I'm sure for for our viewers too&nbsp; like notice the subtle shifts from a relatively&nbsp;&nbsp; short practice. I love it. Yeah. I felt I felt&nbsp; myself becoming more aware of my heaviness and my&nbsp;&nbsp; tension back here. And then as I breathed into it,&nbsp; I felt like laughing a little bit cuz I was like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, yeah." like like that release like&nbsp; a little bit of like it softening up and&nbsp;&nbsp; like it was very I really liked that. Thank&nbsp; you for sharing that. That's fun. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; and and you know, of course, there's always&nbsp; the thinking part of my brain. It's like,&nbsp;&nbsp; am I doing this right? Am I doing this right? It's&nbsp; like, it's okay. Just you can be there, but just&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to just feeling it. The truth is there is&nbsp; no right or wrong way to do these practices. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that's such an important element of it&nbsp; because the more that we get to know our bodies,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more that we allow ourselves to kind of follow&nbsp; sensation and feel comfortable moving towards what&nbsp;&nbsp; the body holds for us. And that can take time.&nbsp; And you know, something something that we were&nbsp;&nbsp; speaking about just a little bit um early on, I&nbsp; think even before we started recording officially,&nbsp;&nbsp; is just this idea of like can we really restore a&nbsp; sense of safety, right? Is that really possible?&nbsp;&nbsp; And you know, when we're up against a lot of kind&nbsp; of neur neurological wiring of trauma that may be&nbsp;&nbsp; accumulated over many many years, what we need to&nbsp; recognize is that to restore a sense of safety as&nbsp;&nbsp; a new baseline requires repeated practice. Yeah.&nbsp; Right. We we you know when we look at the research&nbsp;&nbsp; on neuroplasticity and you know kind of like what&nbsp; helps support us to change in a positive direction&nbsp;&nbsp; and Rick Hansen has some beautiful research on&nbsp; this with something he calls the heal protocol,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? He talks about how we have to counteract&nbsp; those negativity biases or the the the ways in&nbsp;&nbsp; which we are kind of again via survival orienting&nbsp; towards what is wrong and what are the threats&nbsp;&nbsp; because we as we orient towards that it helps&nbsp; us prepare and keep ourselves safe and and know&nbsp;&nbsp; what's out there. But the problem is is that&nbsp; sometimes we're so oriented to the threats or&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe historical threats or it just becomes all&nbsp; that we can see. So we have to actively counteract&nbsp;&nbsp; that by looking for cues that let us know that&nbsp; we're safe enough now, that it's okay right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; that this is a time when I can go into myself and&nbsp; I can relax and restore that sense of safety. And&nbsp;&nbsp; we need to repeat that every single day, right?&nbsp; As we're trying to rewire something that has been&nbsp;&nbsp; orienting us vigilantly into survival states.&nbsp; And so this heal protocol, it stands for have&nbsp;&nbsp; a positive experience, orient to that one thing,&nbsp; the finches on the sunflowers, the the sweetness&nbsp;&nbsp; of another person and their their, you know, kind&nbsp; of social engagement cues back of I'm with you.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've got this. We we've got this together, right?&nbsp; Find that one thing. Have a positive experience.&nbsp;&nbsp; Enrich it. Get to know all the details of how&nbsp; your body registers that as a sense of safe of&nbsp;&nbsp; what about that feels safe enough, right? It can&nbsp; be simple things like I like the color of your&nbsp;&nbsp; pink shirt. It brings me a little bit of like oh&nbsp; wow I like I love I love that you chose that color&nbsp;&nbsp; today and it draws me towards you. I like your&nbsp; smile. I um you know I I like the way that you&nbsp;&nbsp; gaze toward me in a very kind way. Right. Right.&nbsp; So I'm like registering those details. So heal,&nbsp;&nbsp; have a positive experience, enrich it, absorb&nbsp; it, linger, don't jump away from it so fast.&nbsp;&nbsp; Stay there for 20 to 30 seconds with whatever&nbsp; this this small yet meaningful positive shift&nbsp;&nbsp; might be. And then the last step, heal. Have&nbsp; a positive experience. Enrich it. Absorb it.&nbsp;&nbsp; stay there longer. And L stands for link it. Link&nbsp; it to that one area of challenge where you've been&nbsp;&nbsp; suffering. Whether that's a trauma related memory,&nbsp; whether it's an ongoing struggle in your life,&nbsp;&nbsp; because what we're doing when we're linking is&nbsp; we're basically building a new neural connection&nbsp;&nbsp; that says, "Sometimes I'm suffering, but sometimes&nbsp; I feel okay." Yeah. And I want to know that I can&nbsp;&nbsp; move between my suffering. I don't want to ignore&nbsp; it. I don't want to deny it. Right? That would be&nbsp;&nbsp; toxic positivity, right? To just just focus on&nbsp; all this good stuff. I want to know that I can&nbsp;&nbsp; turn towards my despair, my shame, my worries,&nbsp; my fears, but I'm not going to get stuck there&nbsp;&nbsp; either. So, I can I can link that sometimes I&nbsp; feel okay. Yeah. Sometimes I feel connected.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sometimes I feel joy. Yeah. And sometimes I feel&nbsp; suffering. And they both are part of me. Oo,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is so good. It's so so profound. And it's&nbsp; something I've been thinking about a lot lately&nbsp;&nbsp; is that like truly healthy people, they aren't&nbsp; just calm all the time and they aren't just happy&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time. Truly healthy people do both. like&nbsp; they hold they can hold both sadness and joy in&nbsp;&nbsp; the same day where someone someone who maybe gets&nbsp; stuck would be like well I had this happen to me&nbsp;&nbsp; on my drive so today's going to be a terrible day&nbsp; and then they they scan for the bad and then they&nbsp;&nbsp; pay attention to the bad I had someone tell me&nbsp; the other day I have this theory that all my even&nbsp;&nbsp; years are good and all my odd years are bad like&nbsp; bad things happen in my even years and I was like&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a self-fulfilling prophecy and all the&nbsp; even years you were just looking and scanning for&nbsp;&nbsp; all the bad that happens. And truthfully, like an&nbsp; even year probably has some bad and probably has&nbsp;&nbsp; some good, right? And a an odd year probably&nbsp; has good and bad. And so I love this idea of&nbsp;&nbsp; linking. Um maybe I can give an example from&nbsp; my day today like um I definitely have an an&nbsp;&nbsp; old story that's like never good enough. Got to be&nbsp; better, got to be better. Like just this constant&nbsp;&nbsp; like seeking of perfectionism or something. and&nbsp; I'm a parent. It's like you literally cannot be&nbsp;&nbsp; like perfect as a parent. It is not possible. Like&nbsp; I mess up. People are like, "You must be such a&nbsp;&nbsp; good mom. Your girls are so lucky to have you."&nbsp; This is in the YouTube comments. And I'm like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, you should see my house at dinnertime cuz&nbsp; I definitely yell um occasionally more often than&nbsp;&nbsp; I would like." Today I picked up my daughter from&nbsp; bed. She was like not wanting to go to school. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I just hugged her and I and she laughed and smiled&nbsp; and I just paid attention to how it felt. She's&nbsp;&nbsp; six to be like holding her and to listening to&nbsp; her laugh and like seeing her smile. And I tried&nbsp;&nbsp; to like take a picture of this mentally and like&nbsp; just stay with it for a few seconds even though&nbsp;&nbsp; we were like late already late. And I love what&nbsp; you're saying is like pair that like oh I have&nbsp;&nbsp; this feeling like oh what if I'm a bad parent?&nbsp; What if my kids never want a relationship with me&nbsp;&nbsp; and these like catastrophizing thoughts if I can&nbsp; pair that with like we just we try to have little&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful moments each day and try and linger on&nbsp; that. I love that. So link it link it. Thank you&nbsp;&nbsp; for sharing that. Do you really believe Do you&nbsp; really believe in neuroplasticity? Do you really&nbsp;&nbsp; believe like with CPTTSD people can can heal? Yes.&nbsp; Yes. And with CPTTSD given that the majority of&nbsp;&nbsp; complex trauma comes from relational betrayals and&nbsp; relational wounds. I just want to say this again&nbsp;&nbsp; and again. We we don't heal alone, right? We need&nbsp; relational sources of safety. And that's where,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, gratefully we we have those in&nbsp; our world, right? Whether that's through&nbsp;&nbsp; psychotherapy or I love group work. I love&nbsp; running. I run veagal toning groups. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; I run uh Vegas nerve yoga classes. I love these&nbsp; opportunities that we have to come together with&nbsp;&nbsp; other people who are like-minded, who are on the&nbsp; healing path where we get to show up as we are and&nbsp;&nbsp; um be welcomed in whether that's one-on-one spaces&nbsp; or community spaces. uh that reduces the isolation&nbsp;&nbsp; and aloneeness of of the kinds of suffering. But&nbsp; the you know the research I've spent so many years&nbsp;&nbsp; researching how we change and why we change and&nbsp; the research shows that it's the commitment to the&nbsp;&nbsp; things that make a difference and that you know&nbsp; I often like in trauma recovery and the practices&nbsp;&nbsp; that support it to the practices that we need to&nbsp; do every day like brush our teeth right like if&nbsp;&nbsp; I found a practice that helped me feel good on&nbsp; Monday and I think that that's good enough for&nbsp;&nbsp; the week it's probably not right like you know&nbsp; we brush our teeth multiples couple times a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So, like engaging in practices&nbsp; that are shifting your nervous system,&nbsp;&nbsp; even if that dial is moving super slow, um&nbsp; that are going to shift you in that positive&nbsp;&nbsp; direction. And speaking of slow transition,&nbsp; when we think about the shift from, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the summer solstice to the winter solstice or&nbsp; the winter solstice to the summer, right? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's super subtle changes that we don't really&nbsp; notice on a day-to-day basis, but that each of&nbsp;&nbsp; those 10minute increments of the change in the sun&nbsp; and its arc on the horizon dramatically changes&nbsp;&nbsp; a season, right? So, we have those seasons&nbsp; inside of us and we just have to remember&nbsp;&nbsp; that it's the small incremental shifts that&nbsp; ultimately accumulate and build on each other.&nbsp;&nbsp; I love that. Yeah, the sun the sun the length&nbsp; of day changes by 60 to 90 seconds a day and&nbsp;&nbsp; it changes it from winter to summer. It's cool.&nbsp; Tiny changes. When I when I first learned about&nbsp;&nbsp; poly bagel, my trainer recommended um to like try&nbsp; to notice and just touch base with your nervous&nbsp;&nbsp; system multiple times an hour. What do you think&nbsp; about that? Oh, I think it's great when we can&nbsp;&nbsp; remember to do those things. I mean, how many of&nbsp; us remember to do those things? I said, "Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I use like a timer literally." Totally. When&nbsp; I'm when I'm rewiring something, I use a timer&nbsp;&nbsp; to remind myself multiple times an hour. Yeah.&nbsp; Same. I think it's really really profound to use&nbsp;&nbsp; uh use our technologies. Um don't I have a fun&nbsp; little thing on the back of here? It's my little&nbsp;&nbsp; popsocket, but it's cute. Cute. Anyhow, we use our&nbsp; technologies to support us to grow. And I think&nbsp;&nbsp; that like there's nothing wrong with using these&nbsp; little crutches. I prefer the little I have sweet&nbsp;&nbsp; timers like chimes that go off versus the rubber&nbsp; band technique that we learned way back in the day&nbsp;&nbsp; before we had smartphones that basically basically&nbsp; said like every time you have a negative thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; snap the wrap on your well that doesn't feel like&nbsp; it supports my growth. gentle chimes that says are&nbsp;&nbsp; you breathing right now or take a twominut breathe&nbsp; break right like oh I can do that right and so&nbsp;&nbsp; I think you know I think again like we can look&nbsp; for what supports us to do the practices I think&nbsp;&nbsp; that's one of the biggest barriers out there is&nbsp; that we know what we should be doing but we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; do it um I I actually want to shamelessly plug&nbsp; something that goes along with the book so the the&nbsp;&nbsp; um polyagal theory workbook for trauma. One of the&nbsp; things that I'm really proud of is that I um Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you. I um collaborated with New Harbinger, the&nbsp; publisher of the book, and we created a course&nbsp;&nbsp; that accompanies the book. And the the course is&nbsp; less than the cost of a single therapy session.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's it's less than $100 and it basically is&nbsp; me on video guiding you through every practice&nbsp;&nbsp; in the book and it it's a lifetime access. And so&nbsp; it's one of those kind of really deep um passions&nbsp;&nbsp; for me which is to increase accessibility because&nbsp; we all know that psychotherapy is expensive and&nbsp;&nbsp; that sometimes it's hard to find that person and&nbsp; and so on and so forth. And so you know kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like you I think that shared mission of how do&nbsp; we increase accessibility to trauma-informed&nbsp;&nbsp; skills and and therapy awareness skills um it's&nbsp; it's one of those tools that are out there. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's so good. That course is called Let Your&nbsp; Body Hold You. Let your body hold You. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; And where can people find you? I'm so glad you&nbsp; plugged that. And where can people find you? Your&nbsp;&nbsp; books. Do you have a website? What is it? Yes.&nbsp; All right. I have two websites. One is simply&nbsp;&nbsp; drillshwarz.com. So, it's pretty easy to find me&nbsp; drillshwarz.com. The other is resilienceinformed&nbsp;&nbsp; therapies.com. resilienceinformed therapy.com.&nbsp; And that one is basically a hub for all of the&nbsp;&nbsp; um kind of people that have trained with me or&nbsp; like-minded clinicians that are offering sim&nbsp;&nbsp; uh similar types of work out there. Um I&nbsp; would say sign up for my newsletter which&nbsp;&nbsp; you can do from either of those websites. It's&nbsp; the same newsletter to get to know what are the&nbsp;&nbsp; courses that I'm offering. Some of which are for&nbsp; therapists on how to uh treat trauma and complex&nbsp;&nbsp; PTSD. Some are for lay person. I offer retreats um&nbsp; called the beyond trauma retreat and veagal toning&nbsp;&nbsp; retreats and um I have a YouTube channel under&nbsp; Dr. Ariel Schwarz where you'll find again lots of&nbsp;&nbsp; uh free resources on trauma recovery on Instagram&nbsp; I am Ariel Schwarz Boulder and YouTube Dr. Ariel&nbsp;&nbsp; Schwarz. So lots of ways to find me. That's so&nbsp; great. Okay, we will pop links to those in the&nbsp;&nbsp; description or in the show notes if y'all are on&nbsp; the podcast and um it has just been a delight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you so much for your time, your wisdom,&nbsp; your years of experience. Really appreciate&nbsp;&nbsp; you coming on. Thank you. Hi there. If you found&nbsp; anything in this video helpful, I would really&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate it if you could give it a thumbs up or&nbsp; share it with someone who could benefit from it

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [122 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @SalahShafik-uw4do [14 likes]: Manifesting honestly never made much sense to me, and after a while I started feeling like I was just bad at it. I took Vera Hart’s archetype quiz without expecting much, but the result was weirdly accurate. It actually helped me see what I’d been doing wrong. Just give it a try ❤️
  3. @frogsandrobbers: Brilliant
  4. @laurastoltz3393: Is this co-regular or codependency?
  5. @NouraiKhroussa: If anxiety makes normal situations feel far more intense than they should, Clara Hartley’s anxiety quiz might help you understand why your mind reacts that way.
  6. @TinkiLee: I feel like the submit state is linked to masking.
  7. @rubykoontz1364: Love this, thank you! Also, love the Simba metaphor <3
  8. @דליהאליה: ❤thank you!!!
  9. @brandycolmer7052: Pretty sure this is my second time through this episode. So grateful for you both sharing this. Love the the robins breath
  10. @SaffronHammer: Breath work causes me such anxiety. It sky rockets my anxiety. For years I have attempted to do breath work and it’s always been a very awful and scary experience. I can’t breathe or get enough air. At this point even thinking about doing breath work causes me to have shorter breaths and pain in my stomach and a lump in my throat.
  11. @SaffronHammer: Minute 18 is like the god of the Bible for me. I had to live in submissive compliance even though what is required in that relationship is dreadful and damaging and against moral intuition—in order to seek safety—to not suffer horrible consequences. It was another damaging layer in my CPTSD, along with being raised by a mother with bipolar disorder and BPD and an emotionally absent father . There was no place of safety. Anywhere. I was alone. And terrified daily. It’s been 16 years of identifying the trauma and deconstructing the religious beliefs given me at birth. I am 57 now and I have worked diligently daily—reading, writing, watching about all sorts of modalities. I have been in therapy most of these years. It’s like a second job on top of my full time job—and while I have come a long way in my healing journey, I despair of ever being free of it. Some days I’m hopeful but those are not frequent. I wish others knew that it ain’t for lack of knowledge, determined effort, self introspection, and real daily and constant effort —our brain chemistry, wiring, dna, and life experiences and circumstances are so varied. There is no one size fits all. And if something worked for you, that’s wonderful, but it might not for another. The struggle is real, the challenges real, and our uniqueness is real. I wish there were a formula : modality + concerted effort x time = healing. Sadly, life and humans are not math equations. Take heart, all who struggle with this, and know you are not alone and you are worthy of all good things just the way you are. Always.
  12. @SaffronHammer: “Normal state of safety”? Some of us do not have this as our normal state.
  13. @Dynomore1314: Mass shooting….destroys the body and ability to feel safe. Beginning to wonder if i will ever feel safe again.  Yes, so much heaviness and despair. Is there an ending?  In May, i attended a children’s literature conference and Mr. Rogers was the focus!
  14. @TammyJFox: This was excellent!

It reminded me why I see the role of a therapist as being much like a lifeguard. We are trained to recognize when someone is in distress, enter their ocean of pain, guide them to safety, and do so without drowning in the depth of their emotions ourselves.

I especially appreciated how this lesson aligns with my trauma work. Thank you for expanding my knowledge while also strengthening my own sense of safety as a clinician. When we become a secure point of safety for our clients, that security creates a ripple effect that extends far beyond the therapy room and into their lives.

Beautifully taught. Thank you. 💐
  15. @Star-dj1kw: ✅ interesting
  16. @karenbenavides4689: I had learned so much today, my healing process, the spot I am at this very moment in my life. Gracias mil!!!
  17. @patriciophillips7894: Amazing interview!
  18. @lesleylearned1125: This was good to listen to but as a Christian would not want to engage in yoga, because it’s a middle  Eastern spiritual practice that bows down to their 300 thousand Gods they have,  As a Christian we can not engage in that, I once tried to learn to meditate and was standing next to the master, and I saw a movement inside his eye ball, I knew it was demonic right away and removed my self away from the house.. God also  showed me in a waking vision that  it was a sideways light,  a  false light, he showed me a lit  candle, but lying down on a plate…. I love everything else she said, butGod  and Christ can heal trauma to..🙏🏼❤️
  19. @lesleylearned1125: God and Jesus are my safe place …❤️❤️🔥🙏🏼
  20. @monicarosborough8727: How does this approach intersect with Autism, the wiring for social interaction seems missing and the emotion for some seems very intense and volatile.

- Trauma-Informed Care Explained: Safety, Trust & Nervous System Regulation | Dr. Arielle Schwartz: Kind: captions Language: en Let's go into [music] the topic of traumainformed care from a resilienceinformed lens. I'd love to start us out with the principles of traumainformed care and you can find these online at the cdc.gov. The first of these is safety. Of course, we want our people to feel safe with us and what facilitates basic safety in the therapeutic relationship is trustworthiness and transparency. I mentioned earlier in this module that safety is um a tricky word sometimes because it can sometimes point out where we're not safe and currently not safe. And we live in a world where a lot of the people that are coming to us for support are currently in unsafe experiences. Whether that's relationally, whether that's culturally, whether that's due to access to resources such as a house, such as financial resources. And so the relative safety within the therapeutic environment is the foundation of good care. And then on top of that, also being able to attend to those safety factors outside of our work. Sometimes we need to collaborate with other community services to work on housing support or access to food and so forth in order to also support that safety. As I mentioned, trustworthiness and transparency facilitates that safety in the room. And that another key element here is having access not just on that dependency between client and you as the only source of support, but also building in more peer support systems. Whether that's attending support groups, whether that's finding who are the good support people in our clients lives outside of therapy, who can they call when they're struggling, who's a safe person to talk about um their difficulties with or to bring their emotional vulnerability to. Within therapy, we also look at the importance of collaboration and mutuality. We've already been speaking about this, haven't we? Collaboration is the ability to kind of co-pilot the process together to ensure that your client can tell you what's working and what's not working and so that we feel like we're on an even playing field as we progress through treatment together. We want our clients to feel empowered and at choice at every stage of the treatment process. And then the final principle here is that we are acknowledging and respecting the cultural, historical and gender issues that may be impacting our clients sense of self and sense of safety in the world. So the phasic model of trauma treatment has been and continues to be the most wellressearched evidence-based supported approach to successful trauma recovery. And for many many years, I want to say for about 30 years, starting in with Judith Herman's first book in the early 1990s, I think it was 1992 that she first came out with her book trauma and recovery and introduced the phase-based model. It was always referred to as the triphasic model. Three phases of treatment. The first of which is to establish stability and safety by developing resources. Then we go into phase two where we process traumatic material in a well-paced and regulated manner. And phase three where we reintegrate new experiences into our sense of identity and our relationships. But just this year, which is 2023 to locate when I'm uh teaching this material, Judith Herman came out with her bookend book. If you think of trauma and recovery as the beginning of her career, she came out with a follow-up book that is called Truth and Repair. And she introduces a fourth phase to trauma treatment, which is justice, reparations, the recognition of the impact of what has happened and seeking rehabilitation for offenders. Now, it's important here to distinguish that it's not always about punishment of offenders. In fact, most trauma survivors have enough sensitivity that even though there's a part of them that may be rageful and hateful and and carry fury towards their perpetrators, ultimately what they want is reparations and rehabilitation. So as we look at this phasic model to trauma care, we can think of our trauma treatment as occurring in an arc and that perhaps we move across these phases in within the entire arc of our entire of our whole treatment process which can be over many years. But we can also recognize that inside of a single session, we can also move through smaller arcs where we're developing some stability and a sense of safety in the here and now that lets us do a little bit of a deepening in to some of the trauma related material. And then we have a new gem. We have an understanding of self and we integrate that into our overall sense of identity and we bring that into our relationships. And that can happen in these smaller arcs perhaps even dipping into what justice looks like, what reparations would look like, even if they cannot get that from the external systems which may not be doing the work of trauma recovery that the individual is doing. But how could they give that to themselves now? Or seek smaller, safer spaces where justice is recognized, where that dignity and respect for what they've been through is honored and attended to. Few of my favorite perspectives on the trauma-informed practice. First of all, trauma-informed practice prioritizes our clients complexity, the social context, and the therapeutic relationship throughout all phases of treatment, including the assessment phase, the diagnostic phase, and the treatment process. And the first requirement is to adopt an approach which will retain our patients or our clients in therapy long enough for the therapist and patient to form a shared understanding of what is happening and to find a way of working together. Here's the truth. When we don't have enough safety and trustworthiness and collaboration in our work with our people, they do not stay in therapy. And that's the biggest cost of therapy that's not well delivered is that people leave and then maybe they don't ever go back to therapy because they didn't have a good experience. So we need to work with all of this in mind so that we really create a safe environment so that we can support our people to heal. I refer to this as a foundation of safety that you know we might have a whole list of questions that we might ask someone about their past as we gather information and we try to understand who they are and how they've become who they are and what symptoms they might have. But before we go into gathering all of that information about the past, we need a foundation of safety. And we achieve this by orienting clients to the here and now and inviting them to pay attention to the cues of safety in the room and reminding them that there's plenty of time for our work together. I mentioned earlier that I used to work in community mental health and that can be a tricky setting to achieve this. First of all, when we were trained to do our um assessments, we were trained to do this simultaneously typing into a computer our intake sessions. So, someone would come in, we've never met each other, we have a whole list of questions we need to get through in an hour or 90 minutes, and we're typing their answers into the computer. It does not lend itself well to a foundation of safety. we aren't that able to track what might be happening or the impact of these questions on the other person and it disrupts the social engagement and the attachment relationship between you and the client periodically as you keep turning towards a keyboard and a computer. So being very mindful that sometimes our systems are set up in in a manner that isn't as traumainformed as it needs to be. And so we have to then advocate for things like um I might not get a diagnosis at the be at the end of an intake. In fact, it might take closer to a month or several months because my client feels overwhelmed when I ask a lot of questions about their symptoms. And um and I don't want to um discourage them from staying in treatment. I'll share one brief story here. I had a woman that came to me after reading the the complex PTSD workbook and she really related to that book and she came to see me to and told me a story about the first time she went to go see a therapist and it was in a community setting. The therapist very similar to what I was describing was asking a whole list of questions and at some point the therapist asked a question. client has no memory of what that question was, but she ran from the room and she ended up standing next to her car in the parking lot and she had no memory of how she got there and it was terrifying. So, we are really wanting to track how is the person tolerating the process at each stage uh along the way so that we're not overwhelming them. That tolerance of the affect and the sensation we we often address through looking at this window of tolerance. This was developed by Dan Seagull and it's been adapted by others to refer to as the window of capacity. What is our capacity to respond effectively to emotions and sensations? And we think of the window of tolerance as this optimal zone of nervous system arousal. And when we're above that zone, when we're out of the window at the top, we're in hyperarousal, irritability, restlessness, panic, anxiety. And when we're below that window of tolerance, we're in hypoarousal, right? And that we can drop into states of collapse, helplessness, hopelessness, despair, depression. And this also recognizes that those high arousal states, they they're not meant to be sustained. We're not meant to be in our sympathetic nervous system for days or weeks or years on end. And that ultimately our nervous system will counterbalance that by taking us down into the parasympathetic. And when we speak about polyagal theory, we'll illuminate this a whole lot more because we'll see why we can drop into these nervous system states that are characterized by this hypoarousal parasympathetic but shut down and collapse. When we're initially in our phase one um borrowing from Judith Herman, our phase one treatment, we are trying to establish safety and stability. And we do this by learning how to be in the window, right? We create these well-paced therapeutic interventions that are helping our clients work through the traumatic memories without becoming overwhelmed or shutting down in the process. So, we start with this focus on regulation and staying inside of the window. Once we have some of that safety and stability in place, we can move into our phase 2 work where we're working the edge of the window of tolerance, helping clients to successfully handle a wider range of affect and sensations. As we're doing our history taking with our people, I just want to remind us again that there's little clinical value in focusing on a list of questions when this interferes with the relationship. So, I invite you to use questions to facilitate conversations in a well-paced manner that helps you learn about your client's lives. A clinical interview then is also going to be offered at a pace that's not overwhelming the client so they don't end up in the parking lot, right? We don't want to rush the process because that can impair their willingness to continue. Clients may not be able to talk about their distresses as symptoms, right? We might be asking questions and they're going, "Well, I don't know if I do that or this is just simply who I am." So, we really need to be savvy and listen to what's not being said, watching the body language, tracking that window of tolerance, and sometimes even educating the clients that that they can help us pace the process by them noticing how they're doing all along the way. This is especially true when we are working with individuals with dissociative symptoms and when we're developing a case conceptualization. In other words, a case conceptualization is a big picture of who is this person? How do we understand them in the context of their social, cultural, developmental experiences in life? How has this shaped them? That case conceptualization can sometimes be accomplished in a 90-minute intake session and sometimes it can take months. When we're building our capacity to work with our clients and help to do this safely, there's a skill that I want to make sure that you have in your toolbox. And it's a skill that I initially learned when I was trained in EMDR therapy in 2001, and I've used this ever since. And it's really about the recognition that we need to be at choice about when we're going to think about the hard stuff. And what trauma does is it really interferes with that sense of choice because trauma is not something that we choose and it also interrupts that sense of choice that we have about when to think about traumatic experiences. So suddenly we're thinking about the traumatic events in the middle of the night or when we're trying to parent our children and those kinds of experiences. And so to reclaim a sense of choice is the first step in recovery. And it's important to know that you get to be a choice about whether or not this is a good time to think about any distressing memories from the past. And you get to make an agreement with yourself that you will only focus on traumatic memories when you feel supported and resourced. So you can have this conversation with your clients and they'll get it. They're like, "Oh, okay. I really do need to build this." I often think of if you're going to go to the gym and strengthen any muscle, we're strengthening the capacity for containment and choice through repeated practice.

  Top Comments:
  1. @le_th_ [1 likes]: Trauma-trained care is much better for the client. What trauma informed care does is a recipe for disaster. It's a tiny bit of knowledge, over a weekend or day of training for continuing education credits. 

Professionals need trauma training, or they shouldn't be allowed to see patients with trauma (which is most (not all) people coming to therapy).
  2. @therapywisdom: 🌿 Huge appreciation to Dr. Arielle Schwartz for her clarity, compassion, and decades of contribution to trauma-informed practice. Your ability to translate complex neurobiology into accessible, humane clinical wisdom continues to transform the way therapists show up for their clients. Thank you for the depth, integrity, and heart you bring to this work. 💚
  3. @silviafigueroa2427: Resilience

- Control Your Vagus Nerve to Improve Mood, Alertness & Neuroplasticity: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. Today, we are discussing the vagus nerve. The vagus nerve, or what neuroanatomists call cranial nerve 10, is an extremely interesting nerve because when we hear the word nerve, we often think of a small, you know, connection between one thing and another, the wires of the nerve, which of course we call axons. If you didn't know that, now you know. They're called axons. But actually, the cranial nerve is an extensive pathway. It's a whole set of connections that link the brain and body. In fact, in many respects, it looks kind of like its own nervous system, within the traditional nervous system of the brain and the spinal cord, the connections between spinal cord and muscle. The vagus nerve is so vast, it spreads out through so much of the body, and as you'll learn today, it's connected to so many interesting different brain areas, and has so many interesting different functions that it deserves, well, an entire episode of this podcast. The other great thing about the vagus nerve is it is highly actionable, meaning, what you will learn today, if you already know something about the vagus nerve, is going to change what you know and believe about the vagus nerve. What you hear today will also, if you don't know or you're not familiar with the vagus nerve, is going to educate you on the latest about the vagus nerve. We've learned a lot about the vagus nerve and ways to control the vagus nerve in the last few years. And finally, and perhaps most importantly, the information that you're going to learn today includes actionable tools that will, for instance, allow you to make yourself more alert, when you want to, without the use of pharmacology. It will allow you to calm yourself down quickly, when you want to, on demand and quickly, without the use of pharmacology or devices. And, it will also allow you to alter your mood for the better, and indeed to improve your ability to learn. The vagus nerve is that important. It's involved in that many different things, and the pathways of the vagus nerve, as I mentioned, have been charted in more detail in recent years. And the ways that we can get into the vagus nerve and stimulate its actions in specific ways to achieve those endpoints of improved mood, deeper relaxation, faster relaxation, elevated levels of alertness, and on and on, are now very well understood. So as you can probably tell, I'm extremely excited about today's episode because the vagus nerve is just one of the most fascinating aspects to our nervous system. You have one. I have one. So let's figure out how they work and how to put it to work for the better. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero-cost-to-consumer information about science and science-related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, today's episode does include sponsors. Our first sponsor is LMNT. LMNT is an electrolyte drink that has everything you need, and nothing you don't. That means the electrolytes- sodium, magnesium, and potassium in the correct amounts, but no sugar. Proper hydration is critical for optimal brain and body function. Even a slight degree of dehydration can diminish cognitive and physical performance. It's also important that you get adequate electrolytes. The electrolytes-sodium, magnesium, and potassium are vital for functioning of all the cells in your body, especially your neurons, or your nerve cells. Drinking LMNT dissolved in water makes it very easy to ensure that you're getting adequate hydration and adequate electrolytes. To make sure that I'm getting proper amounts of hydration and electrolytes, I dissolve one packet of LMNT in about 16 to 32 ounces of water when I first wake up in the morning, and I drink that basically first thing in the morning. I'll also drink LMNT dissolved in water during any kind of physical exercise that I'm doing, especially on hot days, when I'm sweating a lot and losing water and electrolytes. LMNT has a bunch of great-tasting flavors. I love the raspberry. I love the citrus flavor. Right now, LMNT has a limited-edition lemonade flavor that is absolutely delicious. I hate to say that I love one more than all the others, but this lemonade flavor is right up there with my favorite other one, which is raspberry or watermelon. Again, I can't pick just one flavor. I love them all. If you'd like to try LMNT, you can go to drinklmnt.com/huberman, spelled drink L-M-N-T.com/huberman, to claim a free LMNT sample pack with a purchase of any LMNT drink mix. Again, that's drinklmnt.com/huberman to claim a free sample pack. Today's episode is also brought to us by Joovv. Joovv makes medical grade red light therapy devices. Now, if there's one thing that I have consistently emphasized on this podcast, it is the incredible impact that light can have on our biology. Now, in addition to sunlight, red light and near infrared light sources have been shown to have positive effects on improving numerous aspects of cellular and organ health, including faster muscle recovery, improved skin health and wound healing, improvements in acne, reduced pain and inflammation, even mitochondrial function, and improving vision itself. What sets Joovv lights apart and why they're my preferred red light therapy device, is that they use clinically proven wavelengths, meaning; specific wavelengths of red light and near-infrared light, in combination to trigger the optimal cellular adaptations. Personally, I use the Joovv Whole Body Panel, about three to four times a week, and I use the Joovv Handheld Light, both at home and when I travel. If you'd like to try Joovv, you can go to Joovv, spelled J-O-O-V-V.com/huberman. Joovv is offering an exclusive discount to all Huberman Lab listeners, with up to $400 off Joovv products. Again, that's Joovv, spelled J-O-O-V-V.com/huberman to get up to $400 off. Okay, let's get familiar with the vagus nerve. The vagus nerve is cranial nerve 10. The vagus nerve is very different than the other cranial nerves because whereas it does have connections with areas on the face, head, and neck and deep to those areas too, so throat, et cetera, it also has connections, or I should say, it receives and provides connections to areas within the body. In fact, it has connections with the head area, the neck area, the chest area, the abdomen, and even a bit lower into the lower intestines. So, the vagus nerve is super extensive in terms of its outputs and its inputs and I'll explain what I mean by outputs and inputs in just a moment. But what's very useful to understand and visualize in your mind a bit, anytime we're talking about the vagus nerve, is we're talking about a nerve of many, many different pathways that both receives and provides information from essentially all areas of the body down to the base of your pelvis. And that stands in stark contrast from the other cranial nerves, which tend to receive information, from restricted areas of the body most typically, the head and neck area, and that tend to provide connections to the head and neck area. The word "vagus" actually translates more or less to 'vagabond', which means 'wandering'. So early neuroanatomists saw that this nerve, cranial nerve 10, had connections to large areas of the body, and head, and neck, and received inputs, from lots of areas of the body, and decided to call it essentially, 'the vagabond nerve' or the 'vagus nerve'. Now, even though the word 'vagabond' means essentially 'wandering', and the word 'wandering' kind of suggests random, there is nothing random about the wiring of the vagus nerve. The vagus nerve is incredibly precise in terms of where it receives information from, and where it provides information to. Now, I want to be very clear what I mean about information, okay? If you're a biologist, you'll probably understand some of this. If you're not, and I have to assume most of you are not, it's still very important that you understand and it's very easy to understand that your nervous system, your brain, spinal cord, and of course, your nervous system includes all these cranial nerves, including the vagus nerve, are carrying different types of information along different pathways. Different neurons or different nerve cells within the vagus nerve, for instance, are receiving or giving different types of information for different purposes. For instance, there is sensory information carried by neurons, nerve cells in your nervous system. Sensory information is the kind of information that for instance, converts light into electrical signals at the level of your eyes, then your eyes are providing information to the brain, about what's out in the visual world. That's sensory information. Same could be said for sound waves. That's sensory information that your auditory system converts to, basically your understanding of speech and sound and music, et cetera. Other neurons control motor functions, literally the movement of your limbs by controlling contraction of your muscles, or the movement of your lips or the closing or opening of your airways, for instance. So, motor information, of course, can be seen on the surface of the body. I'm moving my hands now. I'm moving my mouth. You don't even need to see me do that to know that I'm doing that. But within our body, we have organs that also need motor control, for instance, our gut. Our gut is not just a passive tube, through which food moves. The gut is contracting and relaxing. It's moving food through, from one end to the other, okay? We have our pancreas. We have our liver. We have our spleen. And you might think, "Oh, well, those are sort of vegetative organs. They just kind of sit there. Maybe the cells do stuff, but they don't move much." But actually, your spleen even has a contractile ability, so it can contract to release red blood cells, or immune cells into circulation and so on and so forth. Different organs, including your muscles, but other organs as well, need instructions as to when they should move, when they should contract, when they should relax. So we have sensory information, that's carried by essentially one set of neurons in our nervous system, so; carrying light information, or sound information, or as you'll see in a few minutes, chemical information about the acidity of the gut, for instance. And we have neurons that are considered motor neurons. They control the contraction of muscles, or the contraction of these different organs, or the encouragement for different aspects of the digestive tract, to contract, or relax, to move food along, okay? So we've got sensory neurons and we have motor neurons. And then there are a lot of other neurons as well that we call modulatory neurons that kind of adjust the balance between the sensory information and motor information. We aren't going to talk so much today about modulatory neurons, but they are an important third category of neuron in the nervous system. Now, why am I telling you all this stuff about sensory and motor? Because the vagus nerve is also unique in that it is both a sensory pathway and a motor pathway, and this is something that most discussions about the vagus nerve, in fact, I would say 99% of discussions about the vagus nerve that you see online, or when you hear about forgive me, in your yoga classes... By the way, I'm going to touch on how yoga and ancient yogic practices, actually managed to tease apart some very important functions of the vagus nerve, without knowing any of the underlying mechanisms. But it is the case that most of the time when you hear about the vagus nerve out there in the general world or in the media, it's about the vagus nerve being a calming pathway, that's involved in transmitting information, about the sensory milieu of the body, so, you know, heart rate, acidity of the gut, you know, how comfortable we are in our body, to our brain. And people will say, you want to activate the vagus nerve because you want to calm down. Well, that is true, but that is just one small fraction of the functions of the vagus nerve. Why? Because the vagus nerve includes both sensory and motor neurons within it. And, while it is true that a ton of sensory information is coursing up from the organs of the body, into the brain, through what we call the vagus nerve, there's also motor information coming from the brain to the body. So, if we are going to have an accurate, meaningful, actionable conversation it's very important that you know, that the vagus nerve contains sensory neurons, as well as motor neurons. And I want to be clear that I'm not just telling you about sensory versus motor neurons, in the vagus nerve, to just overload you with nomenclature. Turns out that if you want to access the calming aspects of vagus nerve activation, versus the energizing effects of vagus nerve activation, versus the immune enhancing effects of vagus nerve activation, versus the ways that you can improve learning using vagus nerve activation, you need to know whether or not you're trying to activate a sensory pathway, or a motor pathway, within this vast set of connections that we call the vagus nerve. Okay, so I want to just briefly describe the sensory pathways, within the vagus nerve. And by the way, if you're a yoga teacher, if you are a therapist, if you are a teacher, if you are a human being on Earth, this information is going to be very useful to you, because this is the information that will allow you to understand why it is that when your body is in a certain comfortable or uncomfortable state, it has a particular effect on your mind and your brain to feel, well, in general, comfortable or uncomfortable. Your vagus nerve includes very interesting and kind of unusually shaped neurons. Okay. The neurons of the vagus nerve are not like the ones that you see in the typical picture, if you were to look up neuron online. If you were to look up neuron online, what you would find is you'd see a picture of what's called a cell body, where the nucleus, the DNA is. You'd see what are called dendrites, which typically are the area where neurons receive input, and then you'd see the wire-like extension that we call the axon; out to the area that that neuron communicates with; and then you might see a little picture of some little blobs or what we call vesicles, being released at the end of that axon. That is not at all what vagal nerve neurons look like. Some of them do, but the vast majority, about 85% of the neurons in the vagus nerve, have a cell body with that DNA, with the nucleus in it, sitting in an area kind of near your neck and back of your head, sort of, what we call the brain stem, and it's called the 'nodose ganglion'. Now, the nodose ganglion's a collection of cell bodies of neurons, so you can think of it kind of like a cluster of grapes, and they do indeed have an axon extending from them, a wire that goes out to the body, okay? That wire looks for all the world, like the axons on any other neurons, and that little axon can be very short if it terminates, as we say, in an area of the neck. It can be slightly longer, if it terminates in the chest area, and even longer if it goes to what we call our viscera, our lungs, our pancreas, our liver, down to any number of different organs, within our major abdominal body compartment, okay? You also see an axon, a little wire, from a vagal sensory neuron, out to the spleen. Now, what I just described, a cell body, with an axon extending from it, out to the organs of the body, different organs of the body, tend to be innervated by different neurons, not always, but in general. But here's what's different about these vagal neurons. These vagal neurons have another axon, that goes from their cell body, so they're what we call a bipolar neuron. They have another axon that extends up into the brain stem, and terminates in generally one of three different, what we call brain stem nuclei, which are just areas of the brain stem. So this is very important to embed in your mind, right, because in reality, embedded in your head and neck, or in your brain and neck, are these neurons, which are kind of like a cluster of grapes that have... Each one is going to have two branches, one that goes out to a particular organ of the body and another branch that goes up into your brain stem. Now, this visual understanding, which hopefully is starting to take place in your mind, is extremely important to understand how 85% of the vagus nerve works. 85% of the vagus nerve works, by having these neurons that have axons in, say, the spleen, or around the lungs, or that innervate the heart, or that innervate any number of different organs in your body, and they collect sensory information about what's going on in each and every one of those organs. That information goes up the axon. Remember, there's the cell bodies in the nodose ganglion, and then it goes further up, past the cell body, into the brain stem. Okay? So when people talk about the vagus nerve, cranial nerve 10, as being a sensory pathway, it is mostly a sensory pathway. It's collecting information through these axons. Why is that weird? Well, it's not weird, but it's different than the way we normally talk about neurons where the axon is the output end, right, where it's dumping stuff onto the next neuron, to make things happen. The neurons in the nodose ganglion of the vagus nerve, I know that's a lot of language, but these neurons that send an axon branch out to the organs of the body, are collecting information about what's happening, what sensory information is occurring out at those organs, and that information goes up those wires, past the cell body, and into the brain stem, and then that's communicated to the brain. So basically, we can think of 85% of the vagus nerve, this huge superhighway, from the body to the brain, as being sensory. And when we talk about sensory, it's important that you understand that two types of sensory information are coming in through these wires, through these axons, and that are delivered to the brain, and in response to that sensory information as you'll soon learn, Your brain will change its levels of alertness. Sometimes it gets more alert. Sometimes it gets calmer. Sometimes it primes you to learn better. Sometimes it will turn on a fever, right? It will literally heat up your entire body, based on what those axons are sensing out in the periphery. The periphery of course being the organs and tissues of your body, outside your brain and spinal cord. So I realize that's a bit of neuroanatomy. For those of you that aren't familiar with neuroanatomy, it might seem like an overwhelming amount of neuroanatomy, but it's extremely important to have that idea, in your mind of sensory information, flowing up into the brain, from your organs because anatomically speaking and functionally speaking, it runs exactly opposite to how we typically see neurons, when they're drawn in diagrams for us, and how we talk about neurons, as just putting stuff out at the level of the axon, at the end of those wires. Information's coming up those wires, in the case of the vagus. Okay, so whereas for the visual system, or the auditory system, or for the smell system, or the taste system, typically, we have one type of sensory information coming in. So for instance,in the visual system, light, photons of energy are converted into electrical signals that the rest of the visual system unpacks, to give you visual perceptions to control your circadian rhythms. Or in the case of the auditory system, you have sound waves, which are transduced by this beautiful mechanism of your inner ear, that then gets converted into your understanding of speech or music, et cetera. In the case of the sensory information coming from your organs, from your lungs, from your gut... And by the way, your gut- when I say that, I don't just mean your stomach. I also mean the large and small intestine, and all the stuff above your stomach as well. The sensory information that's coming from the body includes both chemical information and mechanical information. Now, the mechanical information is pretty straightforward to understand. If your gut is full of food or air or water and it's very distended, you can feel that. The reason you can feel that is because you have mechanoreceptors that sense stretch in the lining of the gut, and send that information by way of those axons up to and past the nodose ganglion. There's some processing of that information in the nodose ganglion, but then it goes up and into your brain stem, okay? Now, also within the gut, you have chemical information. There's information about for instance, and we'll talk more about this later, how much serotonin is in the gut. You may have heard that 90% of the serotonin in your body is manufactured in the gut. And indeed, it's manufactured in your gut. It plays an important role in gut motility and gut health. The serotonin in your gut is distinct from the serotonin released in your brain. Later, we'll talk about how the levels of serotonin in your gut are conveyed to the brain by way of, you guessed it, the vagus nerve, and your brain in turn, makes different levels of serotonin to impact your mood. Super interesting, super important pathway, has relevance for depression, and just for everyday mood and well-being. We'll talk about it. It's a highly actionable pathway. Super cool. So you have mechanical information and you have chemical information coming from, for instance, your gut, up through the sensory, in the technical nomenclature, it's called afferents. Afferents is a technical language- feel free to ignore this, but for those of you that want to know, you aficionados already know this, the afferents are the inputs to a structure; efferents are the inputs from a structure. But, what we've got in the case of the gut, is mechanical and chemical information being sensed, by different neurons with different receptors, that pay attention to different things. Meaning, those receptors are activated by either mechanical stretch or by the presence or absence of particular chemicals in the gut, how acidic the gut is, and that information goes up, processed a bit in the nodose ganglion, and then relayed up to the brain stem, and we'll talk in a moment, about what happens to that information, after it lands in the brain stem. Now, chemical and mechanical information is also being conveyed from other structures in the body. You can probably imagine what some of these are, and we don't have to go through each and every one, but as one additional example to the gut, I'll just use, for instance, the lungs. When your lungs expand and contract as you breathe, that information is relayed up through and past the nodose ganglion, and up into the brain stem. And as you can imagine, your lungs, because you're inhaling oxygen and you're also offloading carbon dioxide, your lungs are expanding and contracting. Your lungs are also communicating mechanical and chemical oxygen-carbon dioxide ratio information up to the brain. Now, if we wanted to, we could explore and discuss every single organ of your body that gets axon input from the vagus nerve, and therefore, can carry sensory information up the vagus. And again, there's going to be information about the chemical environment and the mechanical status of each of those organs, carried up to your brain stem. We're not going to do that now for sake of time, but it's very important that you now take a step back, and you realize - "Hmm, I understand what sensory information is. I understand, that it's different than motor information. It's carried by different neurons in the nervous system. The vagus nerve has both sensory and motor neurons. The sensory neurons are collecting information from all these bodily organs. And by the way, those bodily organs don't just stop at the level of the lungs. It includes the heart, it includes some stuff that's happening in the neck, some of the muscles that are controlling the constriction of the airways. We'll get into this a little bit more in a few minutes. But, you now also know that when we talk about collecting sensory information from the body and sending it to the brain by these vagal pathways that the types of sensory information include both chemical And the reason that's important is not just academic and intellectual, it's not just to fill the airspace with nomenclature, it's because, if you're going to think about ways to change the activity of the vagus system, the ways to, for instance, calm down or the ways to improve your immune system function or to improve your mood in the short and long term, you need to ask yourself, "Am I going to do that through a mechanical change, or am I going to do that, by making a change to the chemical milieu of a given organ or set of organs?" So to drive the point I just made home, let's take an example that we see a lot out there, which is that if you want to increase the activity of your vagus nerve, you want to calm down. Why am I saying calm down? I neglected to say earlier that by the way, every medical student and pre-med student should know... which is that cranial nerve 10, is classified as a 'parasympathetic nerve'. Parasympathetic refers to one branch of the so-called autonomic nervous system. The autonomic nervous system controls your levels of alertness and your levels of calm. It has two major branches. One branch is called the 'sympathetic nervous system', has nothing to do with emotional sympathy. The sympathetic nervous system is generally responsible for increasing our levels of alertness, everything from being alert, like I am now, all the way up to full-blown panic attack, which fortunately I'm not right now. The parasympathetic nervous system is often referred to as the 'rest and digest system'. And indeed, it has roles in rest and digestion, but it controls a lot more than just that. The parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system controls, for instance, digestion. It controls our ability to fall asleep at night. If the parasympathetic nervous system is overly activated, it can make us sleepy when we don't want to be sleepy. It can make us pass out when we don't want to pass out. It can be responsible for putting people into a state of coma. So it's not good to think about the sympathetic nervous system, simply as fight or flight, how it's often referred to, because it's also responsible for generating healthy, wakeful, non-anxious, non-stressed levels of alertness, as well as stressed-out, panicked states. And the parasympathetic nervous system is responsible for putting us into a calm and relaxed state or a deep sleep state, or a coma state, if it were to be hyperactivated. The autonomic nervous system is a seesaw, where the levels of alertness and calm that we experience at any one moment, reflect the relative balance of sympathetic nervous system and parasympathetic nervous system activity. They're sort of in a push-pull with one another. Increase the parasympathetic nervous system activity a little bit, you get a bit calmer. Increase the sympathetic nervous you get a bit more alert. But they're always both active. The vagus nerve is classified as a parasympathetic nerve. However, it's a bit of a misnomer because, as you'll soon realize, there are pathways within the vagus nerve that, were you to activate these pathways within the vagus nerve, you would become more alert, not less alert. This is one of the things that I'm hoping to dispel through the course of this episode, which is this very common myth out there. It's almost pervasive that when you activate the vagus nerve, you're going to calm down. It is simply not true, okay? There are instances where that is true. There are instances where the opposite is true, depending on which branch of the vagus nerve you happen to activate or suppress. One example however, where activating a particular branch of the vagus nerve, does indeed lead to more relaxation, is the branch of the vagus nerve that, again, is sensory, okay? So it's taking information about mechanical phenomenon, in this case pressure, or touch, and it's sending that information down into the brain stem areas that are going to interpret that information. This branch of the vagus nerve that is carrying sensory information, doesn't come from the viscera or the neck. It comes from the head, and it's the branch of the vagus nerve that essentially goes behind the ear and in some of the deeper components of the ear. Remember they tell you, don't put anything into your ear that's smaller than your elbow? Well, I'm breaking that rule right now, and I'm putting my index finger into my ear, and kind of rubbing in a circular way, the kind of, the area right outside the hole of the ear. There's a branch of the vagus nerve there. There's also as I mentioned, a branch of the vagus nerve behind the ear. And were you to rub behind the ear just gently or you know with a little bit of pressure indeed you're going to activate that branch of the vagus nerve. That branch of the vagus nerve is so that mechanical pressure is being conveyed into the brain stem. And indeed, that pathway satisfies all the criteria of being a parasympathetic or calming-inducing pathway. Now, you can find all over the internet that you know rubbing behind the ears is really going to calm us down, and really bring our level of overall autonomic arousal way, way down. In reality, it doesn't bring our overall level of autonomic arousal way, way down. It brings our level of autonomic arousal down a bit, depending on how active our sympathetic nervous system happens to be. Why do I tell you this? Well, I'm not trying to rain on any parties out there, but the truth is, if you're super stressed, if you're in a panic attack, rubbing behind your ears might help a little bit, but it's not going to suddenly bring you into a state of calm. Soon we're going to talk about things that can bring you into a state of calm very fast, and I will explain exactly how they work and why they work so quickly and why they are so robust. I don't want to be disparaging of the area behind the ear or the area within their ear. Some people really like their ears rubbed. I certainly like the area behind my ears rubbed, like I'm doing now, or the areas within my ears gently rubbed. Who doesn't like that? And indeed, it's calming. But it's one minor branch of the vagus nerve carrying sensory information. It's not going to suddenly shift your autonomic nervous system. It's not going to suddenly tilt that seesaw into parasympathetic dominance, as it were. To do that, you need to leverage some of the other, more robust branches of the vagus nerve, and I'll teach you how to do that in just a moment here. The point is that the vagus nerve does carry sort of classic parasympathetic information. If you're asked on an exam, students, med students, I don't want to be responsible for you getting this wrong. I'd love to be responsible for you getting it right. I teach neuroanatomy to medical students. If you are asked, "Is cranial nerve 10, the vagus nerve, parasympathetic or sympathetic?" You should answer, "Parasympathetic." If you're asked if it's sensory or motor, you should say, "It's mixed. It's both." So it's mixed, parasympathetic. However, for everybody out there, med student or not, just understand that when you activate certain branches of the vagus nerve, you're either going to get an elevation in alertness, that is, an increase in sympathetic nervous system activity, or a decrease in alertness, that is, an elevation in parasympathetic activity, depending on which branch you activate and the context matters. So, if you want to relax, you can rub behind your ears. You can rub inside your ears. If you have permission, you can do that to the person next to you if they like it. But it's not the case that activating any branch of the vagus nerve is going to calm us down. That's simply not the case, and in a moment, I'll tell you why. I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our sponsor, AG1. AG1 is a vitamin mineral probiotic drink that also includes prebiotics and adaptogens. As somebody who's been involved in research science for almost three decades and in health and fitness for equally as long, I'm constantly looking for the best tools to improve my mental health, physical health, and performance. I discovered AG1 back in 2012, long before I ever had a podcast, and I've been taking it every day since. I find it improves all aspects of my health, my energy, my focus, and I simply feel much better when I take it. AG1 uses the highest quality ingredients in the right combinations, and they're constantly improving their formulas without increasing the cost. In fact, AG1 just launched their latest formula upgrade. This next gen formula is based on exciting new research on the effects of probiotics on the gut microbiome, and it now includes several clinically studied probiotic strains shown to support both digestive health and immune system health, as well as to improve bowel regularity, and to reduce bloating. Whenever I'm asked if I could take just one supplement, what that supplement would be, I always say AG1. If you'd like to try AG1, you can go to drinkag1.com/huberman. For a limited time, AG1 is giving away a free one-month supply of omega-3 fish oil, along with a bottle of vitamin D3 plus K2. As I've highlighted before on this podcast, omega-3 fish oil and vitamin D3/K2 have been shown to help with everything from mood and brain health to heart health, to healthy hormone status, and much more. Again, that's drinkag1.com/huberman to get a free one-month supply plus a bottle of vitamin D3 plus K2 with your subscription. brought to us by ROKA. I'm excited to share that ROKA and I recently teamed up to create a new pair of red lens glasses. These red lens glasses are meant to be worn in the evening after the sun goes down. They filter out short-wavelength light that comes from screens, and from LED lights, which are the most common indoor lighting nowadays. I want to emphasize that ROKA red lens glasses are not traditional blue blockers. They do filter out blue light, but they filter out a lot more than just blue light. In fact, they filter out the full range of short-wavelength light that suppresses the hormone melatonin. By the way, you want melatonin high in the evening and at night. It makes it easy to fall and stay asleep. And those short-wavelengths trigger increases in cortisol. Increases in cortisol are great in the early part of the day, but you do not want increases in cortisol These ROKA red lens glasses ensure normal, healthy increases in melatonin, and that your cortisol levels stay low, which is, again, what you want in the evening and at night. In doing so, these ROKA red lens glasses really help you calm down and improve your transition to sleep. ROKA red lens glasses also look great. They have a ton of different frames to select from, and you can wear them out to dinner or concerts, and you can still see things. I don't recommend you wear them while driving, just for safety purposes, but if you're out to dinner, you're at a concert, you're at a friend's house, or you're just at home, pop those ROKA red lens glasses on, and you'll really notice the difference in terms of your levels of calm, and all the sleep stuff that I mentioned earlier. So, it really is possible to support your biology, be scientific about it, and remain social at the same time, if you like. If you'd like to try ROKA, go to roka.com, that's R-O-K-A.com, and enter the code "HUBERMAN" to save 20% off your first order. Again, that's roka.com and enter the code "HUBERMAN" at checkout. Okay, so we've talked about all the sensory information coming in from behind the ear, from deep in the ear, from the body, coursing up past nodose ganglion into the brainstem. I told you earlier, and it's still true now, that 85% of the vagus nerve pathways are sensory in nature, carrying chemical So, what about this other 15% of the vagus nerve that is not carrying sensory information from the body, from the head into these brainstem nuclei? By the way, when I say brainstem nuclei, I don't mean nuclei in the context of one neuron. This can be a little bit confusing, but when we hear about the nucleus of a neuron, we mean the area that generally contains the DNA, and we're distinguishing it from the axon and the other parts. These neuroanatomists should have been more creative, but when we're hearing about a nucleus in the brain, it means a collection of different neurons, so a big group of neurons. So, when I say brainstem nuclei, I mean a lot of neurons, thousands of neurons in little clumps there that we call nuclei. So, the vagus nerve includes different nuclei, different collections of neurons, and these neurons have what we call efferents, outputs to, as you might have guessed, the body, back to the various organs of the body. They also have connections to things within the head and face area, but for the time being, I'm mostly going to talk about the motor outputs of the vagus nerve that come from these brainstem nuclei. So, these motor outputs are not themselves paying attention to mechanical or chemical information. They are going to control the organs of the body. This is extremely important if you want to be able to understand and leverage your vagus nerve for health and well-being, mental health, physical health, performance, and even for accelerated learning. I guess that would fall under performance, or for recovery from different diseases. There are really nice papers starting to emerge, that if you can selectively activate these motor pathways, you can accelerate and increase the recovery from stroke. So, this is of serious significance. But for those of us that fortunately don't have strokes, it's still of serious significance. And in fact, right now, I'm going to tell you about an actionable tool whereby you can leverage one of these motor pathways to a very specific endpoint anytime you want. So, let's talk about how you can leverage these motor pathways of the vagus in order to what's called 'autoregulate.' Autoregulation is not just a fancy word for calming down. We are going to talk about calming down, but autoregulation is the way in which your vagus nerve makes sure that that seesaw of sympathetic nervous system to parasympathetic nervous system balance doesn't get tilted too far to the side of sympathetic nervous system activation, that your levels of alertness, your heart rate, your breathing rate, et cetera, don't get too high. And the reason that it's called 'autoregulation' and not just 'calming down,' is that autoregulation is something that's always happening in the background as you're going about your daily activities. In fact, it's also happening while you sleep. In fact, now we're going to talk about things that you can do deliberately to indeed calm down, but to also increase the amount of autoregulation that occurs during your entire day when you're not focusing on doing these particular protocols, as well as during sleep. And that will result in elevated what's called 'HRV,' or Heart Rate Variability. Now, I realize that's a tall order, but what we're going to do is we're going to step through this first by focusing on the protocol. And then now that you're familiar with all the business about sensory and motor and para, et cetera, now that you have all of that science and nomenclature in mind, it will all make perfect sense as I describe this protocol for autoregulation, and improving HRV, and all the protocols that follow. Okay, so embedded in your brain, and in your vagal nerve pathways, and in your body, you have an incredible neural circuit. This neural circuit is one that you are born with, and it's one that you will have your entire life. This is also a pathway that you want to keep tuned up, that is, that you'll want to make sure is activated on a pretty frequent basis, and it's super easy to do as you'll soon see, so that the pathway does not deteriorate. This is a pathway that originates in an area of your brain called the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Now, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, by the way, it's the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in particular, sort of on the left upper part of the front of your skull. If you were to go deep to that area, you would be on the left; dorsal, top; lateral, side; prefrontal cortex, kind of toward the front, right behind your forehead, okay? Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex sits deep to that area. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has outputs to a couple of other brain areas called the cingulate, called the insula. You don't have to worry about those names unless you're really interested in them. Those areas have communication with one of the brainstem nuclei, one of those brainstem areas that gets input from the sensory pathways from the head, of the vagus, and that also contains neurons that have motor output to particular areas of your body. And that brain area, and you're going to love this, is called 'nucleus ambiguus.' I kid you not. It's called 'nucleus ambiguus.' Nucleus ambiguus contains some neurons that project down to what's called the sinoatrial node of the heart, and those neurons are responsible for deceleration of heart rate. And it turns out that you can selectively activate those neurons, in no small part, because they receive input, albeit several synapses away, from the left dorsolateral because the prefrontal cortex is involved in deliberate action, in planning and execution of action. It doesn't do it alone. It does it through communication with some other brain structures. But if you, for instance, decide that you're going to activate this deceleration pathway, you can do it. The beautiful thing is that these neurons that also control deceleration of heart rate are active in the background. They're under autonomic control, but you can take control of them. When does that happen? Well, for instance, in sleep, if your heart rate starts to increase, these decelerating neurons, which are neurons of the vagus nerve, they're motor output neurons. They release acetylcholine, and they act on the sinoatrial node, which is a node within the heart that controls heart rate to slow your heart rate down, okay? This is the way in which your heart rate never gets too high. The seesaw that is the autonomic nervous system is kind of weighted to the sympathetic nervous system side. A simple example of this, is if you have to stay awake, you can probably do it. At some point, you'll fall asleep. But if you really want to fall asleep, it's harder to make yourself fall asleep. is one that we can more easily leverage in order to push through things, deadlines, stay up to take care of a sick relative, push ourselves to migrate out from a dangerous place or away from a famine, another example of a dangerous place, I guess. The idea here is that the sympathetic nervous system has kind of a bias towards activity. And in fact, your heart rate is driven by the sympathetic nervous system, and that heart rate would continue to accelerate unless there was this deceleration pathway that every once in a while would pump the brake on heart rate. And that's what this vagal pathway from nucleus ambiguus, down to the sinoatrial node is doing. this deceleration of heart rate that goes from the vagus motor pathway to the sinoatrial node, is the basis of what's called 'HRV,' We hear a lot nowadays about Heart Rate Variability. For those of you that have heard of it and for those of you that haven't, having a higher HRV or Heart Rate Variability is a good thing, right? Normally, if you hear something like Heart Rate Variability, it sounds like a bad thing. Turns out it's a great thing. Heart Rate Variability is essentially the distance or the time, rather, between beats of the heart. So, you might think that it's great to have a really consistent heart rate, "boom, doom." Or actually, in reality, it's more like, "doo-doom, doo-doom," and I'm missing some of the beats within the waveform, but you get the idea. But actually, it's well-known to be correlated with a number of positive health outcomes, including things related to brain, and body, and longevity, and performance to have high Heart Rate Variability. Heart Rate Variability is going to lead to a pattern of heartbeats that is more like, "doom-doom-doom-doom, doom, doom, doom, doom-doom-doom, doom-doom." Now, you might say, "That's arrhythmia." Ah, but there are cases of arrhythmia that are good, and there are cases of arrhythmia that are bad. Higher HRV in general, is a good thing. You want it during sleep, and you want it during wakeful states. In sleep, Heart Rate Variability comes about because this vagal pathway so the cell bodies, the nuclei, literally the DNA within those nuclei of those neurons that reside in nucleus ambiguus, project to the sinoatrial node. And every once in a while, they'll just pump the brake on heart rate and slow heart rate down, and then they'll come off that brake. Slow it down, come off heart rate. And here's the really beautiful part, and the way that you get actionable leverage over the system. The control by the vagus nerve of the sinoatrial node and heart rate is coordinated with your breathing. Now, as I tell you this, it'll make perfect sense, but I just want you to step back for a minute, a second, and realize that these systems of the body are so elegantly coordinated, and here's how it works with respect to heart rate and breathing. When you inhale air, of course, your lungs expand. You have a muscle that sits below your lungs called the diaphragm. As you inhale air, of course, that diaphragm moves down. Now, as your diaphragm moves down and your lungs expand, your heart literally has a bit more space in the thoracic cavity to expand. Okay, it's not going to swell massively, but it's going to expand. Now, as a consequence of that expansion, the blood that's moving through your heart is going to move a little bit more slowly per unit volume. That is sensed by a particular group of neurons in your heart, and that sends a signal to your sympathetic nervous system to speed your heart rate up. Put differently, inhaling speeds your heart rate up. Now, the converse is also true. When you exhale, your lungs deflate. Your diaphragm moves up, and as a consequence, there's slightly less space for the heart. So, the heart shrinks a little bit, not a ton, but it's enough such that whatever blood is in the heart moves through more quickly That faster movement is sensed by neurons within the heart, sends a signal to the brain, and the brain activates those neurons within nucleus ambiguus, and very quickly sends a signal to the sinoatrial node to slow your heart rate down. exhales slow your heart rate down, and they do so by way of vagal control over the sinoatrial node. This is the deceleration pathway over heart rate. So, as I mentioned, this is happening all the time during sleep. You don't have to be consciously aware for this to happen. It's a fortunate consequence of nature that the neurons within your brainstem that control breathing, and the neurons within your brainstem that control heart rate, and the other neurons within the heart itself that control heart rate, the pacemaker cells, all can function without you having to think about it. That's a wonderful thing for obvious reasons. It's also the case that because we have this input prefrontal cortex down through a couple other structures like the cingulate, and the insula, and that converge on nucleus ambiguus, if you decide to slow your heart rate down, And you do so by doing a deliberate exhale, and/or by increasing the intensity or the duration of your exhale. So, you can do that right now. If you want to slow your heart rate down, that is, if you want to increase parasympathetic nervous system activity, and you want to calm down fast, you can literally just... [exhales] Exhales slow your heart rate down, and exhales tilt that seesaw that is more toward the parasympathetic side. Now, I've talked before on this podcast, and all over social media about the so-called physiological sigh, a naturally occurring form of breathing that occurs in sleep, and that we can deliberately do anytime we want to calm down fast. And the physiological sigh consists of, as many of you know, two inhales through the nose, followed by a long, until lungs empty, exhale through the mouth. Typically, the first inhale is longer. Again, it's done through the nose. The second inhale is shorter, kind of a sharp inhale to make sure you maximally inflate all of the little sacs within your lungs. And then the exhale is a long, slow exhale that dumps all of your air. I'll just demonstrate the physiological sigh for you, for those of you that haven't seen it. You, again, big inhale through the nose, second sharp inhale through the nose the lungs, and then long exhale until lungs empty. It goes like this. [inhales and exhales slowly] Okay, lungs are empty. That is indeed the fastest way to activate the parasympathetic nervous system, and to tilt that seesaw from levels of high sympathetic nervous system activation, to lower levels of sympathetic nervous system activation. In fact, I immediately feel calmer. Maybe you can even hear it in my voice. So, when you do a physiological effect, you're getting both a chemical signal into the brain, that is, the adjustment of that carbon dioxide-oxygen ratio. It's mainly due to the offloading of carbon dioxide. That lower level of carbon dioxide is registered by the brain very quickly, and leads to an increase in calm. The deceleration of heart rate driven by the exhale is also registered by the brain very quickly, When you just emphasize an exhale, meaning you extend it, or you make it more intense, and you don't do the two inhales first, that is, you don't do the physiological sigh, well, you get the mechanical signal, but you don't get the chemical signal, at least not to the same degree you do with the physiological sigh. Put simply, if you want to calm down fast, ideally you do the physiological sigh. However, it turns out that one of the best ways to improve your HRV, both in sleep and in wakeful states, which takes a very minimum of effort and is rarely, if ever, discussed, is simply throughout the day, I would say 10, 15, or maybe even 20 times per day, any time it occurs to you, to just deliberately extend your exhale, that is, to pump the brake on your heart rate through the vagus nerve pathway that I've been describing, just [exhales] exhale. Slow your heart rate down, and then get about your normal routine. You can do that essentially anytime you remember to. This is literally going to increase your HRV. You now know the mechanism by which it does that. And get this. It will also increase your HRV in sleep at night. And the reason is that this pathway that originates with the left dorsolateral and goes down to nucleus ambiguus, and then to the sinoatrial node of the heart, because it's under conscious control, and because it's subject to what we call plasticity, to strengthening and to weakening, that is, if you use it deliberately, it gets strengthened. If you don't use it deliberately, it gets weakened. Well, that's a great thing because it means that if you just simply remember to do some extended exhales throughout the day, you're going to strengthen this pathway such that it operates in the background through autoregulation without you ever having to think about it. Now, of course, that effect wears off over time if you don't occasionally remember to just do some [exhales] longer exhales. But this is a wonderful protocol, in my opinion, because it capitalizes on an inborn circuit, right? A circuit that you were born with that is already installed, that you can use at any point; it doesn't take any learning. But that if you just ping every once in a while with some extended exhales it takes essentially no time. You get the benefit of feeling a little bit calmer, slowing your heart rate down. And your HRV, which is correlated with a host of positive health outcomes in the short and long term, will increase. Two interesting things everyone should be aware of, is that as we age, of course, a number of things happen. Memory gets slightly to much poorer, all right? There are ways to offset that. Heart Rate Variability gets much worse. Now, an interesting finding from Nolan Williams' lab at Stanford, is that if you activate using what's called transcranial magnetic stimulation... This is a procedure where you take a stimulator, and you non-invasively place it on the skull outside and just above dorsolateral and you stimulate through the skull dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. You observe, as you would expect, a deceleration of heart rate. And it's known to be carried through this vagal pathway, to the sinoatrial node. Even after the stimulation is removed, you find that Heart Rate Variability increases because this pathway has been stimulated into neural plasticity. It's strengthened. The other way to strengthen this pathway is to do exactly what I just described, to deliberately engage this long exhale mechanism at various times throughout the day. Now, if you miss a day, is the pathway going to atrophy? No. If you do it 50 times a day, is it going to strengthen more than if you do it one time per day? Yes. Do we know the exact thresholds of how many times per day you should be doing these deliberate exhales in order to keep this pathway robust? No, unfortunately, we do not. However, we do know that in human patients that suffer atrophy of the dorsolateral that's associated with normal aging, or with accelerated atrophy of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, or lesions of dorsolateral that tend to occur in older people who get strokes, or just associated with the normal aging process, heart rate variability declines with age. And it is now thought that Heart Rate Variability declines with age, of course, in part through lower levels of physical activity because there are, of course, certain forms of physical activity, like high intensity interval training, to keep that Heart Rate Variability elevated over time using exercise. But it's also true that if this pathway degenerates, you see a decrease in Heart Rate Variability. If you keep this pathway engaged by behaviorally and deliberately doing these long exhales, or if you take the more robust approach of transcranial magnetic stimulation, something that most people unfortunately won't have the opportunity to do, although maybe in the future, there will be commercial devices that will allow us to do this, you can keep Heart Rate Variability higher as you age, which, as I mentioned before, is correlated with a number of different positive health outcomes. So, these pathways by which we can tap into deliberate activation of this vagal control over the sinoatrial node are not just incidental. They turn out to be central to the aging process. to countering the aging process, and you now know that you have some agency and control over them. So, earlier, I was talking about how, despite the fact that the vagus nerve is classified as a parasympathetic nerve, that it also can be alerting. It can increase levels of sympathetic nervous system activity, and that runs counter to the concept of parasympathetic, which is always labeled as rest and digest. I'm now going to tell you a tool that you can use when you're feeling less than energized, less than motivated, and when you need to exercise and you don't feel like doing it, and when you want to leverage exercise as a way to improve brain function and plasticity. It all involves the vagus nerve, and it involves an aspect that very few people are aware of, but in my opinion, is one of the coolest aspects of the vagus nerve. It's at least as cool as vagal control over Heart Rate Variability and autoregulation. And it goes like this: there's a beautiful set of findings from a guy named Peter Strick at the University of Pittsburgh, who used these really cool methods for tracing connections between the brain and body to ask the question, "What areas of the brain are communicating with our adrenal glands?" Our adrenal glands are two glands that sit atop your two different kidneys, so one on top of each kidney, and release, as the name suggests, adrenaline. Adrenaline is also called epinephrine. Your adrenal glands also release cortisol. But for sake of this discussion, let's just think about adrenaline released from your adrenals. What he found, through a bunch of experiments done in non-human primates, and that seemed to correspond very well to what we observe in humans as well, is that there are three general groups of brain areas. Motor activation areas, so what we call upper motor neurons. So, these are the neurons in the brain that control the lower motor neurons in the spinal cord that control the muscles of the body, as well as neurons within our brain that are involved in cognition and planning, and areas of the brain that are involved in emotion, that can communicate with the adrenals, and cause them to release adrenaline. Now, that's great, but it sort of points to a pathway whereby, okay, you know that you should exercise, you tell yourself that you should exercise, you're emotional about it, and your adrenals release adrenaline, and you exercise. Now, that's interesting. But what is perhaps far more interesting, is that the data from Strick Lab, and other labs as well, shows that when we move the large muscles of our body, the adrenals release adrenaline, epinephrine. Now, epinephrine has an activating sympathetic nervous system stimulatory effect, right? It tends to make the tissues of the body that are associated with movement, and with so-called fight or flight... Although again, fight or flight is kind of an extreme example, it tends to activate the organs of the body, and make them more likely to be active. It increases the probability that movement will occur, overall body movement. So, when we move the large muscles of our body, our legs, and in particular our trunk muscles, we release adrenaline. That adrenaline activates the organs of our body, and further makes it likely that we're going to move our musculature more. But get this, adrenaline, epinephrine, doesn't cross the blood-brain barrier. So, how does it increase our level of alertness in our brain, right? You don't want your body to be super active, and your brain to be kind of sleepy. That's not good. That's not adaptive. It turns out that when the adrenals release adrenaline, it binds to receptors on the vagus nerve itself, those sensory axons that extend into the body. There are receptors on those wires, right? Not all of the receptors are at one end or the other. They're also on those axons. The adrenaline binds to the receptors on those axons, and the vagus nerve in turn releases glutamate, an excitatory neurotransmitter, in a structure in the brain called the nucleus tractus solitarius. The neurons, in what I'm just going to call the NTS for simplicity, in turn activate neurons in a brain structure called the locus coeruleus. The locus coeruleus contains neurons that release what's called norepinephrine. And the neurons of locus coeruleus send their axons out very extensively across the brain, in kind of a sprinkler-system-like organization, such that, when you move the large musculature of your body, you release adrenaline. the tissues of your body, makes them more likely to move, and also binds to receptors on the vagus. The vagus nerve in turn in the NTS. The NTS then passes off that excitatory signal like a bucket brigade off to the locus coeruleus. The locus coeruleus dumps a bunch of norepinephrine into the brain, and increases your levels of alertness. What this means, is that the vagus nerve is central to the process of using physical activity to make your brain more alert. And we know that activation of locus coeruleus makes the brain areas that are involved in motivation, and the propensity to move more, higher in levels of activity. In other words, if you're not feeling motivated to exercise, or you're not feeling alert enough, movement of the body that includes the legs especially, the large muscles of the legs, the quadriceps, hamstrings, et cetera, as well as the trunk muscles of the body, stimulate this pathway in a kind of domino effect that makes the likelihood, and, believe it or not, the desire to move, much more likely. This, I've personally found, to be an immensely useful piece of information because sure, I knew that sometimes I would go to the gym, or I'd head out on a run and I wasn't feeling motivated, or I'd sit down to do some work and I'd feel kind of sleepy I'd slept pretty well the night before, and eaten just fine, and the room wasn't too warm, et cetera, and I'd feel kind of lethargic. I would think, "What's going on here?" And yes, I had the experience of sometimes doing a bit of a warmup, maybe some light calisthenics, maybe a few warm-up sets, or jogging for a little while, and then finding that my levels of alertness increased. But I've also had just as often, the experience of not feeling that motivation for physical activity, or for cognitive activity come online, especially if I wasn't extremely interested in that activity, or that thing that I was supposed to learn. It's very easy to be excited when we want to do the activity, or we want to learn the thing that we're supposed to be learning at a given moment, or reading at a given moment. This pathway is immensely useful to understand, because it explains why it is that, even when you're not feeling motivated, if you do some activity that, yes, is preceded by a bit of a warmup, so maybe, I don't know, you do some light calisthenics, or you go on the treadmill for a few minutes, walking, then maybe a little bit faster, that it can increase your levels of alertness and motivation. But it especially explains how, if you put in some effort that at the moment feels like a big exertion, your entire body and brain state shifts in a way that levels of motivation and energy to do more physical work, or more cognitive work, or both, increase dramatically. And these are not small effects when they've been measured. In fact, for all of the talk that's out there in kind of pop psychology, and in kind of pop neuroscience about the vagus being a calming pathway, all the neurophysiologists out there, and I know there aren't very many, but I'm friends with a lot of neurophysiologists, and they'll all tell you that if they're doing a surgery, or they're doing some sort of brain recording, and the animal or person that they're doing the brain recording from is starting to drop into a state of deep parasympathetic activity, they're falling asleep where they need to be more alert, what do they do? They stimulate the vagus. They stimulate the vagus nerve in order to wake up the brain. In fact, stimulating the vagus has been used to save people's lives when they are drifting too far down into deeper and deeper planes of anesthesia. So, stimulating the vagus wakes up the brain. And the way to stimulate the vagus is by way of these receptors on the vagus nerve itself. And the way to do that without an electrical stimulator, right, because we're not talking about clinical conditions here, in order to increase levels of motivation, alertness, and focus for physical activity, or cognitive activity and learning, et cetera, or simply to overcome lethargy and brain fog, is to do some sort of physical activity that includes the large musculature of your body. These could be things like jumping. These could be things like actual resistance training. This could be running. This information really points to the idea of, of course, after a good warmup, doing more sprinting type activity, more strength type activity, six repetitions or less where you're getting close to failure, this sort of thing, to wake up the brain and body, as opposed to doing long, rhythmic activity that's below the threshold of what would activate a lot of adrenaline from the adrenals. So, the idea is to get those adrenals to release adrenaline into your system. It won't cross the blood-brain barrier, but your vagus nerve provides this beautiful link between the body and brain to match levels of excitation from the body and you can leverage that. In addition, there's also the well-described effects, and I've done an entire episode about this, of how exercise can improve brain plasticity, and the ability to learn. And while there are a host of mechanisms involving long-term changes in things like brain-derived neurotrophic factor, and increases in lactate, which might open the door to plasticity, and so on and so forth, it does seem that one of the major ways that exercise improves our brain function, and our ability to learn, is simply by increasing our levels of alertness. Now, I should say that the word 'simply' placed in there is probably a bit unfair. There is absolutely nothing trivial about using exercise as a way to stimulate a sort of cascade of this neural circuit from the adrenals, up the vagus, and into locus coeruleus, in order to wake up your brain networks focus, and learning. As we'll talk about in a few minutes, many of us, most of us perhaps, are used to using pharmacology like caffeine or other stimulants in order to try and wake up levels of alertness in the brain. And I'm not being disparaging of that. I am an avid consumer of caffeine in the form of yerba mate, or coffee. I'll occasionally take an Alpha-GPC, or an L-tyrosine as well. I do all those things. However, in my opinion, it's far more powerful to be able to leverage, that is, to activate these levels of alertness in your brain and body in a way that doesn't require any pharmacology if you don't have it available to you, or you're trying to avoid pharmacology, or you're working out late at night, or you want to focus later at night, and you don't want to be kept awake by the caffeine. Or even if you consume caffeine, or other stimulants. Knowing the organization of these neural circuits from the body to the brain, and how they match levels of alertness, and leveraging them is so straightforward, but most people don't actually get to the point where they're doing that high intensity work, or they're doing the work that involves the large musculature of their body when they're feeling unmotivated. In fact, they usually do the opposite thing. Now, sometimes you need rest days. This is true, right? You need to rest and recover to make progress. You don't want to exhaust yourself. You need to get sleep. You need to take care of yourself. However, the reason we're talking about this is that it's a beautiful opportunity to, A, explain that the vagus nerve is not just about calming down. It's actually actively used to wake up your brain when your body is active, when the large musculature of your body is active. And B, that like with autoregulation, this stuff is under conscious control. Yes, if you were to be frightened immediately, this is the same pathway that would be reflexively activated by an intruder, or by a big explosion, or something of that sort. Your body would wake up, release adrenaline, then that adrenaline would set up along this cascade, and your mind would be immediately alert as well. There are some parallel mechanisms too, to make sure that your brain and your body are alert immediately. But when you start to understand what these pathways are, and that there are very specific and very powerful, potent inroads into activating these circuits, it does indeed give you a tremendous amount of agency, especially for those of you that might think that you're not motivated to exercise, or you're always lethargic, or you have brain fog. There might be other reasons for that. But for many people, chances are that you're not getting past that threshold whereby the circuits involving the vagus can be activated. And now you know how. ... so activate them. acknowledge one of our sponsors, Function. Last year, I became a Function member after searching for the most comprehensive approach to lab testing. Function provides over 100 advanced lab tests that give you a key snapshot of your entire bodily health. This snapshot offers you with insights on your heart health, hormone health, immune functioning, nutrient levels, and much more. They've also recently added tests for toxins, such as BPA exposure from harmful plastics, and tests for PFASs, or forever chemicals. Function not only provides testing of over a hundred biomarkers key to your physical and mental health, but it also analyzes these results and provides insights from top doctors who are expert in the relevant areas. For example, in one of my first tests with Function, I learned that I had elevated levels of mercury in my blood. Function not only helped me detect that, but offered insights into how best to reduce my mercury levels, which included limiting my tuna consumption. I'd been eating a lot of tuna, while also making an effort to eat more leafy greens and supplementing with NAC, N-acetylcysteine, both of which can support glutathione production and detoxification. And I should say, by taking a second Function test, that approach worked. Comprehensive blood testing is vitally important. There's so many things related to your mental and physical health, that can only be detected in a blood test. The problem is, blood testing has always been very expensive and complicated. In contrast, I've been super impressed by Function's simplicity and at the level of cost. It is very affordable. As a consequence, I decided to join their scientific advisory board, and I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring the podcast. If you'd like to try Function, you can go to functionhealth.com/huberman. Function currently has a wait list of over 250,000 people, but they're offering early access to Huberman Podcast listeners. Again, that's functionhealth.com/huberman to get early access to Function. I just got done telling you how you can increase your levels of alertness by activating this vagal nerve pathway from the body to the brain, and that increasing your level of alertness allows for more opportunity to focus and to learn. But when we say focus and learn, what we're really talking about is neuroplasticity, this incredible feature of your nervous system, to be able to change, in response to experience, in deliberate ways. The plasticity that you have when you are a child, from the time you're born until about age 25, typically can occur even in passive experience. That is, you're in class, a teacher's teaching you something- your brain is changing. Maybe you put a bit more effort into something- you're focused; your brain will change. But as we get into adulthood, most of our neural maps in the brain, certainly our sensory maps in our cortex, our motor maps that allow us to move in particular ways, those have been established. You can still change them, but they've mostly been established throughout childhood and into our early 20s. And if we want to modify those circuits with neuroplasticity, there are a couple of key requirements. One; you need to be alert. You can't get neuroplasticity, that is, you can't trigger neuroplasticity unless you're alert. You also have to be focused. This is critical and differentiates adult plasticity in a major way from plasticity when we're young, where we can learn by passive exposure, okay? When we're young, we can learn by passive exposure or even better, by focused exposure. But when we are adults, we need alertness and we need focus. Just passively being exposed to, you know, music or to a motor pattern, is not going to allow us to change our nervous system. That's been shown over and over again. Fortunately, what also has been shown over and over again, is that if we are alert, and we're focused, and we are determined, especially if we undertake what's called incremental learning, where we go after small bits of neuroplasticity, repeatedly over time, we can get as much neuroplasticity as one observes in childhood. It just takes longer, and you have to do it, so-called incrementally. There's a lot to say about that, but for the sake of today's discussion about the vagus nerve, I just want to tell you that there's a particular pathway in the brain that involves the molecule acetylcholine. Acetylcholine is used to contract the muscles. It's released from motor neurons in the spinal cord, onto muscles to contract muscles. It's also used in the brain and elsewhere in the nervous system, and does a lot of different things. It's actually involved in generating the rhythms of the heart. But acetylcholine released from a particular nucleus in the brain, called nucleus basalis, the acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis, is what we call permissive for plasticity. In other words, if you have acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis into the brain, plasticity is much more likely to occur. And in fact, acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis is sort of like a gate, whereby, if you release acetylcholine, the opportunity for neuroplasticity and learning is available for some period of time. So the question, therefore becomes: how do you get acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis? There are these incredible experiments that have been done by Mike Merzenich and colleagues, showing that if you stimulate nucleus basalis to release acetylcholine and you expose an animal or a human to a particular sensory stimulus, The brain remaps very fast according to that experience. Just enormous amounts of plasticity that you wouldn't observe otherwise. There are also, fortunately, experiments showing that if you pharmacologically increase acetylcholine, that you can enhance the opportunity for neuroplasticity. You still need to do the learning. You still need to attempt to learn something. You still have to make it incremental, but the amount of plasticity is significantly increased when there's acetylcholine released from nucleus basalis. So, in the absence of deep brain stimulation using an electrode, which most of you fortunately will not experience because it requires drilling down through the skull and placing an electrode in basalis, and assuming that you're not taking anything to increase acetylcholine transmission to learn, although there are ways to do that, I've talked about that before and I'll talk about that again in a future podcast, some of those ways include supplementing with things like Alpha-GPC, which is a precursor to acetylcholine. There are some other precursors to acetylcholine or things that stimulate the release of acetylcholine, such as huperzine and things like that, that will open the opportunity for enhanced plasticity for a few hours. And there is good old nicotine. I know the word nicotine brings to mind things like lung cancer because for many years, many people and still now smoke nicotine in the form of cigarettes or vaping, both of which I think are absolutely terrible, as is dipping and snuffing, because yes, they increase levels of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor activation, which is just fancy nerd speak for acetylcholine transmission in the brain is enhanced by nicotine. But those delivery mechanisms also, of course, can give you cancer in the case of smoking, dipping, or snuffing. And vaping, despite what you hear out there, is absolutely terrible for your health. I don't care what anybody says. The evidence is starting to really pile up that vaping is bad for you. Now, is oral form nicotine bad for you in the form of gum, or in the form of a pouch, et cetera? I just want to say a couple of things. One, it's extremely habit-forming. Two, it increases blood pressure, and it's a vasoconstrictor. These drawbacks about nicotine are real and are critical to consider if you're going to use nicotine as a focusing agent or a so-called nootropic. I don't really like that word. But if you're using nicotine as a way to enhance cognition and enhance neuroplasticity, you should know what the potential drawbacks are, most notably the habit-forming and addicting properties, which are very robust. Now, with that said, there are ways to non-pharmacologically stimulate the nucleus basalis acetylcholine pathway, to enhance the window for plasticity. And the way to do that is, you guessed it, through the vagus nerve. Studies in healthy humans and humans who have had, for instance, stroke, as well as animal studies, have shown that if you stimulate the vagus nerve electrically, you increase the level And part of the mechanism by which you do that is the one I told you about a few minutes ago: the adrenals, vagus, locus coeruleus; but also, there's a separate pathway from the NTS to nucleus basalis that stimulates the release of acetylcholine from nucleus basalis and opens up the opportunity for neural plasticity. This, I should mention, is not a small effect. It is a rapid effect, and it's one that has allowed stroke patients, for instance, to improve their motor capabilities very quickly as compared to when the vagus nerve is not stimulated or when acetylcholine transmission is not enhanced pharmacologically. And fortunately, now, there are studies starting to accumulate in animal models and some in humans, we need more; but there are some showing that if you enhance alertness by way of activating the vagus nerve through the mechanism that I told you before, which is good old-fashioned high intensity exercise, that in the several hours following that exercise, there is an enhanced Now, that enhanced opportunity for neural plasticity comes by way of two different pathways. You already heard about the first one, which is the locus coeruleus release of norepinephrine. That's going to increase alertness, which is a prerequisite for focus. And it appears to be the case that the release of acetylcholine from nucleus basalis, that's also triggered by this high-intensity exercise, is what allows for that alertness to be converted into focus, and those two things together, alertness and focus, are the triggers for adult neural plasticity. If you think about this, this is really exciting. For 25 years or more, we've known that plasticity is possible in the adult human. We knew you needed alertness, and you needed focus. We also, by the way, know that you need to get great sleep that night and in subsequent nights in order to actually allow the plasticity to occur. Plasticity is a process. It's not just triggered when you go about trying to learn something. It actually takes place in sleep, as well as sleep-like states like non-sleep deep rest and meditation, but especially in deep sleep and rapid eye movement sleep. This is why you can attempt to learn something cognitively or behaviorally over and over and over, you can't get those scales on the piano right, you can't get the information dialed in from your class, a language class, or from engineering; or you're trying to figure out what this picture should be in your mind that you're going to paint, et cetera, you work at it, you work at it, you work at it, you sleep, you sleep, and then one day you wake up and suddenly you have the skill. It's because the actual rewiring of those circuits that we call neural plasticity, occurs during sleep, but it's triggered in those moments of incremental learning and really struggling. And keep in mind, the struggle to learn something, that friction is part of the neural plasticity process, and it's oh so clear now that alertness and focus are the prerequisites for plasticity, that alertness is coming in large part by way of the release of norepinephrine from locus coeruleus, that the focus is being augmented, and perhaps, it's even originating entirely from the release of acetylcholine and nucleus basalis that acts as sort of a spotlight on a particular set of things that are happening while we're trying to learn, and then, that triggers the plasticity process, which takes place during sleep. So that beautiful picture of self-directed adaptive plasticity in adulthood is allowed to happen because the vagus nerve, in part, is triggering NTS to say, "Hey, locus coeruleus, nucleus basalis, wake up. Release norepinephrine. Release acetylcholine. Now is the time to learn. "So what this means is, if you're struggling to learn, if you want to continue to have robust neural plasticity, if you happen to have some damage to motor pathways, or you're having trouble with focusing and brain fog, keep in mind, focus itself is served by a circuit that is subject to plasticity. You can actually get better at focusing by working on focus, just the same way you would on any skill. And so if you're struggling with focus, I highly recommend finding a threshold of exercise that stimulates brain alertness, that triggers these pathways that are now starting to be clear, that they occur from the literature in animals and humans. And, yes, you might augment this with something like caffeine, which will further increase levels of norepinephrine. You might even use low-dose nicotine. I'm not necessarily recommending that, certainly not for young people. And you do need to be aware of the habit-forming, AKA addictive, properties of nicotine. You definitely don't want to consume it in any form, that's going to cause you to increase your risk of cancer or popcorn lung from vaping. You could use pharmacology. You could use Alpha-GPC. You could use huperzine in combination with exercise. However, I strongly, strongly recommend that anyone who's interested in lifelong learning, think about organizing your bouts of learning, especially cognitive learning, to come in the two to three hours, maybe even four hours, but certainly in the one to two hours, after you do some sort of exercise that doesn't leave you exhausted, but leaves you with elevated levels of energy in your body. So you don't want to take this physical exercise that I'm talking about to exhaustion, because that's going to leave you depleted. That's going to cause an uptick in parasympathetic activity. Any of you that have done a hard leg workout, and then, you know, two, three hours later, you're just like... It's very clear, brain oxygen levels are down, parasympathetic activity is up, you are tired because you exhausted all that energy in exercise. But if you can use exercise as a trigger to release adrenaline and stimulate these pathways within the brain, that arrive via the signaling from the vagus, you do indeed open up the opportunity for enhanced neuroplasticity at any age. And that is a non-trivial thing. In fact, it's downright exciting because the search for adult neuroplasticity tools is one that's existed probably for thousands of years, and that has been documented for hundreds of years. And the thing that makes the nervous system of humans so special is that, it is capable of changing itself throughout the lifespan. So now you know at least one method by which you can do that and it, of course, involves the vagus. Okay, so one of the most incredible things about the vagus nerve, that I myself have really not ever heard talked about out there, is the way it communicates and coordinates levels of serotonin in the gut, with levels of serotonin in the brain. Now, a discussion about serotonin that's complete would take many, many hours, but suffice to say that serotonin is a neuromodulator, much like dopamine or acetylcholine or norepinephrine, in that it modulates the activity of other circuits. It's critically important for mood. In the gut, it's critically important for gut motility, for ease of digestion, and for gut health. In the brain, we say serotonin is important for mood. I don't want to give the impression that high levels of serotonin, good, low levels of serotonin, bad. Serotonin needs to be at a particular level, so neither too high nor too low. As many of you know, one of the major ways that depression has been treated over the last decades, is through the administration of something called SSRI, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, which have the net effect of increasing levels of serotonin at synapses. SSRIs are somewhat controversial because in many people, they do alleviate certain symptoms of depression, but they often carry side effects because serotonin is used in multiple circuits throughout the brain. I don't want to give the impression that SSRIs are always bad or always good. It's highly dependent on the patient and a bunch of other things that really, unfortunately, can only be explored through experimentation. That's typically what psychiatrists will do. They'll prescribe an SSRI at a given dose, see how a patient reacts. Maybe they'll take them off an SSRI entirely, give them a different type of antidepressant that works on a different set of neuromodulators, like dopamine and norepinephrine. So Wellbutrin would be a non-SSRI antidepressant. And there are a whole set of issues around SSRIs. For instance, they can be very beneficial for people with full clinical OCD, obsessive compulsive disorder, and then again, other people suffer terrible side effects from SSRIs. So I don't want to suggest that SSRIs are a solution. I also don't want to suggest that serotonin is the only problem with depression or is always a problem in cases of depression. That itself is heavily debated. What's emerging from the data is that elevating levels of serotonin in the brain can increase neuroplasticity, which can allow people who have major depression to learn new contingencies. You know, these are people who at one point, are thinking, you know, "Why would I ever try and get a new relationship or job? Like, everything always turns out terribly." These are hallmarks of depression, you know, lack of excitement about the future, everything's a negative outcome in their mind. Through neuroplasticity, it's clear that people can form new contingencies. They can start to imagine life as more positive and holding more possibility. And changing levels of serotonin is known to be, much in the same way, acetylcholine can increase plasticity, permissive for neural plasticity. So that might be one way, by which SSRIs actually can provide help, for certain people for depression. However, because of the side effects associated with SSRIs, many people are leaning away from them, and yet, having adequate levels of serotonin is absolutely critical for people depressed, as well as people who are not depressed, to feel a sense of well-being. Just overall sense of well-being, being okay with who they are and where life is at, being able to lean into effort and all these things. It's absolutely critical that we have adequate levels of serotonin in the brain. Now, you may have heard, and it is absolutely true, that 90% of the serotonin manufactured in your body is in the gut. Now, what you don't often hear, is that serotonin stays in the gut, right? We hear these days, "Oh, you know, most of your serotonin is manufactured in your gut," which has given millions of people the false impression that if you get your gut serotonin right, somehow it's traveling up to your brain and performing all the important roles that serotonin plays in your brain. That's not how it works at all. Fortunately, however; there are ways that you can modify the levels of serotonin in your gut, and indeed, the levels of serotonin in your gut powerfully impact the levels of serotonin in your brain. And this occurs, you guessed it, by way of the vagus. It's a super cool mechanism, and it's one that you can exert some positive control over, in order to, for instance, increase your baseline levels of mood, in order to increase levels of serotonin if that's something that you seek. Here's the pathway and the mechanism, and I'm going to provide this, in kind of top contour form. In the future, I'll do an entire episode about serotonin, but here's the idea. In your gut, you have cells, including neurons, but you also have a lot of other cells, mostly other cells frankly. And there's a particular category of cells called the enterochromaffin cells. You don't need to know that name, but if you want, they're the enterochromaffin cells, and they manufacture serotonin. They do that through a beautiful pathway involving an enzymatic reaction that converts tryptophan from the food you eat, tryptophan's an amino acid, gets converted eventually into serotonin. There are a bunch of steps in there in the biochemistry. Gets converted into serotonin. That serotonin binds to the ends of neurons, the axons of neurons in the vagus nerve that innervate your gut, not just your stomach, but your large intestine and your small intestine. Remember, those sensory afferents, those sensory axons that extend into the body have receptors on them, right? The serotonin in the gut, assuming you're getting enough tryptophan and assuming the milieu of your gut is correct, we'll talk about what that means and how you can exert control over it, get the milieu right, that serotonin binds to the ends of those axons in the gut and stimulates a particular category of them, that then relays the signal up and through nodose ganglion, you now are familiar with these names, up into the brain, to the nucleus tractus solitarius, okay? That NTS again, and then the nucleus tractus solitarius doesn't just communicate with locus coeruleus and with nucleus basalis, it also sends a powerful signal to what's called the dorsal raphe nucleus. The dorsal raphe nucleus in your brain is responsible for the release of the majority of the So when you hear that most of the serotonin in your body is made in your gut, that's true, and it stays in your gut, but the levels of serotonin are communicated to the brain by the vagus, and then stimulates the release of serotonin from the dorsal raphe nucleus. So the question therefore becomes, if we want to increase levels of serotonin in the brain or simply to maintain healthy levels of serotonin in the brain, for somebody who's not depressed, or maybe somebody who's having low mood, or just to keep elevated levels of mood, and proper levels of serotonin overall; because it's involved in lots of things, not just mood. We need to make sure that we're getting adequate production of serotonin in the gut. And again, adequate production of serotonin in the gut has a bunch of other positive effects on the immune system, on gut motility. In fact, having adequate is powerfully associated with having a healthy gut and not having irritable gut. Irritable bowel syndrome is something that vexes many people. You know, it might sound kind of funny to those of you that don't have it. "Oh, you have an irritable bowel." People with IBS, irritable bowel syndrome, oftentimes suffer tremendously. They can't go out to dinner. They can't eat foods that other people offer them. They'll eat a bunch of foods for a while and feel fine, then they feel terrible. It's not just about having diarrhea. Often, they have a bunch of other gut issues and it's correlated with a bunch of other major problems over time. We're going to do an entire episode about gut health as it relates to IBS. There are things that you can do to improve IBS. One of them is to keep your, or get your gut levels of serotonin right. How do you do that? Well, one way to do that is to make sure that the microbiota of your gut are healthy and that they are diverse. The best way to do that, not using any kind of supplementation, is to make sure that you're ingesting one to four servings of low sugar fermented foods per day. I've talked about this before on the podcast. This is based on beautiful data from my colleague, Justin Sonnenburg and Christopher Gardner at Stanford; showed that the ingestion of one to four servings of low sugar fermented foods per day, so these would be things like kimchi, sauerkraut. Again, low sugar. Look at the labels. This is the stuff that would need to be refrigerated. We're not talking about pickles kept on the non-refrigerated shelf, in the non-refrigerated section of the grocery store, but rather the brine and the pickles that don't have a ton of sugar, so the sour pickles that is, that are kept in the refrigerator. Things like kimchi, things like kombucha; keep in mind, some kombucha has alcohol, so keep that in mind if you're giving this to kids, who shouldn't be ingesting alcohol. Many adults probably Kombucha has very little alcohol, but if you're an alcoholic and you're completely avoiding alcohol, you should know that. Kombucha contains some alcohol. Things like kefir, quality yogurts, low sugar yogurts. You can look up online what are different low sugar fermented foods. These things are going to improve the gut microbiota, that in turn promote the production of serotonin, if and only if, this is important, if and only if, there's also sufficient levels of tryptophan in your dietary intake. So you're going to want to take a look at what you're eating and just through a simple online search, you can figure out whether or not you're getting sufficient levels of tryptophan. Many people are familiar with the idea because it's true that turkey contains high levels of tryptophan. This is thought to be responsible for the post-thanksgiving dinner effect, although; that's probably due to just eating a lot of food and when the gut is distended, the distension of the gut is communicated by mechanosensors, up the vagus nerve, sensory neurons and set in motion the so-called rest and digest, or, I guess it would be like a collapse and pass out, you know? And in the case of Thanksgiving, collapse and pass out, effect of having a lot of food in your gut. Doesn't matter what the food is, but you're going to want to make sure that you're ingesting foods with So dairy products will do that. White turkey meat will do that. There are other foods that have tryptophan in them. I'm not going to bother to list those off now. You can simply look those up. So make sure you're getting enough tryptophan in your diet. Make sure that you're getting enough low sugar fermented foods or if you're not doing that and perhaps even if you are, you might think about supplementing your diet with probiotic on occasion, right? I'm not talking about constantly taking high doses of probiotics. I actually don't recommend that. But for many people who are suffering low mood, supplementing with a quality probiotic can actually improve mood and the purported mechanism by which that happens, is the increase in serotonin, that is allowed by improving the gut microbiota, and including foods with enough tryptophan, which is the precursor to serotonin. So what I've done here is, I've created the real conceptual link, the anatomical link and the chemical link between the production of serotonin in the gut and serotonin in the brain. And I wouldn't be talking about this if there wasn't actually data on this. I'll include links to a few papers about the, and here I'm quoting the title of a great paper, "The Interaction of the Vagus Nerve and Serotonin in the Gut-Brain Axis." There's also been at least one clinical trial study exploring how taking probiotics, and in this case, it was actually probiotics plus magnesium. It was magnesium orotate, which is just one form of magnesium, as well as, I would say, a low-ish dose of coenzyme Q10. Combining those three things in this paper entitled "Probiotics And Magnesium Orotate", it should have said "probiotics and magnesium orotate and coenzyme Q10", but the title is, "Probiotics And Magnesium Orotate" For The Treatment Of Major Depressive Disorder, A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial. Now, I want to emphasize that the results of this paper show that in the short term, there's an improvement in symptoms of major depression. That is, symptoms of major depression were reduced through the administration of this combination of probiotics, magnesium orotate, and coenzyme Q10. However, it was a short-lived effect. Now, it was also a short-lived treatment, but it was a short-lived effect that showed up in the... Essentially starting about the four-week mark and then carried out to 10 and 15 weeks, the effect disappeared. Now, this is important because what it suggests is if you're seeking to improve your mood, or if you're suffering from major depression, please seek help for major depression. This, of course, wouldn't be the only approach. You don't want to start being your own psychiatrist. You know, this treatment very well could be combined with things, and should be combined probably, with things like exercise, maybe with pharmacologic treatment, with antidepressant drugs. It really depends on the situation. But if you are somebody who's suffering from major depression or just mild depression or if you're just seeking to maintain healthy serotonin levels or improve your mood slightly, the consumption of things that are going to improve your gut microbiome, absolutely is going to support that process. This has been shown over and over again because the gut microbiota create these short chain fatty acids, that are critically involved in this biochemical pathway that converts tryptophan into serotonin. I'm going to repeat that because it's very important. The microbiota of the gut, if they're diverse and you have enough of them, are going to produce the short chain fatty acids that are critically required for the conversion of tryptophan, which again is going to come from your diet, into the serotonin of your gut, which in turn is going to be relayed. And it's not the actual serotonin that's relayed, but the presence of serotonin at sufficient levels in the gut, is communicated by the vagus nerve, up to the dorsal raphe nucleus. Remember, there's some stations in between, but it's communicated up to the dorsal raphe. And your dorsal raphe then releases serotonin in the brain. Again, a beautiful coordination of the body and the brain, just as activity levels in the body and the brain are matched through the vagus or from the brain to the body, depending on the direction of flow, right? Alertness in the brain, body becomes alert. Alertness in the body, brain becomes alert. Serotonin elevated in the gut, serotonin elevated in the brain. All of that happens by way of vagal signaling. Okay, so the vagus is involved in lots and lots of things. It's not just for calming down. It's also for slowing the heart rate, which is related to calming down, but it's critically required for this thing that we're calling autoregulation, for increasing HRV. It's also involved in increasing levels of alertness, and you can do that through exercise. It's also involved in increasing levels of serotonin in the brain. You just learned about that. But there is, as you've probably heard before, also a role for the vagus nerve in calming down. Now, the reason I saved this portion for last is because there's just so much information out there about how vagal activation calms us down, and I felt it was important that I also focus on some of the ways that vagus does other things quite robustly, including also enhancing learning and plasticity. But I would be remiss, if I didn't offer some of the science back tools for calming yourself down by engaging the vagus. And when I say engaging the vagus, I mean engaging very specific pathways within the vagus circuitry. You now, of course, can appreciate that the vagus nerve is a superhighway, bidirectional superhighway of sensory and motor connections, has a ton of specificity. It's signaling mechanical and chemical information. It's controlling the body, and yet, there are specific pathways that will indeed calm you down, if you activate them. These are the ones that you typically hear about, at the end of yoga classes, that you hear about often online, and I don't want to be disparaging of any of that. In fact, I love, love, love the book 'Polyvagal Theory' by Stephen Porges. I think it's a beautiful description of our understanding circa, I don't know, maybe 10, 15 years ago, which is not disparaging at all. I think he did an incredible job of talking about the dorsal motor nucleus of the vagus, which I'll talk about in a few moments, as a pathway for regulation of bodily state, for calming down, about the role of parent-child relationships in infancy, and how the vagus nerve pathways are present and can be activated early in life, without any learning or plasticity, and how that's so critically important to the bond that's formed between caretaker and infant. And there's just a beautiful set of studies and a beautiful set of clinical data that he describes in that book, 'Polyvagal Theory', as it relates to things like PTSD, et cetera. So hats off, kudos, and much respect and gratitude to Stephen Porges for writing 'Polyvagal Theory'. Most of what I've talked about up until now, are things that are either touched on just briefly, or that are not included in his book on 'Polyvagal Theory', mostly because it... they relate to data that have been accumulated in the last 10 or 15 years. And so there was no way it could be in that book. The ways to calm down using activation of specific vagal pathways do indeed start to mimic some of the things that we hear about in, or at the end of yoga classes, or that we think of in terms of kind of new age-y types of things. Now, this is coming from somebody who earlier was talking about breathwork, right? I was talking about cyclic sighing, or cyclic physiological sighing. In science, we tend to call it 'respiration physiology.' We call it 'cyclic sighing.' In yogic traditions or in breathwork classes, they might call it something else. For those of you that are familiar with me, you know that I appreciate all the lenses into ways to be healthier mentally, physically, and into ways to improve our performance. I just happen to take the biological, typically the neurobiological, and physiological perspective on these things because I like to think, in fact, I know, that understanding mechanism gives us more agency over these protocols and practices. So, what I'm going to describe next is my view of the specific practices that, yes, absolutely exist in other territories related to yogic practices, et cetera, that have been purported to increase levels of parasympathetic activation by engaging the vagus. The reason I selected the things I'm about to tell you, is because I ran them by two colleagues, one who is a neurologist and psychiatrist, practicing, the other who is a neurosurgeon, and is very familiar with the vagus. And what I did is I said, "Listen, there's all this stuff out there. You can hear all sorts of interesting things on YouTube and elsewhere about ways to calm down by engaging the vagus. Which of these..." And I basically described five. "Which of these typical five practices do you think actually triggers activation of the specific nerve fibers that would trigger a parasympathetic response?" And what was interesting, is that both of them said, "Actually, there are three of them that absolutely trigger activation of the parasympathetic response, and we know because we've recorded from those neural pathways. And so it's obvious that they work." So, those are the three that I'm going to describe. I want to remind you that if you want to calm down fast, the physiological sigh is still going to be your best tool. If you want to improve HRV, you want to get better at autoregulation, and you want your HRV to improve in sleep as well, the deliberate exhales from time to time spread throughout the day, are still going to be great. Still do your high intensity interval training, and other ways to increase HRV. But if you want to use the vagal pathways to calm down, here are the three best ways that are supported by the neurophysiology in humans that I'm going to tell you about. The first capitalizes on the fact that a major branch of the vagus that extends out of the brainstem, and that includes a lot of those sensory afferents, those axons, coursing up from the body to the brainstem, runs along a portion of the neck that is deep to the muscle that is going to stick out if you turn your head to one side. Now, I'm specifically avoiding the muscle and vasculature nomenclature right now, because we've already had so many terms this episode, and it's really not necessary to understand how to use these practices. But were you to, say, lie down or even just sit at a table surface like I am now... For those of you that are listening, I'm just seated in front of my desk. I'm putting my hands palms-down, my elbows at the edge of the table, and what I'm going to do next is I'm going to push my elbows down and away from my ears. Then I'm going to turn my head up and to the right, and I'm going to talk while I'm doing it, but you wouldn't want to. And when one does that, you feel a kind of stretch both on the outside of the neck, so that's on the left-hand side, as well as in particular, on the right-hand side, okay? And it's important to keep your elbows pushing down, and you're looking up and to the right. And then you do it to the other side. You go up and to the left. Yes, this is looking a lot like yoga, but this is not yoga. This is a way of mechanically activating some of the fibers that course along the vasculature and the musculature at the side of the neck, that is, a major pathway of the vagus. Now, I had to ask my neurosurgeon and neurophysiology friends, "Does this actually activate the vagus nerve?" And they said, "Yes, to some degree." It is mechanically going to activate some of those fibers, some of those axons. Is it going to activate the calming pathways of your vagus nerve as much as, say, electrical stimulation of your vagus nerve? No, it's not. Electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve is used It's also used by using different patterns of stimulation frequency to calm people down. It can be used for a number of different things depending on the way the stimulation is done, and where it's done along the vagus nerve pathways. However, this basically mechanical activation of this vagus nerve pathway, it doesn't just feel good because you're stretching your neck out. It does indeed activate some of the sensory, and probably some of the motor fibers as well, that course through the vagus nerve. And keep in mind, this is interesting, that the majority of the parasympathetic effect those vagal nerve fibers, is going to be on the right-hand side. I know this is starting to sound a little bit like yoga classes where they say, "Hey, you know, breathing through your left nostril or your right nostril is going to reflect sympathetic or parasympathetic activation." Guess what? When we had Noam Sobel, one of the world's foremost experts on olfaction, and basically sniffing and breathing and its effects on the brain, on the podcast, he indeed told us that the switching back and forth between right and left nostril dominance is indeed governed by changes in that seesaw of the autonomic nervous system. It switches over, I believe, once about every 90 minutes. Incredible, right? It is obviously impacted if you have a deviated septum, et cetera. So, the stuff that comes from yogic tradition, while it might not be mechanistically accurate, and it sometimes includes other things that are unrelated to the mechanism, oftentimes, is pretty spot-on. So, if you want to calm down, and you want to do that by activating your vagus, you already know a bunch of ways that you can do that. We talked about it, the ear thing, the exhale thing, et cetera, physiological sighs. But this simple process of looking up and to the right, and then up and to the left. And the reason for doing it on both sides is that you'll feel a stretch on one side, and then a contraction onto the other. Doing that a few times back and forth indeed can lead to a calmer state following. How robust that is is going to depend on a lot of factors. Frankly, I don't think it's as robust as the physiological sigh, or exhale-emphasized breathing; I don't think that it's as fast. But nonetheless, it is supported by the anatomy. It is supported by the function, and a lot of people simply like to stretch. So, I'd be remiss if I didn't include that. The other way that you can calm down by way of incorporating non-invasively, is the following. All right, this one, again, is verified with people who are expert in these specific pathways in humans. And I know that it might not sound neuroscientific, but believe it or not, the stuff that you hear, no pun intended, about humming and activation of the vagus nerve, and calming down by way of humming, because of the way it impacts turns out to be true. However, and get this, you actually have to hum correctly. Now, you might think humming is just, "Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm." That's not what we're talking about here. What we're talking about here is, again, mechanically, through vibration, activating the branches of the vagus that enervate the larynx. And now keep in mind, some of the neurons in nucleus ambiguus that carry neurons that are officially members of the vagus nerve, they travel with neurons that are not officially members of the vagus, but they travel together from nucleus ambiguus to a lot of the speech machinery in your throat, and in your mouth, and with your tongue, and your lips, okay? That's a discussion for an entirely different podcast. But it turns out that if you view the hum through the perspective of it being an 'H' and an 'M,' right? 'Hmm,' right? That if you want to activate this vagal pathway to calm down, the way to hum correctly... I know this sounds wild, but the way to hum correctly is actually to extend the 'H' part, not the 'M.' I talked to somebody who is expert in speech neurophysiology, and it's because the 'H' part, the 'hmm' is different than the 'mm' part. The 'mm' is slightly higher frequency. And actually, if you notice, if you do an extended 'H' hum, and then an 'M' hum after, you'll notice that it shifts from the back and deeper parts of your throat, which is where the vagal activation comes from, to sort of further up along your speech pathway towards your mouth and your lips. So, just give that a try for a second. Maybe you have to do this in private because otherwise it would be too embarrassing. But it's incredibly calming. I did this earlier, and I was really positively surprised by how well it worked. It's basically this. You're trying to get the vibration to move from the back of your throat, down your neck, into your chest, and even into your belly and diaphragm. So, it goes like this. [humming] If you want to know what it's like from a sensation perspective, think about gargling. I know, this is getting crazier and crazier toward the end of this podcast. But indeed, if you look online, gargling has been proposed as a way to activate the calming aspects, so-called parasympathetic aspects, And indeed, when you gargle, you're using the back of your throat. That's the sensation, is this vibration at the back of your throat. So, when you hum, emphasizing the 'H' part of the 'hmm' and leaving off the 'M' part, it's [humming]. And you can actually move the vibration down into your chest. I find that it's easier if I'm lying down. And when you do that, it's quite remarkable how fast you calm down. But give this a try. I know it might seem a little silly, but if you want to try and really deep relax, this extended humming that you're trying to move down further and further from, say, your lips to the back of your throat, to deeper in your throat near your Adam's apple, to your chest region, even into your abdomen, and your diaphragm, you'll notice that it really, really calms you down. This is also, it turns out, because I talked to somebody who is a singer, this is the way that singers often will start to relax in order to get into some of the deeper frequency notes that they need to hit with their voice. As you've probably observed, high notes sort of bring people up into their head and up, even if they're using their diaphragm, higher and higher and higher, whereas lower frequency sounds deeper and deeper. And it's just mechanical activation of the particular branches of the vagus that are able to drive this parasympathetic response. And if you notice, the hum is, like all speech, an exhale. It's a long, slow exhale. So, this is the third part. There's also a collateral activation, which is just neuroscience-speak for activation of that deceleration pathway. When you do this humming at the back of your throat, and down into your chest, and into your belly, you're also getting the same effect that you get with an exhale, which is to slow the heart rate way, way down. So, it turns out that the stuff they say at retreats and yoga classes, is mechanistically supported. At least some of it is, and some of it perhaps isn't, and that doesn't really matter right now. What we're talking about is the incredible pathway, the incredible neural circuit that is the vagus nerve. In fact, calling it the vagus nerve, you now realize, as I talked about at the beginning of the episode, is really not sufficient to encapsulate the incredible variety of different pathways, the sensory stuff up from the body, the motor stuff down from the brain, the way you can calm down, the way you can alert yourself, the relationship and pairing of serotonin levels in the gut through the microbiome, what you eat, the tryptophan with serotonin levels in the brain, mood, neuroplasticity and learning. And to be fair, we didn't even cover everything that the vagus nerve does. There's this whole landscape of electrical stimulation of transcranial magnetic stimulation of the parts of the brain like the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex that allow you to engage more plasticity and control over autoregulation. That stuff all requires devices, and a physician or a laboratory to deliver, so I focused on the things that you can do to activate your vagus in the various ways that are going to serve you best in terms of mental health, physical health, and performance. And I like to think that you also learned a lot about the vagus nerve biology, both structurally and functionally. I personally find it to be one of the most incredible aspects of the nervous system. It exists in all mammals. It's also in non-mammalian vertebrates, but it's definitely in us humans, and it's absolutely active from the time we're born, until the very last breath we take, in hopefully, late, late age. And it's just a miraculous pathway. Nature created this vagus nerve thing, and you can control it. And understanding the mechanisms by which you can control it, I do believe, is the best way to go about it. So, thank you for joining me on this mechanistic/practical voyage through the vagus nerve. I'm enchanted by the vagus nerve, and I like to think that you might be, too. If you're learning from and/or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero-cost way to support us. In addition, please follow the podcast by clicking the Follow button on both Spotify and Apple. And on both Spotify and Apple, you can leave us up to a five-star review. And you can now leave us comments at both Spotify and Apple. Please also check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. If you have questions for me, or comments about the podcast, or guests, or topics that you'd like me to consider for the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comment section on YouTube. I do read all the comments. For those of you that haven't heard, I have a new book coming out. It's my very first book. It's entitled Protocols: An Operating Manual for the Human Body. This is a book that I've been working on for more than five years, and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience, and it covers protocols for everything from sleep, to exercise, to stress control, protocols related to focus and motivation. And of course, I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included. The book is now available by pre-sale at protocolsbook.com. There you can find links to various vendors. You can pick the one that you like best. Again, the book is called And if you're not already following me on social media, I am hubermanlab on all social media platforms. So, that's Instagram, X, Threads, Facebook, and LinkedIn. And on all those platforms, I discuss science and science-related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the information on the Huberman Lab Podcast. Again, it's hubermanlab And if you haven't already subscribed to our Neural Network Newsletter, the Neural Network newsletter is a zero-cost monthly newsletter that includes podcast summaries, as well as what we call protocols, in the form of one to three-page PDFs that cover everything from how to optimize your sleep, how to optimize dopamine, and deliberate cold exposure. We have a foundational fitness protocol that covers cardiovascular training and resistance training. All of that is available completely zero cost. You simply go to hubermanlab.com, go to the Menu tab in the top right corner, scroll down to Newsletter, and enter your email. And I should emphasize that we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining me for today's discussion and all of the incredible things that it can do, that you can do with it. And last but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Arkan-m5j [1 likes]: ✅✅✅The description in this video, particularly at minute 43:00, highlights the elegance and coordination of this system, once again reflecting the remarkable interplay between the brain, the body, and the environment. Such a complex and finely tuned system is unlikely to be the result of chance; rather, it points to the existence of an all-powerful and wise Creator (Allah).
  2. @moneyrealpagou: Gosto que o teste de ansiedade da Clara Hartley não deixe imediatamente óbvio qual resposta parece "mais saudável". Em muitos testes, as pessoas escolhem a resposta que acham que devem escolher. Essas perguntas tornaram isso um pouco mais difícil.
  3. @yaganlol: Thank you
  4. @Fovenyif: Great video!
  5. @ScarletAdhesive: A SCRIPTURE IN THE BIBLE SAYS, "IN A FEAR INSPIRING WE ARE WONDERFULLY MADE". YOU EMPOWER ME TO BE BETTER!!! THANK YOU.
  6. @alexanderuchiha3099: Dr Huberman, Why is depression such a big issue that you take the time to mentioned on your benefits of most episodes. What is the main cause of depression? What are the most severe cases? It's depression part of life ups and downs?
  7. @mdabutalha3623: sooo many people talking about that vera hart archetype quiz its crazy, lol. Tried it myself and the results are quite promising!
  8. @LoisSharbel: Thank you for all this fascinating information.  You are a gift!
  9. @starkwork: Can this help me with tinnitus? I’m crippled from it - going on — years now, please help me.
  10. @HelenaFowler-g1y: Thank you so much for educating us
  11. @motionpicture1235: 1:05:18
  12. @isabelmccoy7392: Thanks so much I listened to you every day
  13. @andiamoci22: dont understand the H vs M part of vagus humming... its not clear
  14. @svengalilord: What a great man!
  15. @soulsoundstudio: Brilliant! Thank you so much🙌🏼Best podcast ever
  16. @erikmorales17: Anyone heard of pulsetto I just came across is, is it beneficial for athletes recovery?
  17. @BenParker-c2b: Thank you so much for giving us such valuable life changing information in such an engaging way, must be fun to be in your class Dr. Huberman!
  18. @jahejahe6572: This was a tremendous podcast!!! Thank you so much!!! It would be very interesting if you'd engage on that topic deeper and extend to also electrical stimulating,  cause there is hype but os that worse it and different to at home practice that you just explained. ❤
  19. @chantelltiatrakul412: Excellent information but diagrams would help to visualize what you are presenting.
  20. @debijohanning985: There was so much good information here. I’m gonna have to listen again!

- Erasing Fears & Traumas Based on the Modern Neuroscience of Fear: Kind: captions Language: en - [Andrew Huberman] Welcome to the Huberman Lab Podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. [bright music] - I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. Today, we're going to talk about the Neuroscience of fear. We are also going to talk about trauma and post-traumatic stress disorders. The Neuroscience of fear has a long history in biology and in the field of psychology. However, I think it's fair to say that in the last 10 years, the field of Neuroscience has shed light on not just the neural circuits, meaning the areas of the brain that control the fear response and the ways that it does it, but some important ways to extinguish fears using behavioral therapies, drug therapies, and what we call brain machine interfaces. Today, we are going to talk about all of those, and you're going to come away with both an understanding of the biology of fear and trauma, as well as many practical tools to confront fear and trauma. In fact, we are going to discuss one very recently published study in which five minutes a day of deliberate exposure to stress was shown to alleviate longstanding depressive and fear related symptoms. We will get into the details of that study and the protocol that emerges from that study a little later in the podcast. But it stands as a really important somewhat counter-intuitive example of how stress itself can be used to combat fear. To give you a sense of where we are going, I'll just lay out the framework for today's podcast. First, I'm going to teach you about the biology of fear and trauma. Literally the cells and circuits and connections in the body and chemicals in the body that give rise to the so-called fear response. And why sometimes, but not always fear can turn into trauma. I will also describe the biology of how fear is unlearned or what we call extinguished. And there too, you're going to get some serious surprises. You're going to learn for instance, that we can't just eliminate fears. We actually have to replace fears with a new positive event. And again, there are tools with which to do that, and I will teach you those tools today. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast. Our first sponsor is Athletic Greens. Athletic Greens is an all-in-one vitamin mineral probiotic drink. I've been taking Athletic Greens every day since 2012. So I'm delighted that they're sponsoring the podcast. The reason I started taking Athletic Greens and the reason I still take Athletic Greens is that it covers all of my vitamin mineral and probiotic needs. Nowadays, there's a lot of data out there pointing to the fact that a healthy gut microbiome, literally little microbes that live in our gut that are good for us is important to support our immune system, our nervous system, our endocrine system, and various aspects of our immediate and long-term health. With Athletic Greens, I get all the vitamins and minerals that I need. Plus the probiotics ensure a healthy gut microbiome. It also tastes really good. I mix mine up with some water, a little bit of lemon juice. I'll have that early in the day, and sometimes a second time later in the day as well. It's compatible with intermittent fasting, it's compatible with vegan diets, with keto diets and essentially every diet that you could possibly imagine out there. It's also filled with adaptogens for recovery. It has digestive enzymes for gut health and has a number of other things that support the immune system. If you'd like to try Athletic Greens, you can go to athleticgreens.com/huberman, to claim their special offer. They'll give you five free travel packs that make it really easy to mix up Athletic Greens while you're on the road. And they'll give you a year supply of Vitamin D3 K2. There's now a lot of evidence that vitamin D3 supports a huge number of metabolic factors, immune system factors, endocrine factors. Basically we need vitamin D3. We can get it from the sun, but many people are deficient in vitamin D3 even if they are getting what they think is sufficient sunlight. And K2 is important for cardiovascular health. So again, if you go to athleticgreens.com/huberman. You can claim their special offer, the five free travel packs plus the year supply of vitamin D3 K2. Today's podcast is also brought to us by InsideTracker. InsideTracker is a personalized nutrition platform that analyzes data from your blood and DNA to help you better understand your body and help you reach your health goals. I've long been a believer in getting regular blood work done for the simple reason that many of the factors that impact your immediate and long-term health can only be analyzed from a quality blood test. And now with the advent of modern DNA tests, you can also get information about how your specific genes are impacting your immediate and long-term health. Now a problem with a lot of blood tests and DNA tests out there is you get the numbers back but you don't know what to do with those numbers. With InsideTracker, they make it very simple to figure out what to do to bring those numbers into the ranges that are right for you. They have a dashboard that's very easy to use. You can see the numbers from your blood and or DNA tests. And it will point to specific lifestyle factors, nutritional factors, as well as supplementation, maybe even prescription factors that would be right for you to bring the numbers into range that are ideal for your immediate and long-term health goals. Another feature that InsideTracker has is their inner age test. This test shows you what your biological age is and compares that to your chronological age and what you can do to improve your biological age, which of course is the important number. If you'd like to try InsideTracker, you can visit insidetracker.com/huberman to get 25% off any of InsideTracker's plans. Just use the code huberman at checkout. Today's episode is also brought to us by Helix Sleep. Helix Sleep makes mattresses and pillows that are of the absolute highest quality. I've been sleeping on a Helix mattress for close to a year now, and it's the best sleep that I've ever had. Helix has a quiz that takes about two minutes to complete and matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress for you. Some people sleep on their side, some people sleep on their backs, some people sleep on their stomach. Some people run hot, some people run cold. Some people don't know which part of their body they sleep on. You take this test, it's very brief, two minutes. And after that test Helix we'll match you to the mattress that's ideal for you. I match to the so-called Dusk, D-U-S-K mattress, because I wanted a mattress that wasn't too firm, not too soft. And I like to sleep sort of on my stomach and kind of a crawling soldier position. That seems to be always how I wake up in the morning anyway. So if you're interested in upgrading your mattress, go to helixsleep.com/huberman, take their two minutes sleep quiz and they'll match it to a customized mattress and you'll get up to $200 off all mattress orders and you'll get two free pillows. Again, if you're interested, please go to helixsleep.com/huberman for up to $200 off and two free pillows. So what is fear? Well, fear falls into a category of nervous system phenomenon that we can reliably call an emotion. And it is hotly debated nowadays. And it's been hotly debated really for centuries what an emotion is and what an emotion isn't. Now that's not a debate that I want to get into today. I think it's fair to say that emotions include responses within our body. Quickening of heart rate, changes in blood flow, things that we experience as a warming or a cooling of our skin. But that there's also a cognitive component. There are thoughts, there are memories. There's all sorts of stuff that goes on in our mind and in our body that together we call an emotion. And there's a vast amount of interest in literature devoted to try and understand how many different emotions there are, how different people experience emotions. And that's certainly a topic that we will embrace in a future podcast episode. But today I just want to talk about fear as a response. Because when we talk about fear as a physiological response and as a cognitive response, then we can get down to some very concrete mechanisms and some very concrete and practical tools that can be used to deal with fear when fear is not wanted. So let's talk first about what fear isn't. Most people are familiar with stress, both as a concept and as an experience. Stress is a physiological response. It involves quickening of the heart rate. Typically quickening a breathing, blood flow getting shuttled to certain areas of the brain and body and not to others. It can create a hypervigilance or an awareness. Typically that awareness is narrower, literally narrower in space, like a soda straw view of the world than when we are relaxed. And it is fair to say that we cannot have fear without having several, if not all of the elements of the stress response. However, we can have stress without having fear. Likewise, people are familiar with the phrase or the word rather, anxiety. Anxiety tends to be stress about some future event, although it can mean other things as well. We can't really have fear without seeing or observing or experiencing some of the elements of anxiety, but we can have anxiety without having fear. So what you're starting to realize is that fear is built up from certain basic elements that include stress and anxiety. And then there is trauma. And trauma also requires a specific, what we will call operational definition. An operational definition is just a definition that allows us to have a conversation because we both agree on or mostly agree on what the meaning of a given word is. It makes conversations much easier. In fact, I would argue if we all had operational definitions for more things in the world, that there would be fewer misunderstandings and arguments and we'd all move a lot further as a species. But that's another topic entirely. The operational definition of trauma is that some fear took place, which of course includes stress and anxiety. And that fear somehow gets embedded or activated in our nervous system, such that it shows up at times when it's maladaptive. Meaning that fear doesn't serve us well and it gets reactivated at various times. Like when you first wake up in the morning, if you're not in the presence of something that scared you, but you suddenly have what feels like a panic attack and you're in deep fear. Well, that's post-traumatic stress. That's post-traumatic fear. So I don't want to get bogged down too much in the nomenclature but what I'm doing here is building up a sort of a series of layers where stress and anxiety form the foundation of what we're calling fear and trauma. And then there are other phrases out there that we would be remiss if we didn't mention things like phobias and panic attacks. Panic attacks are the experience of extreme fear but without any fear inducing stimulus. So it's kind of like trauma. And a phobia tends to be extreme fear of something specific. Fear of spiders, fear of heights, fear of flying, fear of dying, these kinds of things, okay? The reason for laying all that out there is not to create a word soup to confuse us rather it is to simplify the issue because now that we acknowledge that there are many different phrases to describe this thing that we call fear and unrelated phenomenon. We can start to just focus on two of these issues, fear and trauma. As it relates to specific biological processes, specific cognitive processes. And we can start to dissect how fears are formed, how fears are unformed and how new memories can come to replace previously fearful experiences. So in this effort to establish a common language around fear and trauma, I want to point out autonomic arousal. Autonomic arousal relates to this aspect of our nervous system, that we call the autonomic nervous system. Autonomic means automatic that somewhat of a misnomer, because there are aspects of your autonomic nervous system that you can control. But your autonomic nervous system controls things like digestion, urination, sexual behavior, stress. When you want to be awake, when you want to be asleep, it basically has two branches to it. Two branches, meaning two different systems. One is the so-called sympathetic autonomic nervous system. Has nothing to do with sympathy, it has everything to do with increasing alertness. Think of the sympathetic nervous system as the alertness nervous system. It's what ramps up your levels of alertness, ramps up your levels of vigilant. Think about it as the accelerator on your alertness and attention. The other branch of the autonomic nervous system is the so-called, parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system. I know that's a mouthful. The parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system are the cells and neurons and chemicals and other aspects of your brain and body that are involved in the calming nervous system. So sympathetic is alerting, parasympathetic is calming. And it acts as sort of a seesaw to adjust your overall level of alertness. So for instance, right now I'm alert, but I feel pretty calm. I'm not ready to go to sleep or anything like that. I don't feel like I need a nap. I'm alert, but I'm calm. I'm not in a state of stress or panic. So that seesaw we could imagine is more or less level. Maybe it's tilted up a little bit to the side of increased sympathetic or alertness rather than parasympathetic because I feel wide awake. If I were sleepy, the opposite would be true. The parasympathetic side would be increased relative to the sympathetic side. There are many different aspects of the autonomic nervous system, but one of the main aspects is an aspect that's going to come up again and again and again today, it's very important that you understand what it is. It's called the HPA axis. The HPA axis stands for Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal Axis. The hypothalamus is a collection of neurons. It's an area of your brain real estate, that's deep in the brain at the base of the brain that contains many, many different areas that control things like temperature, and desire to have sex, desire to eat, thirst. It also controls the desire to not mate, to have sex, not to eat, not drink more water or any other type of fluid. So it has accelerators and brakes in there as well. The hypothalamus connects to the so-called pituitary, the pituitary lives close to the roof of your mouth. It releases hormones into your bloodstream. And so the hypothalamus has this ability to trigger the release or prevent the release of particular hormones like cortisol or the hormones that go stimulate ovaries to produce estrogen or testes to produce testosterone or adrenals to produce Adrenaline. And speaking of the adrenals that [indistinct] and the HPA are the adrenals. You have two glands that sit above your kidneys and your lower back. They receive signals by way of nerve cells neurons, and by way of hormones and other things released from the brain and elsewhere in the body. And they release different hormones and other types of chemicals into the body. And the two main ones that you need to know about today are Adrenaline also called Epinephrine and Cortisol. Both of those are so-called stress hormones, but they're not always involved in stress. They're also involved in waking up in the morning when you arrive... Excuse me, when you rise from sleep. And so this HPA axis, should be thought of in the following way. The HPA axis includes a piece of the brain, the hypothalamus, the pituitary, and the adrenals. So it's a beautiful three part system that can use your brain to alert or wake up your body and prepare it for action. And it can do that in the short term, by triggering the release of hormones and chemicals that make you alert and ready to go right away and by triggering the release of neurotransmitters and hormones and other chemicals that give that alertness a very long tail, a very long latency before it shuts off. And that's important because one of the hallmarks of fear and one of the hallmarks of trauma is that they involve fear responses that are long lasting. Even if those fearful events, the events in the world that trigger the HPA axis can be very brief, like a car that almost hits you as you step off the curb or something... A gunshot that goes off suddenly, and it's just a very quick, like, you know, 500 millisecond or 1 second event. The fear response can reverberate through your system because the chemicals that are involved in this HPA axis have a fast component and a longer-lasting component. And the longer-lasting component can actually change not just the connections of different areas of the brain and the way that our organs work like our heart and the way that we breathe. It actually can feed back to the brain and literally control gene expression. Which can take many days and build out new circuits and new chemicals that can embed fear in our brain and body. And that might sound very depressing but there's a reason. And there's an adaptive reason why there's the slow and fast phase of the HPA axis and the fear response. And fortunately, that gene expression and the long arc of the fear response, the way it kind of lives in our system kind of like a phantom in some ways can also be leveraged to undo the fear response, to extinguish the fear response and replace it with non fearful associations. So let's dig a little deeper into the neural circuits and biology of fear. Because in doing that, we can start to reveal the logic of how to attack fear if that's the goal. We can't have a discussion about fear without discussing the famous amygdala. Famous because I think most people by now have heard of the amygdala. Amygdala means almond. It's an almond shaped structure on both sides of the brain. So you have one on the right side of your brain, and one on the left side of your brain. The amygdala is part of what we can call the threat reflex. And this is very important to conceptualize fear as including a reflex. So much as you have reflexes that cause you to lift your foot up if you are just step on something sharp. You literally have a reflex within your spinal cord that causes you to lift up one foot and extend the other one toward the ground. Believe it or not, you always think you step on something sharp you pull your foot up. But you actually step on something sharp, you pull your foot up and in pulling it up there's another reflex that's activated that as you extend your other legs so that you don't fall over. Similarly in the process of experiencing fear, you have a reflex for particular events in your brain and body. And that reflex involves things like, quickening of your heart rate, hypervigilance, your attentional systems pop on, increased ability to access energy stores for movement and thought and so forth. But just like that step on the tack reflex example, all of the neural circuits that are associated with being calm, with being able to go to sleep, with being able to visualize the full picture of your environment, literally to see your entire environment, or to hear other things around you. All of those get shut down when the so-called threat reflex gets activated. And the amygdala is part of the threat reflect so much so that we can really say, that it's the final common pathway through which the threat reflex flows. In other words, the amygdala is essential for the threat response. But the threat reflex and the threat response is kind of a dumb response. It's not a sophisticated thing, it's very generic. And this is also a very important point. One of the beauties of the fear system is that it's very generalizable. It's not designed for you to be afraid of any one thing. Sure, there are some debates and probably some good data out there that support the fact that human babies are innately, meaning requires no learning. Innately afraid of certain things like heights, or snakes or spiders. There's debate about this. And they depends on the quality of the experiment, et cetera. But the real capacity of the fear system is that we can become afraid of anything provided that this threat system is activated in conjunction with some external experience. So the way I'd like you to think about the amygdala is not as a fear center, but that it's a critical component of the threat reflex. I'd like you to also internalize the idea that the threat reflex involves this activation of certain systems and suppression of all the systems for calming the parasympathetic system. And now I'm going to describe the way that information flows into and through this threat reflex. And in doing that, it will reveal how specific things, like a spider, like a snake, like a physical trauma, like a car accident, like a fear of public speaking, whatever happens to scare you or scare somebody, how that gets attached to this reflex. Because this reflex is very generic. It doesn't really know what to be afraid of. It only knows how to create this sensation, this internal landscape that we think of as fear. So while the amygdala might look like an almond, it's actually part of a much bigger complex or collection of neurons called the amygdaloid complex. That complex has anywhere from 12 to 14 areas depending on who's... Which neuroanatomist is naming things and carving it up in Neuroscience and in much of biology. We like to joke that there are lumpers and there are splitters. So some people like to draw boundaries between every little distinct difference and say, "Oh, that's a separate area and other people are lumpers." And they say, "Well, listen, you know why complicate things? Let's lump those together." I'm neither a lumper nor a splitter, I'm somewhere in between. I think the number 12 is a good number in terms of the number of different areas of the amygdala. Why is that important to us? Well, it turns out that the amygdala is not just a area for threat, it's an area for generating threat reflexes that integrates lots of different types of information. So for those of you that want to know, I'm going to give you some names, some nomenclature, for those of you that don't, you can tune out for this. But basically information from our memory systems, like the hippocampus and from our sensory systems, our eyes, our ears, our nose, our mouth, et cetera. So taste information, vision, auditory information, touch, et cetera. Flow into the so-called lateral portion of the amygdala. Flows into... Or the amygdaloid complex. It flows into the lateral portion. And then there are multiple outputs from the amygdala. And this is where things get particularly interesting because the outputs of the amygdala have a lot of different areas, but there are two main pathways. One involves the hypothalamus, which you heard about before this collection of neurons that control a lot of our primitive drives for sex, for food, for thirst and for warmth, et cetera. And it also feeds out to our adrenals. Those glands that you learned about a few minutes ago to create a sense of alertness and action. It also feeds out what I mean by feeds out, by the way, is there are neurons that send wires. We call those wires axons connections. Where they can release chemicals and trigger the activation of different brain areas. So it feeds out to other brain areas such as the PAG. PAG is very interesting for our discussion today. It's the periaqueductal gray. The periaqueductal gray contains neurons that can trigger freezing, can trigger the... Some people talk about the fawning response, which has kind of an appeasing response to traumatic events. But some people outright freeze in response to fear, right? We've heard of fight or flight. And indeed the pathway that I'm describing can create a sense of fight and cause people to want to lean in, in an aggressive way to combat things that they're afraid of or flight to run away. Essentially to avoid by mobilizing the thing that they feel they're threatened by. Now, even in the absence of some threat, somebody that has say a fear of public speaking might hesitate or move away from a podium or hesitate or move away from raising their hand. If raising their hand meant that they might be called on and would be public speaking. So there's fight and flight, but there's also the freeze response. And the freeze response is controlled by a number of brain centers, but the periaqueductal gray, the PAG, is central for this freeze response and neurons. They're also create what are called Endogenous opioids. Many of you have heard of the opioid crisis, which is a crisis of prescription medication given out too broadly for people that don't need it, who are become addicted to opioids. Those are Exogenous opioid. But Endogenous opioids are chemicals released from neurons in the PAG and from elsewhere in the body that give us a sense of numbing. They actually numb us against pain. And you can imagine why biology would be organized this way. A threat occurs or something that we perceive as a threat, we're afraid of it. And a natural analgesic is released into our body because there's likely to be an interaction that's very uncomfortable. That's physically uncomfortable. So it's like we have our own Endogenous release of these opioids and that's occurring in the PAG. The other area and again, sorry to litter the conversation with these names of structures, but some people seem to enjoy knowing these structures. You're fine if you just understand what the structures do. If you want to know the names that's fine. But the other structure is the locus coeruleus. The locus coeruleus creates a sense of arousal, by releasing Adrenaline, Epinephrine and Norepinephrine, or related chemical into the brain. So basically the activation of the amygdaloid complex could be from any number of different things, a memory of something fearful. An actual sensory experience of something that's fearful. And but then the fear response itself is taking part because of the threat reflex gets activated. And that threat reflex then sends a whole set of other functions into action. Freezing, activation of the adrenals, activation of locus coeruleus for arousal and alertness, activation of this endogenous pain system or anti-pain system in the PAG. That's one pathway out of the amygdala. The other pathway out of the amygdala is to a very interesting area that typically is associated with reward and even addiction. So this might come as a surprise to many of you. In fact, it came as a surprise to me. I remember when these data were published, but the amygdala complex actually projects to areas of the Dopamine system. The so-called nucleus accumbens, the mesolimbic reward pathway, for those of you that want to look that up or that remember from the Dopamine episodes. We have pathways in our brain that are associated with pursuit, motivation and reward. And the neuromodulator Dopamine is largely responsible for that feeling of craving, pursuit and reward. And this threat center is actually able to communicate with and activate the Dopamine system. And later you will realize why that is very important and why you can leverage the Dopamine system in order to wire in new memories to replace fearful ones. So I've been hitting you with a lot of names of things, but for the moment, even if you're interested in all the Neuroscience names and structures and so forth. I'd like you to just conceptualize that you have a circuit in your brain, meaning a set of cells and connections that are arranged in the following way. You have a threat reflex that can be activated at any time very easily, but what activates that threat reflex can depend on two things. One are prior memories coming from brain areas that are involved in storage of memories, or it can be immediate experiences. Things are happening in the now, okay? So were something fearful to happen right now, your threat reflux could be activated. Where you to remember something very scary that happened to you in the past? Your threat reflex could be activated. circuit has two major outputs. One of the major outputs is to areas that are involved in the threat response, freezing pain management and alertness. And the other major output is to areas involved in reward, motivation and reinforcement, okay? There's a fourth component. And I promise this is the last component that we need to put into this picture of the neural circuits for fear. And this is a circuit that involves an area of the brain called the prefrontal cortex and some of its subdivision. So literally in the front. And it's involved in what we call top-down processing. Top-down processing is the way that your prefrontal cortex and other areas of the brain can control or suppress a reflex, okay? A good example of this would be the step on the tack example that I gave before. So when you step on a tack, you immediately pull up your foot and you extend the other leg. That's the reflex that prevents you from injuring yourself and from falling over. However, if you wanted, not that you would want to. But if you wanted, you could for instance, place your foot onto a tack and decide not to pull your foot away. It would be difficult. And again, I don't recommend that you do that, but you could override that reflex, okay? There are other examples of reflexes, like for instance, getting into cold water, most people will start to huddle their body. Most people won't want to get into the cold water. Many people will jump out. But all of that is reflexive. And should you want to, you could override that reflex through top-down processing. You could tell yourself, "Oh, I heard on a previous Huberman Lab Podcast, or on an Instagram post that cold water exposure can be beneficial for metabolism and resilience, et cetera." And indeed it can, and you can decide to get into the water and to stretch out your body, not to huddle, and you can fight those reflexes, okay? The fighting of reflex is carried out through top-down processing, largely through the prefrontal cortex. You provide a narrative. You tell yourself, "I want to do this or I should do this. Or even though I don't want to, I'm going to do it anyway." So top-down processing is not just for getting into cold water, and it certainly isn't for overriding reflexes that can damage us like a stepping on the tack example. It is the way in which we can override any number of internal reflexes, including the threat reflex. And the way that we do that is by giving a new story or a new narrative to this experience that we call threat. And you know the threat response, the threat response is quickening of the heart rate, quickening of the breathing. We don't generally like the feeling of Adrenaline in our system. Some people are so-called Adrenaline junkies, and they get a mixture of Dopamine and Adrenaline from certain high intensity events. I confess in previous aspects of my life, I've tended to like Adrenaline. I don't think I was at the extreme of thrill seeking, but I'm somebody that for instance, I tend to like... I like roller coasters, I've done various things where I'm familiar with and I enjoy the sensation of Adrenaline in my body. But I enjoy it because of the alertness that it brings and the hyperacuity that it brings, many people don't feel that way. In fact, most people don't like the sensation of a lot of Adrenaline in their system. That it makes them feel very uncomfortable and out of control. We will do an entire episode about Adrenaline and Adrenaline junkies and Adrenaline aversives in the future. But the threat reflex inevitably involves the release of Adrenaline into the system. And then it becomes a question of whether or not you remain still, move forward or retreat from that Adrenaline experience. And when I say the Adrenaline experience, I mean the threat reflex. So this fourth component of fear is really our ability to attach narrative, to attach a meaning and to attach purpose to what is by all accounts and purposes, a generic response. There's no negotiating what fear feels like. There's only negotiating what it means. There's only negotiating whether or not you persist, whether or not you pause or whether or not you retreat. So this is usually the point in the podcast where I think people start asking, "Okay, well, there's the biology, there's the mechanism, there's the logic. How do I eliminate fear?" Well, it's not quite that simple. Although by understanding the logic and the mechanisms by which these circuits are built, we can eventually get to that place. I do want to plant a flag around a particular type of tool or a logical framework around a particular set of tools rather, that we are going to build out through this episode. And based on what you now know that the threat reflex gets input and it has outputs and it's subject to these top-down processing events, these narratives. You should be asking yourself, what sort of narratives should I apply to eliminate fear? Well, first let's take a step back and just acknowledged the reality, which is that fear is in some cases, an adaptive response. We don't want people eliminating fears that can get them injured or killed, right? The reason that the fear threat response and reflex exists at all is to help us from dying, to help us from making really bad decisions. It just so happens that a number of things happened to us that are not lethal, that don't harm us, but that harm us from the inside. And I think that and here I'm borrowing language from an excellent researcher who's done important work in this area at Harvard. His name is Dr. Kerry Ressler. He's both a medical doctor and a PhD, so an MD-PhD. He's the chief scientific officer at McLean Hospital. He's a professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School, and he's done extensive and important work on fear. I'm going to refer back to Dr. Ressler's work several times during this podcast, including important and super interesting work on transgenerational passage of trauma. He's a absolutely world-class biologist, absolutely world-class clinician. And Dr. Ressler has described fear before as containing a historical component. So it's not just about a readiness for things that might injure us or kill us in the immediate circumstance but also protecting us for the future because of our important need and ability to anticipate. And what he describes our memories as protective or memories as dangerous. You know, some memories, even if they evoke a sense of fear in us are protective. They protect us from making bad mistakes that could get us injured or killed, or put us into really horrible circumstances. Other memories are dangerous because they create a sense in us of discomfort, and they tend to limit our behavior in ways that are maladaptive. That prevent us from having healthy relationships to others, healthy job relationships, healthy relationship to ourselves, frankly. So this language of memories as protective or memories as dangerous in the context of fear is not something that I said, it's really something that I lifted from Dr. Ressler in one of his many impressive lectures. And it's an important aspect of fear because much of the fear system is a memory system. Is designed to embed a memory of certain previous experiences in us. Such that the threat reflex is activated in anticipation of what might happen, okay? So let's talk for a second about how certain memories get attached to this fear system. And this brings us to a beautiful and indeed Nobel Prize winning aspect of biology and physiology, which is Pavlovian conditioning. Many of you are probably familiar with Pavlov's dogs and the famous Pavlovian conditioning experiments. They go something like this. And Pavlov did these experiments and ring a bell, a dog doesn't do much in response to a bell. It might attend to it but it doesn't salivate typically in response to the bell. However, if you pair the ringing of a bell with a presentation of food enough times, the dog will salivate in response to the food. Eventually you take away the food, you just rang the bell and the dog will salivate in response to the bell, okay? So in the context of so-called Pavlovian conditioning, these things have names like conditioned stimulus, and unconditional stimulus and responses. People often get these mixed up and it can be a little confusing, but I'm just going to make it really simple for you. The unconditioned stimulus is the thing that evokes a response unconditionally. So food is the unconditioned stimulus in the example I just gave. A foot shock or a loud bang would be the unconditioned stimulus in a... For instance say, an experiment geared toward exploring fear. That unconditioned stimulus is unconditional. It unconditionally evokes a startle or in the case of food salivating. The bell in the previous example is what we call the conditioned stimulus or the conditioning stimulus. Sometimes people mix these up. The condition stimulus is paired with the thing that naturally creates a response. And then eventually the condition stimulus creates the response itself. You might think, well, that just seems endlessly boring and simple, but this is actually the way that our fear systems work. Except unlike Pavlov's dogs, you don't need many, many pairings of a bell with some unconditioned stimulus in order to get a response. You can get what's called one trial learning. And in this circuit that involves the amygdala, the threat reflex, and all this other stuff that I was talking about earlier, the system is set up for learning. It's set up to create memories and to anticipate problems. It's a very good system because it was designed to keep us safe. And so the way to think about this is that for many people, one intense experience, one burn, one bad breakup, one bad experience, public speaking. One bad experience with somebody pet snake or whatever it happens to be can cause intense fear in the moment, a long [indistinct] experience of fear, like trouble sleeping that night and the following night. Memories of the experience that are troubling, physiological responses that are troubling. Essentially it gets wired in as a fear with one trial. Which is quite different than the other forms of neuroplasticity. Neuroplasticity, of course, just being the nervous system's ability to change in response to experience. Other forms of neuroplasticity like learning a language, learning music, learning math, those take a while. We don't generally get one trial learning to positive or neutral experiences. We get one trial learning to negative experiences. So there's this asymmetry in how we're wired. So now you should understand how classical conditioning as it's called occurs. You go to give a piano recital as a kid, you sit down and you freeze up and it's horribly embarrassing. And even if you just freeze up for a few seconds, the heart rate increase and the perspiring, the sweating and the shame that you feel leads you to want to avoid playing instruments or public displays of performances for a long period of time unless you do something to overcome it. That's one trial learning. Some people, it tends to be more an accumulation of experiences. They have a bad relationship that lasts an entire summer, an entire year, or God forbid a decade. And then they have what they feel is of a general sense of fear about closeness to others, an attachment. These are common fears that people experience. Fears can be in the short-term, fears can be in the long-term, they can be in the medium term. Again, the fear system is very generic. It's wired to include memories that are very acute, that happened within a moment, or that include many, many events in long periods of time. That kind of funnel into a general sense of relationships are bad or this particular city or location is bad. So there's a key what we call temporal component. There's a component of the fear system being able to batch many events in time and create one specific fear or take one very specific isolated incident that happened very briefly and create one very large general sense of fears. And I'll give an example of the latter, just to kind of flesh this out a little bit. I had a friend come visit me in San Francisco some years ago, and their car got broken into. Unfortunately, a frequent occurrence in San Francisco even in the middle of the day. Never leave anything your car in San Francisco they'll break in, in the middle of the day, doesn't matter. Police can be having coffee right there in front of them they'll still do it, for reasons we could discuss, this is a problem. They got their belongings taken and they decided they were never coming back to San Francisco. This was an isolated incident that forever colored their view of the city. Which I frankly, understanding the fear system, I can understand. We can have isolated incidents that wick out to broad decisions about entire places, or we can have many experiences that funnel into very specific isolated fears about particular circumstances, places and things. So I like to think that by now you have a pretty good understanding of the circuits that underlie the threat reflex, the fear response, and how we have top-down control, meaning we can attach a narrative to the fear response. And that the fear response can be learned in association with particular events, okay? I haven't really talked about how the learning occurs. And so I just want to take a moment and describe that because it leads right into our discussion about how to eliminate fears, and indeed how to replace fears with more positive experiences. There's a process in our nervous system that we call neuroplasticity. Neuroplasticity broadly defined is the nervous system's ability to change But at a cellular level, that occurs through a couple of different mechanisms. One of the main mechanisms is something called long-term potentiation. Long-term potentiation involves the strengthening of particular connections between neurons. The connection sites between neurons we call synapses, actually technically synapses are the gaps between those connections. But nonetheless, synapses are the point of communication between neurons and those can be strengthened so that certain neurons can talk to other neurons more robustly than they happened to before. And anytime we talk about a particular event, the car, the snake, the public speaking, the trauma, the horrible experience, wiring into the fear system. What we're talking about is a change in synaptic strengths. We're talking about neurons that previously did not communicate well, communicating very well. It's like going from a old school dial up connection, or even an old school telephone connection or Morse code connection of communication to high speed ethernet, okay? To a 5G connection. It gets faster, it gets more robust, and it's very, very clear. That's what happens when you get long-term potentiation. And long-term potentiation involves a couple of cellular mechanisms that are going to be relevant to our discussion about treatments to undue fear. And I'll just throw out a couple of the names of some of those cellular elements right now. The main one is the so-called N-M-D-A receptor, N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor. And what this is, is this is a little docking site, like a little parking slot on a neuron. And when a neuron gets activated very strongly like from an intense event in the example of my friend, the intense event. Almost certainly activated and NMDA receptors related to their concept of protecting their property in their cars, the break into their car caused the NMDA receptor to be activated. Normally that NMDA receptor is not easily activated when it is activated it sets off a cascade, a series of signals within those neurons that change those neurons. It changes the genes they express, it shuttles more parking spots to the surface of those cells so that the communication to those cells becomes easier, it becomes faster. And so the way to think about the NMDA receptor is it's used sometimes for normal things that we do every day, making cups of coffee and things like that. But it's often used for learning. It's used for creating a new associations in our nervous system. And so the activation of the NMDA receptor and LTP, and it involves some other things that you may have heard of like, brain-derived neurotrophic factor and calcium entry, things that we can leave for a discussion for a future time. But basically a whole cascade of events happen within cells that then make just even the mere thought of something or somebody or some event that happened able to activate that threat reflex, okay? So long-term potentiation is one of the main mechanisms by which we take formerly innocuous or irrelevant events, and we make them scary. We make them traumatic. Our neurons have mechanisms to do this. Now, fortunately, the NMDA receptor and long-term potentiation can also run the whole system in reverse. a long-term depression, and that doesn't have anything to do with the depression associated with low mood. What we're talking about is a weakening of connections. You can go from having a very high speed ethernet connection between neurons, so to speak, to a connection that's more like Morse code, or as like a poor dial up connection or really weak signal. And that's what's happening when you extinguish a fear, when you unlearn a fear. So now I'd like to talk about therapies that are carried out in humans that allow fears to be undone, that allow traumas to be reversed, such that people no longer feel bad about a particular person, place or thing. Either real interactions with that person, place or thing, or imagine interactions with that person, place or thing. That process as I just mentioned also involves things like the NMDA receptor but rather than strengthening the connections the first thing that has to happen is there needs to be a weakening of connections that associate the person, place or thing with that threat reflex. Subsequent to that, we will see there needs to be a strengthening of some new experience that's positive, okay? This is a key element of where we are headed contrary to popular belief, it is not going to work to simply extinguish a fear. One needs to extinguish a fear and or trauma and replace that fearful or traumatic memory or idea or response with a positive response. And this is something that's rarely discussed both in the scientific literature, but certainly in the general discussion around fear and trauma. There's this idea that we can extinguish fears, we can rewire ourselves, we can eliminate our traumas and indeed we can. But that process has to involve not just becoming comfortable with a particular fearful event or trauma, but also attaching a new positive experience to that previously fearful or traumatic event. There are a lot of different approaches out there that are in clinical use to try and alleviate fear and trauma and indeed PTSD, post-traumatic stress disorder. It might be surprising to learn that many of those treatments such as SSRIs, the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Things like Prozac and Zoloft and similar and other antidepressants. Or things like Benzodiazepines, which are essentially like painkillers. They create elevation in certain transmitters in the brain like GABA among others. They can have a pain relieving effect. They are generally however, considered anxiolytics, they reduce anxiety and even antipsychotic drugs or Beta blockers sometimes called adrenergic blockers. Drugs that are designed to prevent the heart from beating too fast or to reduce blood pressure, to reduce some elements of the hypothalamic-pituitary axis response that we talked about earlier. Many people experienced some degree of relief from the symptoms of anxiety and fear and PTSD in taking these various compounds. Indeed, that's why they're prescribed so broadly. But you may find it interesting to note that none of those current treatments are based on the neurobiology of fear, at least not directly, right? People that take SSRIs oftentimes will experience a reduction in anxiety. It depends on the dosage and the individual of course, right? And you have to work with a doctor, a psychiatrist, to determine whether or not they're right for you in the correct dosage, if they are right for you. But that modulation of anxiety can indirectly reduce the likelihood that one will have a panic attack or experience of fear, an intense experience of fear or reliving of a trauma. But the SSRIs themselves are not plugging into some specific mechanism related to how fear comes about in the system. It's an indirect support. That's important because if the goal of modern psychiatry and the goal of modern biology is to provide mechanistic understanding that leads to treatments. We need to think about what are the sorts of treatments that tap into the very fear circuits that we described before. The fact that there are memories attached to a generic threat reflex and response. And the threat reflex and response can be linked up with the Dopamine system and can be linked up with other systems that are involved in pain, relief and anxiety and so forth. And so that brings us to which treatments are directly related to the fear circuitry and the circuitry related to trauma? And the primary one to begin with is the so-called behavioral therapies. Now, oftentimes we all wish I think from time to time that there's some specific pill that we can take or there's some machine or device that we can plug our finger into or that we can put on a headset and all of a sudden we just rewire our nervous system. Fear has gone, trauma's gone, but it doesn't work that way. And when we think of language and narrative as a tool to rewire our nervous system in comparison to those kinds of ideas about pills and machines and potions, it starts to seem a little bit weak, right? If we just think, "Oh, well, how could talking actually change the way that we respond to something?" But actually there are three forms of therapy that purely through the use of language have been shown to have very strong positive impact, meaning reduce fears and traumas. And those three are prolonged exposure therapy, cognitive processing, or CPT and cognitive behavioral therapy. And I not going to go into the entire literature around prolonged exposure, cognitive processing, But I will just illustrate the central theme that allows them to work. Now, remember that the circuit for fear, the circuit for trauma involves this generic reflex. And then there are those top-down elements coming from the forebrain. It's very clear because it's been measured that if you look at the amount of anxiety, the pure physiological anxiety response of quickening of heart rate, flushing of the skin, sometimes quaking of the hands, that the experience of fear over time when people recount or retell their trauma that the first time they do that especially when it's recounted in a lot of detail there's a tremendous anxiety response. Sometimes even as great or greater than the actual exposure to the fearful event or trauma. And obviously this is something that is done with a clinician present, because it is very traumatic to the person. They're literally reliving the trauma in full rich detail, and they are encouraged to provide full rich detail. They're often encouraged to speak in complete sentences to flush out details about how they felt in inside, to flush out details about their memories going into this traumatic or fearful event, going through it. And after really digging into all the nuance and contours of these horrible experiences. But what's remarkable is that in the second and the third and the fourth retelling of these traumatic or fearful events that anxiety response and the amount of the physiological response, I should say that the amplitude of the physiological becomes progressively diminished with each retelling. Now, some of you might be saying, "Well, duh, you know, you tell a story enough times, that eventually it wears off." Just like if you watch a movie enough times and you hear the same joke enough times eventually it doesn't have the same impact. But that [indistinct] be the case, right? You could imagine that this high amplitude anxiety response, this high amplitude activation of the sympathetic nervous system in retelling would actually create a even deeper routed fear response and trauma but that's not what happens. And every clinician I spoke to in anticipation of this episode which include clinical psychologists, psychiatrists and people who actually work on the fear system at a biological level said the exact same thing which is that, "A detailed recounting of the traumatic and fearful events is absolutely essential in order to get the positive effects of prolonged exposure, cognitive processing and cognitive behavioral therapy." Again, this has to be done with the appropriate support. This isn't something that should be taken lightly because as we've mentioned before the fear response can have a very long lasting contour to it. People can sometimes have trouble sleeping for days and days. And afterwards we'll talk about sleep in a little bit. But the point is that the retelling is important. And the idea here is to take what was a terrible and extremely troubling, meaning physiologically troubling, psychologically troubling story, and turn it into what is essentially a boring, bad story, okay? It never really becomes a good story at this point in the treatment process that we're describing. So a terrible event is a terrible event period. But there's a way in which the retelling of that event starts to uncouple the threat reflex from the narrative. And with each successive retelling in detail of these traumatic events, of these fearful events, the threat reflex is activated at a progressively lower and lower amplitude. Such that eventually it just becomes a really bad, really boring story. Now that's one part of the process of getting over a fear. It's what we call fear extinction. And we can bring ourselves back to our earlier example of Pavlovian conditioning, because many studies have been done both in animals and in humans showing that, for instance, if you pair a tone, a bell or a buzzer with a foot shock that an animal or a person will brace themselves for the foot shock. Eventually you can just give the bell or a tone and the person will experience that same freezing up or the same fight or flight or freeze response. So you conditioned that. But if you give the tone or the bell over and over, and there's no foot shock, there's no pain, and in human [indistinct] sometimes I'm with foot shocks, sometimes believe it or not with mild burn, even some studies, there is older studies you couldn't do those now, nor would you want to. But eventually what happens is the tone... The bell no longer evokes that response, okay? So you see this as a reversal of the classical conditioning and we call that reversal extinction. So the retelling of this traumatic or fearful narrative, excuse me, fearful narrative is essentially an extinction process. Now, how is this done? One can do this in a therapist office face-to-face, that's sometimes done. It's sometimes done in group type settings where people actually stand up or sit in front of a group small or large and recount in detail their traumatic experience. It's sometimes done by people writing out the experience in detail. And which one of these is the most effective? Isn't really clear. The literature points to the fact that a feeling of trust obviously between the patient and the clinician or the person and the group is essential. Some people don't have access to because of finances or other limitations to therapy of that sort. In that case, journaling in detail has been shown to be effective. Although, again, I want to caution people about reactivating traumas without consideration for the kinds of social support they might need around that reactivation. And we will talk a little bit later about some of the chemicals involved in social support and why those help extinguish fears. So the thing to embed in your mind is that recognition of the early traumatic or fearful event in detail over and over is key to forming a new non-traumatic association with that event or person. So that's part one, you need to diminish the old experience. And when I say diminish, I mean, reduce the amplitude of the physiological response. Now this is just but one approach. I'm going to talk about other approaches to eliminating fear and trauma as we go forward. But I want to emphasize that diminishing the amplitude of the physiological response is the first step. So it's like a clearing away of the association between the person, place or thing and that threat reflex. But even after that's occurred, there's an essential need to relearn a new narrative. Why is their essential need to relearn a new narrative or create a new association? Well, that has to do with that fear reflect circuitry. As you recall, there outputs two areas of the brain that are associated with Dopamine release and reinforcement. And that we now know offers the capacity for these fear circuits in these circuits that underlie trauma to be mapped onto new experiences that are of positive association. So I'm going to give a kind of basic example. It's a kind of a silly example, but I'm giving it as a template for what could be any number of other different examples. Example I'll give is let's say a kid is biking to play soccer, soccer practice, and they get into a bad car accident, okay? Terrible thing to happen, but they survive. They recover. And somehow... And we really don't know why certain fear memories get wired in more broadly or more narrowly. Somehow this kid just doesn't even want to bicycle anymore. And they actually don't even want to play sports. And they actually just don't want to go anywhere. They're kind of isolating and not interacting with friends very much at all. It's a pretty broad response. It didn't have to be that way. Some kids would just decide they don't want to cycle any more down that particular street. Well, the process of retelling the narrative to a clinician would allow an extinction of the fear response, right? So a reduction in the heart rate, a reduction in the narrowing of focus, a reduction in all the things that we consider fear. But a really good cognitive behavioral therapist or somebody that understands the Neuroscience of fear and trauma would understand that that's not sufficient. That's what it's really important is that this child, this hypothetical child relearn a new narrative that they don't just manage to bike to soccer practice or manage to spend time with friends, but that they actually start wiring in new positive associations with biking to practice, with playing soccer, with social events. And, and this is the somewhat surprising feature of this and that they link that back to that early traumatic experience. That it's not just that they're replacing that bad experience and memory with a good experience and memory, but they're actually holding in mind in these top-down narrative circuits, if you will. They're holding in mind, "Ah, I'm not just biking to soccer practice. I'm actually biking to soccer practice and I'm enjoying it despite the fact that I was in a bad car accident. Despite the fact that two months ago or two years ago, or maybe even 10 years ago, I couldn't even leave my room or I didn't want to associate with anybody." So the building up of the positive associations are key. And the linking of those positive associations with the earlier traumatic event is key for the following reason, the top-down circuitry from the prefrontal cortex to this threat reflex circuit is not like the other connections in that circuit. The other connections in that circuit are what we call glutamatergic and excitatory. They are all about activating other neurons, like a chain reaction. One neuron activates, the next activates, the next like dominoes falling. These top-down circuits that feed into the threat reflex and all its parts is what we call inhibitory. It tends to prevent activation of those given circuitries. of the threat reflex. So it's acting as a break. And so when we think of positive experiences being associated with what was previously a negative experience, we're not talking about forgetting that the car accident was horrible or forgetting that the assault was absolutely dreadful. We're talking about attaching a new positive memory to the circuitry so that the previous fear response is far less likely to occur and that it remains extinguished. So just to make sure this is absolutely clear, there's a first step which involves retelling and reliving in order to extinguish the fear and the trauma, to reduce the amplitude of the response. Then there's a need to replace or attach positive experiences to the earlier what would be traumatic response. The extinction has to go first, this is key. You can't simply say, "Oh, you know, the car accident was actually a good thing because I stayed home a lot that year and I got to study." You can tell yourself that and that could also be true. But that won't necessarily and probably won't eliminate the fear or the traumatic association of the car accident. And again, I'm using car accidents as a general example or a generic example here, okay? So there's a three-part process. One diminished the old experience through repetitive narrative. And almost inevitably the initial repetition of that is going to be very high amplitude and quite troubling. But over time it will reduce, right? You're turning that terrible really upsetting story into a terrible boring story. That's the extinction process. Then there's a relearning of a new narrative that includes some sort of sense of reward. And that sense of reward has to be tacked back on to the traumatic event or what was previously a traumatic event. And that is all through narrative. It's all through cognition. And I think this is a very important point. Oftentimes I think we tend to undervalue the importance of rationalization and of story and of narrative. But the prefrontal cortex is this amazing capacity of our brain real estate to create meaning, to attach meaning and purpose to things that otherwise are just reflexive. And in the example of an ice bath, it might be a little trivial. In the example of the kid with a car accident, it becomes a little more relevant. And in the example of things like people surviving, you know, genocide or attaching stories of great victory to what were previously thought of as stories of great loss of time, of people, of any number of things. That process of narrative is one of the major ways that the human brain rewires itself. Narrative should not be undervalued as a tool for relieving fear and trauma. In fact, narrative is one of the best and most potent ways that we can rewire our fear circuitry. And that indeed we can form completely new relationships to things over time. So basically narratives should not be undervalued as a tool to rewire our nervous system but it has to be engaged in the correct sequence. And that correct sequence is first extinction, then relearning a new narrative with positive associations and attaching those positive associations to the formerly traumatic or fearful event. Now I mentioned prolonged exposure therapy, cognitive processing, and cognitive behavioral therapy. For those of you that are seeking relief from fear and traumatic events, you can look up licensed clinicians that can carry out those one or several of those types of therapies. I get a lot of questions about other forms of therapy. One of the ones that comes up a lot is so-called EMDR, Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing developed by Francine Shapiro in the 80s. Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing involves moving the eyes side to side while recounting a traumatic or fearful narrative typically with a clinician present. Why would that work? Well, basically when I first heard about EMDR from my stance as a vision scientist I thought the whole thing was kind of crazy and half-baked frankly. I heard these theories that, "Oh, it recreates the eye movements in rapid eye movement sleep or REM sleep." And that's completely false. It does not. I heard the argument EMDR activates both sides of the brain, which I guess hypothetically was thought to be important somehow. And frankly, there's no evidence whatsoever that EMDR activates both sides of the brain in a way that's beneficial. I mean, by looking from side to side, just because of the way that binocular vision circuits are organized it will do that. But it never made any sense to me why EMDR would work until several years ago when I saw. Because I reviewed no fewer than five papers. Some in animal models, others in humans looking at lateral eye movements. Meaning I moving from side to side with eyes open, not eyes up or down. And what was observed in these experiments in all of them actually, all five of those papers was a dramatic reduction in the activation and actually an inhibition a suppression of the fear or threat reflect circuitry which was a jaw dropper for me. I thought, "Wow, it actually was a jaw dropper." I widened that. For me, I thought, "Oh my goodness, maybe this EMDR stuff works according to some mechanism. And maybe this is the mechanism." And indeed many laboratories, not mine, but many laboratories are now pursuing that idea. And it's looking very likely. Why would that happen? Well, just very briefly, a lateralized eye movements of the sort that I'm describing and I'm moving my hand like this but I'll just do it with my eyes even though it's a little embarrassing to do that. Cause I know it looks strange, I don't mind cause I'm doing EMDR and EMDR reduces activation of the amygdala and related circuitries which reduces anxiety and reduces the amplitude Reduces sympathetic autonomic arousal. In other words, we feel calmer or we feel less alert, less stressed when moving our eyes from side to side. I just heard a story about this is that these are the sorts of eye movements that we do when we are ambulating, moving through space, through some sort of self-generated motion. And one can make up a pretty reasonable story in the evolutionary context or ecological context that forward movement and fear are generally incompatible with one another. That generally a fear response involves a freezing or a retreating. Some people will advance, but that's usually a trained advance in response to fear so first responders and so forth. Most people freeze or retreat when they're afraid. Forward movement generates these eye movements. It does seem to suppress activation of this threat reflex and the amygdala in particular. So for the many EMDR practitioners out there these papers I think are a great celebration. And I think there is now increasing excitement about EMDR in the psychiatric and psychological community for its utility, for treating fear, trauma and PTSD. However, I should point out that in discussing EMDR with various colleagues of mine at Stanford and elsewhere, I was told that EMDR has been shown to be beneficial in particular for single event type traumas or fearful experiences. Not so much for relieving the trauma or feelings of fear associated. For instance, with an entire bad marriage or an entire childhood. But more for single more acute events that can be described within a very kind of brief narrative. Brief, not necessarily in time, but that the car accident, the bad interaction with another individual, the assault, God forbid, these sorts of things. And I realize we're down in the weeds of topics that are unpleasant. And so I have great sensitivity to that but I think it's also important that we be realistic about the kinds of things that traumatize people. So is EMDR useful? Well, it seems like it works for these single event or kind of constrained event type traumas that people can describe while moving their eyes from side to side generally in the presence of a clinician. However, if we think back to the model of how you extinguish and then replace a trauma or fear, remember you have to diminish the old experience the amplitude of that. You need to... That's the extinguish portion. Then you need to relearn a new narrative and attach reward to the old traumatic event. EMDR only really taps into the extinction of the physiological response to the old experience. I'm sure that there are EMDR practitioners out there that are thinking about the attaching of the new narrative and reward, but there I've heard less and I've seen fewer peer-reviewed papers on that. So let's think about this logically. Let's say, and indeed it's the case that I'm sitting down in a chair and moving eyes side to side deliberately for some period of time reduces activation of the threat reflex. I or the patient in this case, recites or repeats over and over the traumatic event or the fearful event. I'm doing that in the presence of a lower amplitude response. Remember back to where we talked about how the retelling works best if the first time it's done there's a huge amplitude response. And then with each successive repeat that response the threat response gets lower and lower. With EMDR, you're sort of short circuiting you're kind of sneaking around the corner of that high amplitude response. And so it's taking a somewhat different approach of trying to extinguish the bad feelings in body and mind associated with an experience by reducing the physiological response. So it's somewhat different. And at least to my knowledge and EMDR practitioners please correct me, but at least to my knowledge, there isn't an active component to EMDR of relearning a new narrative and attaching reward. Now reward and attaching reward requires a somewhat high amplitude sympathetic arousal. It requires a feeling of a victory which is arousal, okay? It's positive arousal, not negative arousal, but it is arousal. So I'm not focusing on this to try and diminish the potential impact of EMDR. I know many people have achieved great relief from EMDR but it doesn't tap into all the aspects of the extinction and relearning that we talked about previously. And therefore, I think on its own at least in many cases is unlikely to be a complete therapy for fear and trauma. If there are people out there who've had terrific results with the EMDR, please let us know in the comment section, on YouTube would be the ideal place. If you've had bad experiences with EMDR or it didn't work for you also let us know. I think that EMDR practitioners like most practitioners in the psychiatric and psychological space are eager to expand their practices in order to make them more effective rather than clinging ardently to something that perhaps is incomplete or that doesn't work for certain individuals. So I think they would appreciate that feedback as would I. So, as I mentioned before, most of these therapies are done in conjunction with a skilled often one would hope credentialed clinician. There are many people however, that don't have access to that or who are working through stuff. They have things in their past that are very uncomfortable to them. And I'm aware that many people are working through those things. Through journaling, through talking to a friend, through any number of different sort of non-traditional approaches. One thing that really pertains to everybody who's working through fear and trauma of any kind is the importance of social connection as it relates to the chemical systems and the neural circuits associated with fear and trauma. And this is a emerging literature in Neuroscience that is really a beautiful one because it's a very conserved biology. We see it, believe it or not in flies and fruit flies, a commonly used model system. In mice and indeed in humans as well. And this is the work of David Anderson's group at Caltech, again, of Dr. Ressler's group at Harvard Medical and elsewhere, of course. And this is the work as it relates to Tachykinin. Tachykinin is a very interesting molecule in our brain and it turns out the Tachykinin is activated in neurons of what's called the central amygdala and some nearby structures. So really smack dab within the middle of this threat reflex. Very soon after some traumatic or fear inducing event occurs. And it actually sets in motion a number of other things including changes in gene expression and potentiation meaning long-term potentiation, activation of an NMDA receptors and so on. In the circuits that reinforce that fearful or traumatic experience. Now what's interesting about Tachykinin is also that it's been shown to lead to low to moderate levels of anxiety and even kind of aggression, irritability. Tachykinin levels are further increased by social isolation. And that social isolation is oftentimes what can exacerbate pre-existing traumas or fearful events. And in a kind of beautiful symmetry to that kind of dark and depressing story, social connection with people that we trust. And it doesn't have to be direct physical contact but just social connection conversing with, sharing a meal with, it could be physical touch if that's appropriate. Those sorts of connections actually serve to reduce the effectiveness or even the levels of Tachykinin. So the important point here is that trauma is traumatic in and of itself. Fearful events are hard in and of themselves. And if people are working through them either through clinical work or through individual work. It is important and in ideally one would still be trying to access social connection outside of that specific work-related to the trauma. Now it doesn't necessarily have to be outside of that. For instance, if you have a good relationship with a clinician or therapist to the point where there's real trust and you feel a social connection with them, wonderful. But for many people, they have a more transactional relationship to the EMDR practitioner or to their therapist, or they're working through things on their own. And it's really important to understand that regular social connection, trusting social connection of any kind is going to be very beneficial for that process. And so this is not the kind of just hand-wavy, a new agey stuff like, "Oh, you know you need social connection." There's a actual neurochemical basis for social isolation that has an amplifying effect on fear and trauma. And there is a neurochemical basis for the relief from fear and trauma and isolation. And in the ideal circumstance, one is working through these traumas and fears very intensely in a very dedicated way. But then is also engaging in the sorts of social interactions that are going to diminish the amount of Tachykinin and going to suppress those very circuits that would otherwise be amplified. So next I'd like to talk about some really interesting and almost kind of eerie scientific findings. And that's the transgenerational passage of trauma or predisposition to fear and trauma. This is a scientific literature that's been debated many times over the last really 50 plus years. But in more recent studies have really proven that we as humans have the capacity to inherit a predisposition to trauma or fear. Now that doesn't necessarily mean that we will become traumatized or experience extreme fear just because our parents or grandparents experienced that. It's a predisposition, it's a bias. Let me explain the papers that focus on this for a little bit. And then we'll talk about what this means for each of us. One of the most important papers in this area comes to us from someone I mentioned earlier, Dr. Kerry Ressler at Harvard. And the title of the paper is, Association of FKBP5 polymorphisms and childhood abuse with risk of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms in adults. And there are other papers as well. Another one from the Ressler's Lab, first author, Brian Dias, D-I-A-S. Parental olfactory experience influences behavior and neural structure in subsequent generations. I'm going to summarize these papers and their general contour and papers related to them. Although, feel free to look up the papers I just described. We will provide a link to them in the caption if you'd like to go further. But basically these explorations involve looking at the histories of human individuals who had trauma or abuse of some kind in their childhood. And then looking at the likelihood of fear and PTSD type symptomology in their offspring. And essentially what they identified is that indeed, if you had a parent and there does seem to be a kind of a bias toward an effect where if the father had abuse and it's severe abuse or moderate abuse. That abuse causes a change in his genetics, in his sperm that can be passed on to offspring such that the offspring have a lower threshold to develop trauma or extreme fear to certain types of events. Now what's important to point out is that predisposition or bias is not necessarily to the same sorts of events. It's not that the abuse itself gets passed from one generation to the next it's a predisposition. And the title of that paper mentioned, FKB5, excuse me, FKBP5 polymorphisms. And the FKBP5 polymorphisms maps to a location in the genome that's associated with the so-called glucocorticoid system with cortisol release. So the predisposition that one might inherit from having a parent father or mother but stronger tendency to inherit it from the father. Who experienced abuse is one in which the glucocorticoid system, the cortisol system, and that HPA axis that we talked about before the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is sensitized or reactive in a way that sets a lower threshold to become traumatized or very afraid of certain types of events. But it's not unique to the specific type of abuse that the parent experienced. Now, this is really, really important because a lot of times out there I will hear that there's passage or transgenerational passage of actual trauma, the specific trauma. Now that could be through narrative telling, if somebody is exposed to a lot of narrative about their parents' trauma in one form or another. It may be that they start to internalize some of that trauma. And there could be because we obviously can't rule it out. There could be some other signatures of prior specific traumas they get passed on to offspring. But more likely and certainly what these data about these polymorphisms point to is that what gets passed on is a propensity for the threat reflex to get activated and attached to a wider variety or to less intense types of inputs and experiences. And the important point to take away from this is that it's not some magical, mysterious, and mystical thing that's being transplanted from parent to child. It's a gene or it's a modification in a set of genes that gives a heightened level of responsivity to fearful type events. Or even a high level of responsivity such that things that wouldn't be fear inducing or trauma inducing to certain individuals can trigger fear and trauma in these children that inherit this particular gene. mean that they are faded to forever be traumatized or live in fear. It's simply not the case. It's just a genetic predisposition regardless of whether or not you had a parent or parents that were traumatized or not. There's no evidence, at least as far as I'm aware that the treatments for trauma should be any different. As far as I know there aren't gene therapies currently aimed at these particular variants, like FKBP5 and so forth that could reverse those particular genetic underpinnings of the trauma predisposition. So this transgenerational passage of trauma, I think is extremely interesting in large part because it brings us back to this idea that the threat reflux is part of a larger sensory system. You know, normally we think of seeing as a sensory system or hearing as a sensory system. But the threat detection and threat learning system, the fear learning system is in many ways a sensory system. It's just a sensory system that is very generic in its response. That generic response again is good because it allows for flexibility but it's bad because it reduces specificity, right? We can essentially become fearful or traumatized by anything if the circuit gets activated. And these particular children inherit a predisposition for more things and less intense things to traumatize them. In a few minutes, we are going to discuss some of the behavioral treatments including some really new exciting protocols for dealing with fear and trauma. But for a few minutes, I'd like to discuss some of the drug treatments that are starting to emerge as potential therapeutics in particular for PTSD. The two drug treatments I'd like to focus on are Ketamine-Assisted Psychotherapy, and MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy. Currently Ketamine-Assisted Psychotherapy is legal. It is approved, provided it is prescribed by a board certified physician in the United States. I'm not certain about other areas of the world. MDMA also sometimes called Ecstasy therapy is in clinical trials in the U S, it is still an illegal drug to possess or to sell. So I want to be very clear about that. However, MDMA is being explored as a potential therapeutic for PTSD and other forms of trauma. And of course, Ketamine and MDMA are also both being explored for chronic depression, eating disorders and a number of other psychiatric disorders. But for the moment I would just like to touch on Ketamine and MDMA as they relate to the fear circuitry and trauma circuitry that we've described in the early part of the episode and throughout the episode. Because I think that in viewing them through that lens, we can gain some additional insight into how they might be providing the sorts of relief that some of the early clinical studies are starting to point to. Ketamine is a dissociative anesthetic. That's right. It's a dissociative anesthetic. It's main function is to create a state of dissociation. And I've never taken ketamine personally so I can't describe the experience of it. But a colleague of mine in psychiatry shared their experience with a patient's experience of it as making that patient feel as if, "They were getting out of the cockpit of a plane, but that they were observing themselves doing it." And this was of course, during a approved therapeutic session that they were doing this and they were in some sort of intense visualization about a traumatic experience. They were describing some of their depressive symptoms as well as the trauma. And their narrative that they basically created or took away from this. And that was relayed to me was one in which the patient felt like they were in their own body but they were also viewing their own body from the outside. So dissociative, in other words. Again, I've never had this experience. Some of you may have with Ketamine or through other means. But we might want to just take a moment and think about what Ketamine actually does and what dissociation actually does at the level of neurocircuits? And for that, we can look to this really beautiful paper that was published by my colleagues, Karl Deisseroth in psychiatry, Robert Malenka, also in psychiatry, Liqun Luo, also at Stanford. They paired up or teamed up rather to explore how systemic Ketamine adjust circuitries in the brain. And what they discovered was that it changes the rhythm of cortical activity in certain layers of the cortex. The cortex is like a layered sandwich. The cortex of course, being the outside of the brain. And there was a particular rhythm a one to three hertz rhythm. One to three hertz just means a particular frequency of electrical activity. In this case, in these layer 5 neurons of Retrosplenial cortex. So you don't need to know much about Retrosplenial cortex or a one to three hertz rhythms. I think the important thing to just take away from this is that there is now starting to be an understanding of how drugs like Ketamine work to create this subjective experience that this patient and other patients describe as dissociation. You know, dissociation in its essence is really about not feeling what's happening. It's about viewing what's happening from a different perspective than what normally one would view that experience from. And so if we add a plug that general notion of dissociation and Ketamine induced association into the circuit that we talked about before, where we have this threat reflex involving the amygdala. These outputs for freezing or for reward and the accumbens. And we've got this prefrontal narrative coming down as top-down processing. It brings us right to that prefrontal cortical input to the threat system and that narrative. What seems to be the case in my review of the paper I just described, plus a review on how Ketamine-assisted trauma relief might work is that it somehow allows the patient, the individual to recount their trauma while feeling either none or a very different set of emotional experiences that they experienced in the actual trauma or fearful experience. So it's a remapping of new onto old. New meaning new feelings onto old feelings while staying in the exact same narrative. So it's a little bit like EMDR of suppressing the threat reflex but it seems to bring in a replacement of previous emotional experiences and sensations in the body with new ones. And so in that way we can sort of view or we can try and view Ketamine-Assisted Psychotherapy for the treatment of trauma as bringing together the three elements that we talked about before. You want to diminish the intensity, the potency of the old original trauma experience or fear experience. So that seems to be accomplished through this dissociation and maybe through the kind of anesthetic component. So it's a reduction in pain in the body, a dissociation, a kind of observing of the self that leads to the extinction of the trauma and the fear. But then there also seems to be an automatic or kind of built in a relearning of a new narrative, a new set of experiences which is the next step that we described earlier. So it's an intriguing therapy. It's one that's really catching on and there are many, many clinics around the U S that are now doing it. Whether or not it turns out to be the ultimate treatment for trauma and for fear isn't clear. My colleagues in psychiatry tell me that that's unlikely, although it does seem to be beneficial for a number of people. Especially people that are experiencing trauma or have existing traumas and fear that are coupled with depressive symptoms. Because the data on Ketamine and depression seems to be quite strong. So now let's talk about MDMA. MDMA also sometimes called Ecstasy or Molly in its recreational form is a powerful synthetic drug that at least as far as we know, creates a state in the brain and body that is unlike any other chemical state in the brain and body that's normally experienced. What do I mean by that? Well, we have several Neuromodulator systems in our body. Neuromodulators are chemicals that change the likelihood that certain neural circuits will be active. Meaning they can make it very likely that certain circuits will be active and make it very unlikely that other neural circuits will be active. Good examples of neuromodulators are dopamine, serotonin, acetylcholine, norepinephrine. These tend to work on different systems in the brain and body but they tend to be activated more or less in parallel, right? You can have Dopamine released in your brain and also Norepinephrine. You can have Serotonin and also Acetylcholine. So it's not an all or none kind of thing, but the degrees to which these things are activated tends to vary. And there is a little bit of a seesaw type phenomenon with Dopamine and Serotonin. Dopamine most commonly associated with activating neurocircuits related to motivation, craving, and reward. And Serotonin more typically activated in response to situations or conditions in which we are very happy and content with what we have. So Dopamine is more about pursuing and seeking. Serotonin is more about kind of pleasure and satisfaction with resources that we have in our immediate sphere. They don't tend to... Serotonin doesn't tend to place the brain and body into a mode of action quite as much as Dopamine does, more or less. MDMA is a unique compound in that it leads to very large increases in the amount of both Dopamine and Serotonin in the brain and body simultaneously. And that's a unique circumstance that is just simply not seen under normal conditions. From a subjective standpoint, people under the influence of MDMA in the therapeutic setting, tend to report immense feelings of connection or resonance with people or even things with music, with objects. Certainly if it's being done in conjunction with a family member or a partner or with a therapist, they will feel extremely connected to that person. They'll feel a very close understanding and association. Oftentimes that goes beyond words. There is a chemical reason for that. It turns out that MDMA causes massive release of oxytocin. This neuropeptide that's associated with pair bonding and with bonding generally. The oxytocin system and the Serotonin system are closely linked to one another in the brain and body. And they tend to be co-released often at the same times and by the same sorts of events. So MDMA is one mechanism by which oxytocin is released in these massive amounts. And I should just relay some of the levels of oxytocin because they're really quite striking, gives a kind of a more vivid picture of why it is the MDMA would make people feel so associated in a positive way with the various things that are happening them while they're under the influence of the drug. So the paper related to this that I'd like to highlight is in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology. The title of the paper is Plasma oxytocin concentrations following MDMA or intranasal oxytocin in humans. And just remarkably MDMA increased plasma oxytocin levels to 83.7, this is an average, 83.7 picograms per milliliter. About 90 to 120 minutes into the MDMA session compared to a typical level of 18.6. So this is a massive increase in oxytocin. And I think that massive increase in oxytocin is part of the reason why people have these feelings of close resonance and association. Now, the Dopamine increases are generally what lead to the feelings of euphoria inside of the MDMA session. And then the Serotonin increases it is thought are what lead to the feelings of safety and comfort. So again, a very unusual chemical cocktail that would never be seen at least not at this amplitude under any normal conditions outside of an MDMA clinical psychotherapeutic session. Why would this state of mind and body be potentially useful for the treatment of trauma? Well, indeed it is revealing itself to be useful for the treatment of trauma. Again, these are legal clinical trials where people are doing this and discovering this. What it seems to allow is a very fast relearning or new associations to be tacked on to the previously traumatic experience. So again, it brings us back to the same model of how people extinguish fears and traumas and replace them with new experiences when there is no drug treatment involved. There needs to be a diminishing of the old experience, meaning an extinction and then a relearning of a new narrative. What the chemical [indistinct] of MDMA seems to be doing is creating an opportunity for all that to happen very fast without the need for many repetitions of the original trauma and reliving of the original trauma. Probably because the reliving of it inside of one of these MDMA sessions is very acute, very intense, plus it seems to be offering the opportunity to extinguish and rewrite in or write in a new narrative associated with that trauma very quickly as well. So what this means is that treatments like MDMA that are under investigation in these clinical trials are unlikely to be magic potions, if you will, that allow access to a particular process that would otherwise not be accessible. It's more that the typical process of trauma and fear reduction that's carried out in things like prolonged exposure, cognitive processing, cognitive behavioral therapy seems to be compacted into a much shorter session. And that session is performed at a much higher intensity. Higher intensity because the chemical [indistinct] of the brain is completely different. I mean, the experience of MDMA is one in which people have a very heightened sense of euphoria, very heightened sense of connection. So those positive experiences are essentially primed to be written in and over the traumatic experience and because of the high levels of Serotonin in the system and probably oxytocin as well, there's a safety that's written into the situation that allows people to lean into perhaps narratives or components of narratives that they would otherwise be holding back from. So these are powerful compounds, and I think the future of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for a trauma in particular is holding great promise. As of now, meaning at the time of the recording of this podcast. Again, I want to reiterate that these are clinical trials are being done legally. These drugs are still illegal to possess or sell outside of clinical trials. Doing this sort of thing is punishable. But it does seem that the FDA and some of the related bodies that control these sorts of things are eyes open to this stuff. And I think it's very likely in the next few years, things like MDMA and certainly Ketamine has already in widespread use within the psychiatric community. And I think we're going to be seeing a lot more of that. One thing we have not touched on yet is how do you know if you're traumatized? How do you know if you have chronic fear or a debilitating fear? You know, much of the psychiatric community focuses on how many other problems people might have. Trouble sleeping, trouble eating, trouble maintaining quality work, or schoolwork and so forth. And all of those are certainly very valid criteria and necessary criteria for determining whether or not somebody meets a clinical diagnosis or not. But there's a biological component that I think we can all assess for ourselves. And that's one of interoceptive versus exteroception balance. And that sounds confusing, but it's actually really easy to understand. We can focus our perception on the external world, events going on around us, beyond the confines of our skin or within the confines of our skin. A focus and a perception on the external world is what's called exteroception and a focus on what's happening inside us is interoception. And we have the capacity to build mental appraisal into that, right? I can for instance, stop for a moment and assess how my stomach feels, how hungry I feel, how quick my heart is beating. Some people by the way are much better at sensing whether or not their heart is beating at a particular rate and others, not so much. Some people can actually count their heartbeats without having to take their pulse by placing pressure on their wrist or their neck. Some people can't. In other words, some people have very high interoceptive awareness and other people less so. This whole business of fear and trauma relates to taking external experiences and funneling those experiences into this thing that I'm calling a threat reflux or the fear circuitry. A recent paper published in the journal Science. So absolutely spectacular journal, science, nature and cell being the apex journals of scientific publishing. Gets at this issue of where in our mind and how do we assess whether or not what we are feeling internally is reasonable given what's going on externally. And it's a really fascinating study. I'm just going to highlight a little bit of it for you and then I'll touch on some of the relevant aspects and how that can be adopted into a practice to assess and reduce fear and anxiety. The title of this paper published just a few weeks ago in Science is, Fear balance is maintained by bodily feedback to the insular cortex in mice. We've not talked too much about the insular, also called the insular cortex. This is a brain area that my lab has worked on and other labs have worked on. It's a brain area that has within it a map of our internal interoceptive landscape. It's a map of our internal bodily sensations. And it's a really interesting structure. So the way this study was carried out is that subjects were taught or conditioned to a particular danger signal through repeated presentation of a sound with a foot shock. So there's a sound and there's a foot shock. And as you know, from our earlier discussion about Pavlovian learning, conditions stimulate, an unconditioned stimulate. Eventually the sound alone comes to evoke the fear response. And that's just classic, classical conditioning. The insular is this brain area that's associated with determining whether or not one's internal sensations, gut, heart, lungs, et cetera, are reasonable or not given the external circumstances. It can even measure or is associated with our understanding of what are called arterial baroreceptors. These are blood pressure sensors. So believe or not, when you know your pulse rate increases or you feel like you're stressed out, your arterial baroreceptors are sending a signal to your insular cortex and your insular cortex is saying, wow, like I'm really stressed out, my blood pressure is up, right? You don't actually have to measure your blood pressure with a cuff, your insular is doing it for you. It's not getting a quantitative readout, but it's getting a qualitative readout. The main effect of inhibiting or reducing the activity of the insular was that the intensity of an outside world experience led to a range of different internal effects. In other words, for most people a mild shock would induce a mild increase in heart rate, a mild increase in blood pressure. Whereas an intense shock to the skin would lead to a big increase in heart rate and a big increase in blood pressure. Turns out the insular is important for establishing that match of intensity. And when the insular is inhibited, what ends up happening is that a mild shock can create a big increase in blood pressure. And that can be maintained such that anything that's paired with that shock like a bell, or a tone would lead to a big increase in blood pressure. You've probably seen examples of this in the real world. Maybe this is even you. Some people are very jumpy in response to just even small changes in their environment. So if somebody is working and you walk in and you say, "Hello." And they'll go, they're jumpy. They have a low threshold to a big anxiety or fear response. Other people are really calm. I recall my bulldog, unfortunately passed away, but before he passed away, if you walked in the room and he said, "Hey, Costello." He might turn his eyes in your direction. He had a very high threshold to respond. He was pretty low anxiety animal. A lot of people are like that. You'd come up behind someone you say, "Hello." And they just turn around real slow, or they might just turn around at normal speeds and say, "Hello." Whereas other people jump out of their seat. The insular seems to be involved in calibrating how big or how high amplitude a given physiological response is. So it's pairing the internal landscape with the external world. And this might seem like just a mechanistic, but non-actionable point. But what you'll see from the next study that I'm going to describe is that recalibrating the relationship between outside events and internal responses, which is the job of the insular is actually something that's under our control. And through a very simple, very short protocol, we can actually recalibrate that system so much so that we can potentially reduce the amount of fear and trauma that we experience, in response to a memory or to a real event. And the entire process can occur very quickly. So I'm really excited to tell you about this next study for a number of reasons. First of all, it's extremely recent. Second of all, it's very well grounded in our current understanding of the mechanisms of stress, trauma and PTSD and unlearning of stress, trauma and PTSD. And third, it points to a actionable protocol that while certainly is not the only approach that I think people could or should take for fear, trauma and PTSD. Is one that I think we are going to see implemented into the clinical setting very soon if it's not happening already. Now, there's a fourth reason I'm very interested in it, which is that my lab works on stress, stress-relief and tools for managing sleep and improving focus, et cetera. And one of the hallmarks of the studies we've been doing lately is very brief five minute a day interventions of the sort that was used in this particular study. Although I should emphasize, I had nothing to do with this particular study. Now this particular study was carried out in an animal model in mice. The work in my laboratory focuses on human subjects. But the similarities of the stress system at least at the level that it was explored in this study I think have great relevance maybe even direct relevance to humans. So the title of this study is, Repeated exposure with short-term behavioral stress resolves pre-existing stress-induced depressive-like behavior in mice. Again, this study was in mice. And basically what they did is they stressed out mice, got them depressed, and you actually can do that in a mouse using a restraint protocol. And that's a long lasting restraint protocol, a 15 minutes or more. Mice Don't like it, you do it often enough. They stop working so hard in their life, in their mouse life to gain food, to gain mates. They show depressive symptoms in a number of levels. They show elevated glucocorticoids. You see the same thing in humans, Okay? Chronic stress in humans lasting weeks or more does the same exact thing. So again, a very close match here in terms of mechanism overall. And then what they did was a very counterintuitive thing. Rather than give these animals stress relief at the level of reducing their anxiety with Benzodiazepines, or giving them a nice little mouse vacation, or enriched environment. Things that have been done in a lot of previous studies. What they did is they subjected them to five minutes a day of intense stress, but only five minutes a day. And what they found was miraculously, but also very convincingly. Daily short bouts of intense stress actually undid, reversed the effects of chronic stress. And it did this at the level of glucocorticoids, of hormones, of neurotransmitters and a number of other different mechanisms. Now, I find this very exciting for a number of reasons but in particular, because my laboratory in collaboration with David Spiegel laboratory, our associate chair of psychiatry at Stanford. Been exploring how five minute a day respiration protocols can alleviate stress. And while those data are not yet published, they are at the stage where I'm comfortable talking about them. And we are seeing some very impressive and significant effects on stress reduction not just from respiration protocols that allow people to calm themselves but also respiration protocols that bring people into a heightened state of autonomic sympathetic arousal, AKA stress. As my colleague, Dr. David Spiegel, he's an MD psychiatrist and PhD. Likes to say, "When it comes to trauma, anxiety and PTSD, and the treatment of trauma, anxiety, and PTSD, it's not just the state that you are in or that you go into. It's how you got there and whether or not you had anything to do with it." And this brings us right back to those top-down mechanisms and the narrative around what we are experiencing internally. So let's zoom out and I'll explain how this works and what to do about it. We have this brain structure called the insular. We talked about the insular a few minutes ago. The insular is calibrating how we feel internally versus what's going on externally. It's involved in setting whether or not what we are feeling is appropriate given what's happening. We have a system that can generate threat responses. And in the case of trauma, PTSD, and extreme stress, chronic stress, that system gets ramped up so that it takes very little, maybe even just a memory or maybe even an association that we're not even aware of, our location trigger something, we're not even aware of it. And we start experiencing that symptomology. How do we recalibrate the system? Well, most of the approaches that are out there involving drug treatments, typical drug treatments would involve suppressing the level of internal arousal. Just trying to bring that down. Now, some of those drug treatments work. But oftentimes they don't. And if you think about it, it's probably not surprising that they don't because by taking a drug that just lowers your anxiety overall you're creating a different sort of miscalibration of the system. So what we've been doing in human subjects is having them do either breathing protocols that calm them, and I'll explain what that is in a moment, or doing breathing protocols that increase their level of autonomic arousal and seeing how that impacts their response to stress overall not just during that particular breathing protocol. So the calming protocol that we use involves these physiological size. I've talked about these previously on the podcast and elsewhere but if you just need a reminder, if you haven't heard about it. There's a pattern of breathing that we all do in sleep. When our carbon dioxide levels in our bloodstream get too high. And we do this when we get claustrophobic, meaning we do it reflexively. And that's a double inhale through the nose followed by a long exhale. So it's, [Andrew breathing] And yes, the inhales should be through the nose and yes, the exhales should be done through the mouth, ideally. So it's a big filling of the lungs through two breaths back to back. Inhales. Even if you could only sneak in a little air on that second one, no talking to if you're going to do it right. And then a long exhale, which allows you to offload a lot of carbon dioxide in the exhale. And we have people doing that in real time anytime they experienced stress but the particular breathing protocol that we've been giving human subjects is for them to do the repeated... What we call cyclic sign. So double inhale, exhale, double inhale, exhale, double inhale, exhale repeatedly for five minutes. Which is actually a pretty long time to repeat that. But you can do it pretty slowly and people report and the data point to the fact that it's very calming. People feel more relaxed afterwards and that relaxation wicks out into other aspects of their life. Now, we did not look at stress and trauma in that condition. We also have another condition where people do what's called cyclic hyperventilation, which is very different and creates a very different internal state and is somewhat stressful. It's five minutes a day of stress much like the study that I just described. And involves basically doing this, what I'll do in a moment for five minutes which is hyperventilating. Which is, But not continuously for the five minutes because many people would pass out or feel extremely uncomfortable. It involves inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale, very deep inhale through the nose, exhale through the mouth. And then every 25 or 30 breaths or so doing a full exhale and holding one's breath, lungs empty for about 25, maybe 30, maybe even 60 seconds. And then continuing until five minutes is up. Subjects report and our data indicate that people feel a heightened level of autonomic arousal. In fact, I can feel it right now even from a very brief cyclic hyperventilation about I just did. You feel a heating up, you feel a... Some people will perspire, some people get wide-eyed, some people feel agitated. That's Adrenaline being released into your system. Now I'm not suggesting everyone run out and do this. And if you have a predisposition to panic attack or anxiety attacks please don't do this because it is very stimulating and can trigger those sorts of attacks. But this five minute a day protocol of cyclic hyperventilation does lead to big increases in autonomic arousal. So it's "Stressful" but to bring us back to my colleague, David Spiegel's quote. It really was him that said it, not me. It's not just about the state that you're in. It's about the state that you're in plus how you got there and whether or not you directed entry into that state. And that point one directs their own entry into a state deliberately is really key. And I think has an important implications for whether or not their stress relief and fear relief and trauma relief from bringing oneself into a state of increased autonomic arousal. Why? Because of the way that that fear and trauma circuitry is organized. If you recall, it's got these components of how external events can trigger an internal stress response and fear response and trauma response. But there's that top-down prefrontal component that can inhibit certain aspects of that fear and threat circuitry. Now, earlier we were talking about that prefrontal circuit being engaged through narrative, through self-directed deliberate narrative. It's the person deliberately retelling the story? Here we're talking about a deliberate reactivation of the sensations in the body. So where I think this is all going, meaning where my laboratory and the Spiegel laboratory and other laboratories out there are taking this. Is you can imagine a very brief five minutes a day, two weeks was the time that they did this for five minutes a day for two weeks. Intervention in which people, with the support of a clinician we would hope, would deliberately induce a physiological state that's very stressful, right? Not shying away from the stress response but increasing their own stress response deliberately. And maybe in conjunction with recounting the traumatic or fearful circumstance. This is far and away different than the kind of state of mind and body that would come about in a Ketamine-assisted trauma induced psychotherapy session, or a MDMA-assisted trauma psychotherapy session. Or in a purely narrative based psychotherapy session aimed at alleviating fear or trauma. The reason I like these sorts of interventions is that, A, they are very low cost or even zero cost, right? One you could imagine doing this while journaling or while recounting a particular experience. Again, they're very compact five minutes a day for two weeks is what was done in this particular mouse study. We don't know if that translates directly to the human study or not. What was interesting is that if they use the longer daily bouts of stress, like 15 minutes a day, that actually exacerbated the trauma and exacerbated the fear. So one has to be very careful. Stress and deliberate entry into stress and self stressing are very potent tools. They're very sharp blades that it does appear or it's likely can help alleviate trauma and fear. But how long to do this? Exactly what the protocol should be is still something that needs to be cultivated. I know there are going to be people out there that that nonetheless are going to want to experiment with some of this. I will say that I do not think it matters how one gets into that stressed state provided it as self-directed and that therefore could be cold shower. It could be ice bath. It could be anything that induces an acute, meaning a sudden onset of Adrenaline and is self-directed that's really the key feature here. So I'm very excited about these data both the five minute intervention data from the animal study. The work that's ongoing in my laboratory and Dr. Spiegel's laboratory, and the work that's being done on the insular. Because I think what we're starting to see now is a picture of fear and trauma and PTSD that has the sensory component, what's happening in the world around us. This internal interoceptive component, how appropriate are the signals that are occurring in my body? I mean, let's face it. If you almost get hit by a car and your heart rate is 140 beats per second. And that lasts for a little while and you're stressed out, you don't get the best night's sleep, that's pretty normal. That means you have a healthy fear system. If that persists and you're dealing with a lot of issues a week later, six weeks later, two years later. Then it's moved into the realm of trauma and PTSD. So we need to always be taking into account the different components of the circuitry. I do think that deliberate self-directed entry into these short bouts of stress is a very promising approach. And it's one that if people are going to experiment I just again, want to caution people with anxiety or panic disorders be very cautious, probably don't do it. Ideally you would do this in conjunction with support from a clinician. But I'm also aware that there are a lot of people out there that are dealing with trauma and dealing with post-traumatic stress of various kinds. And that they're desperate for various self directed intervention approaches. So just very briefly, I want to touch on some of the lifestyle and supplementation factors that can impact things like fear and trauma and getting over fear and trauma. To make a long story short. There are many things that we all can and should do to support our overall mental and physical health. And these are the foundational elements of quality nutrition. What that means to you? Quality sleep on a regular basis, ample sleep on a regular basis. We have an episode on how to master sleep in bed. We have four episodes that you can go to hubermanlab.com or elsewhere and scroll down and you can find those episodes in order to get your sleep really dialed in as they say. If you're sleeping regularly and for sufficient duration, all of the systems of your fear circuitry are going to function better. Mainly because the becomes very dysregulated when we are not getting good sleep on a regular basis. Dysregulated means that out of nowhere we can have a higher propensity to have sympathetic activation or we can feel really tired and wired. That seesaw that I described earlier of alertness and calmness of sympathetic and parasympathetic. In that analogy we can imagine that seesaw has a hinge and that hinge can neither be too tight nor too loose. If it's too tight, you can get locked into chronic activation of alertness or chronic fatigue. If it's too loose, you're bouncing all over the place and you might be [indistinct] tired and wired one moment and then really hyper alert. Sleep resets that balance and resets that hinge to the appropriate tightness, if you will. So that all these circuits and not just the circuits related to fear but also the circuits related to cognition, clear thinking to be able to spell out very clear detailed narratives, to feel like you are in control. You are deliberately bringing yourself into these protocols if that's what you intend to use. All of that functions much better when you're sleeping well and eating well. We talked about social connection. Those are all indirect supports of trauma relief and of getting over fear but they are essentia, okay? I think of them sort of like the tide. When the tide is high enough a boat can leave harbor. And if the tide is not high enough, then that boat is going to be stranded on shore. And in this analogy, the boat stranded on shore is your attempt or anybody's attempt to try and work through something. Very hard to do when we're sleep deprived, very hard to do when we're not fed enough or fed the proper foods for you. And that's a highly individual thing. And social connection as we talked about earlier, creates a general sense of support for the ability to move through things. But also chemical support at the level of suppressing Tachykinin, okay? So those foundational elements are absolutely key, but they are indirect. I just want to briefly mention a few of the things that some people find great benefit from in the supplementation realm as it relates to anxiety, stress, fear and PTSD. But I want to point out that again, these are somewhat indirect in their support and most of them focus on reducing anxiety overall. The two that I want to focus on are two that I've never talked about on this podcast before because I've done podcasts before on stress and managing stress in the kind of shorter term. So we've talked about Ashwagandha in a previous podcast, check out the podcast on stress, if you're interested in how that might be relevant as well as other tools. But the two are interesting ones. The first one is Saffron of all things. But there are 12 studies, believe it or not. That orally ingested Saffron at 30 milligrams seems to be a reliable dose for reducing anxiety on the standard inventories. The Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, for those of you that want to know. And these are significant effects. And these were carried out in both male and female subjects. Here I'm only referring to human studies. Several of these were double-blind studies. There's a meta analysis of the positive effects. Meaning anxiolytic affects, anxiety reducing effects that is of things like Saffron. Definitely have to check with your doctor and make sure it's right for you. But they're fairly impressive effects when you really think about it given that these are legal over the counter substances. Again, check with a doctor. The other one is a Inositol. Inositol has been shown to create a very notable decrease in anxiety symptoms. It's a fairly high dose that's used but believe it or not, the potency of this effect is on par with many of the prescription antidepressants. That's pretty impressive. These studies again are double-blind studies that all showed decreases in anxiety. These were done in males and females. The age range is very broad, which is great 18 all the way up to 64 across the studies that I at. One of the more important things is that the dosages are quite high 18 grams of Inositol taken for a full month. And it does take some time for these symptoms of anxiety to be improved. The low dose range was about 12 grams of Inositol, so as high as 18 as low as 12 grams. But then again, pretty impressive results considering that these are over the counter supplement compounds. There's even some evidence, I should just mention that the Inositol is also used for things like obsessive-compulsive disorder. We will do a full episode on OCD in the future, you can count on that. But in the meantime, Inositol does seem to have some positive effects on anxiety. And therefore it might provide a kind of supportive indirect effect for people that are trying to work through trauma and PTSD. Now, the question is when would you take it? Well, by the logic of what we spelled out today, you probably would not want to take it during a session or prior to a session where you were trying to amplify the intensity of an experience and the recounting of an experience in efforts to eventually extinguish that experience, right? Because if you put a drug or a compound of any kind prescription drug or supplement or any kind into your system you are essentially short-circuiting the extinguishing effect, right? So you could imagine doing this outside of that session as a way to kind of bring your system back to baseline, perhaps. So if you're going to use these sorts of things you want to think about them logically. And this also really points to the fact that many of the things that people are doing out there to self-medicate over use of alcohol or other substances to try and calm themselves because they have fear, anxiety and PTSD are actually driving that fear, anxiety and PTSD deeper into their system. Or at least is not allowing it to relieve itself through any attempts to recount or replay and using these top-down narrative circuits or other approaches. And the last compound I want to mention is a particularly interesting one, because it's neither an anxiolytic, nor is it something that increases overall levels of stress and alertness. But it has some kind of MDMA ish light contour to it. It does not produce as far as we know, the same mental effects or physical effects as MDMA by any stretch but that's... The substance I'm referring to rather is Kava. Kava has been shown in eight studies to have a very potent effect on reducing anxiety. But what's interesting about kava is that kava functions by increasing GABA, this inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. Remember GABA is the inhibitory neurotransmitter that is used, that's employed by the very neurons in the prefrontal cortex that serve to inhibit the threat reflex. So it seems to increase GABA, but it also increases Dopamine. And that's a somewhat unusual compound. I'm not aware of many compounds that simultaneously increase GABA and increase Dopamine. And as you recall, that threat reflex has outputs that tap into the Dopamine system. Now that's a big leap to go from a compound that increases GABA and Dopamine and look at a circuit spelled out on paper in front of us and say, "Oh, there's GABA and Dopamine in this circuit and therefore this is a good compound to take." But the effects of Kava in human studies are pretty interesting stress, PTSD and fear. I'm not going to summarize all of these because there are eight studies that I'm aware of. But I'll just mention, again, these are double blind studies. So the trial design is solid. The age ranges are anywhere from 18 to 64 which is a nice broad age range. The number of subjects is quite high both men and women. No signs of hepatotoxic signal so meaning liver toxicity, although of course, check with your doctor. But what was interesting is that after a period of about three weeks of treatment with anywhere from 150 milligrams of what are called active kava lactones, okay? So there are dosages that relate to that kava. So a hundred milligrams of extract of Kava is a kind of a reasonable typical dose in these studies. But that spells out to a certain amount of Kava lactone. So you have to kind of boil down to what is the appropriate dosage. And it turns out it's extremely broad. You'll see evidence of 50 milligrams, you'll see evidence of 300 milligrams, is kind of all over the place. But each of these studies alone and together point to the fact that Kava does seem to produce a very potent anxiolytic and general kind of improvement in depressive symptoms and reduction in generalized anxiety across the board. So it's an interesting compound. I've never actually tried any of the compounds I just mentioned. Kava, Saffron or Inositol. So I can't report on them personally. I just know that a number of listeners of this podcast are interested in supplements and legal over the counter approaches to their biology and psychology. And so that's why I mentioned them. Those were the three for which I found the most convincing evidence and the largest bulk of evidence. So if you're interested in exploring those proceed with caution but they do seem quite interesting. So today we've reviewed a large amount of information about the biology of pathways that underlie the fear response. And they give rise to chronic fear and in some cases to trauma and PTSD. We also touched on a large variety of approaches to dealing with fear, trauma and PTSD that currently exist in the clinical landscape out there. I also touch on some of the emerging themes, for instance, this short five minute a day deliberate self-directed stress of any kind through respiration or other approaches of increasing Adrenaline. As an approach that might be viable, I should emphasize might, be viable for enhancing the speed or the potency of treatments to reduce fear or eliminate trauma. Most important I believe is to understand and really think about the logical structure of the circuits that underlie fear and PTSD. Because in doing that each of us, all of us, can think about what sorts of treatments and approaches make the most sense for them. I also hope that it will help people lean into certain practices involving re-exposure, provided that's done in a supportive environment. Re-exposure to a given traumatic event in an attempt to extinguish that. Obviously you want to do that safely, meaning psychologically safely and physically safely. There are great practitioners out there that can help you with that work. There are also a number of people out there I am certain that are carrying certain traumas or certain fears that they would like to alleviate that are not in the extreme clinical realm. And that's the reason why I touched on a number of things including some self-directed practices that might be useful and reasonable for them to explore. I realize we covered a lot of information today. If you're enjoying and are learning from this podcast and you're not traumatized by the amount of information covered, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please subscribe to the podcast on apple and Spotify. And on apple, you have the opportunity to leave us up to a five star review. If you have suggestions of guests you'd like us to host on the podcast or you have topics that you'd like us to cover. Please put that in the comment section on YouTube. Also, please check out the sponsors that we mentioned at the beginning of this episode. That's a terrific way to support us. We also have a Patreon, it's patreon.com/andrewhuberman. And there you can support this podcast at any level that you like. On this podcast episode and in many previous podcast episodes, I describe supplements. While supplements aren't necessary and perhaps aren't right for everybody many people derive great benefit from supplements. It is important however, that if you're going to use supplements that they be a very high quality and that you can trust that the amounts of supplement listed on the supplement bottle are actually what's contained in the bottle. That's a serious issue with a lot of supplements out there. For that reason, we partnered with Thorne, T-H-O-R-E. Because Thorne has the highest levels of stringency with respect to the quality of their supplements and the amounts of the supplements listed on the bottle are actually what's are They've partnered with all the major sports teams as well as the Mayo Clinic. So we have a very high degree of trust with Thorne products. If you want to see the Thorne products that I take you can go to Thorne, T-H-O-R-N-E, .com/u/huberman. And there you can see the supplements that I take. You can get 20% off any of those supplements. And if you navigate deeper into the Thorne site, through that portal, thorne.com/u/huberman, you can also get 20% off any of the other supplements that Thorne makes. If you're not already following Huberman Lab on Twitter and Instagram, there I do short neuroscience tutorials. I offer a lot of tools oftentimes that don't overlap with the content of the podcast. And last but not least, thank you for your interest in science.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MdFahimIslam-e6z [27 likes]: sooo many people talking about that vera hart archetype quiz its crazy, lol. Tried it myself and the results are quite promising!
  2. @recoverynweights [1 likes]: Andrew, I was gifted with a hypoxic brain injury!! And I spent all of 2023 in hospital, December '23 - December '24. I just wonder if you could please provide some guidance on diet, recovery and exercise! I have been listening to your content since as long as I can remember. 

Can you tell me how important dental hygiene is to our brain? 
Is it just as important as gut health?
And why don't you make a video based around the niche of Neuro-psychology.
  3. @saikiran-cb7jd: Huh tired of your advertisement, put that stuff in the end. Waste of time
  4. @SitaramBhagat-wn1en: This is the kind of content the internet needs.
  5. @therippleroom8029: I came here to hear about fears and traumas but was discouraged by the pills and pillows sponsor mentions. Way too early in the presentation to attract new subscribers.
  6. @EfsoneErsado: Big respect
  7. @sunvillain: 1:10:23 mais c'est incroyable, j'ai commencé à regarder cette vidéo hier et après une seule nuit j'ai déjà découvert cette piste positive que j'ai à ma source de peur. apparemment, j'ai déjà une association très-très positive assez forte que la dernière chose que j'ai manqué était la compréhension et la création de vrai narratif. ça ne change pas la situation dans un instant mais c'était une aide quand même, merci infiniment <3
  8. @cherriebrown4348: What about hypohycondraisis that’s what I have alongside cptsd. How can I possibly have a life when my brain has it wired in me that I’m really unwell
  9. @PedroSalazarOrtega-tw1jt: Thank you so much!!!
  10. @qamarahmad8324: Please stop experimenting on poor animals 🥲💔
  11. @georgios4891: Something that could be said in 1 minute is described in 2 hours
  12. @HannahJung-y6d: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  13. @RickShangle: Nicely done. You had me right up to "Erasing Fear and Trauma."
  14. @jannameyer2069: Deep brain reorienting needs a deep dive
  15. @DonPosey-k5d: If you've never been stalked, cyber stalked , Gangstalked, community stalked you wouldnt know what fear is, it's a constant daily harassment of a soul and mind of innocent people, can you do an episode on this subject, thank you
  16. @princessofgod6422: 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  17. @markhattendorf3378: The danger with drugs that bring about a dissociative state is that they naturally produce a vulnerability in the client to severe and irrational interpretations of reality, especially if one considers the spiritual element of suggestion, once the natural psychic defenses of that client are chemically removed that create doorways into forbidden realms.
  18. @dkarinasafemail8409: Helppp!
  19. @dkarinasafemail8409: I'm not sure I can take this pain any longer....
  20. @dkarinasafemail8409: I thought I completely healed my trauma. But lately I feel I just want to Die to end the Pain Finally.🌅😔