- Why app marketing is changing for indie developers in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're an indie app developer, app marketing in 2026 isn't about ads or app store optimization. In 2026, growth looks very different. It costs nothing, but it requires you showing up every day. In this video, I'll show you the new marketing approach that's quietly helping indie devs break through in 2026 to get more downloads and generate more revenue without spending a single dollar on marketing. And it's actually a lot simpler than you think. For the past few years, we've been living in the golden age of app store optimization. Build an app, throw some keywords in there, rank on search results, and profit. But now, it's not so easy. The app store algorithm has changed. It's harder to get new apps ranking, and there's just so much more competition now. As more indie app developers enter this space, it's just going to get harder and harder to break out. And yet, some indie app developers are still growing without app store optimization and without running expensive ad campaigns. This is Jack. You may know him from other videos I've created about him recently. He generated 50,000 downloads from his lovely app in a matter of months with poor app store optimization and no ads. At this stage, I should probably just call my channel the Jack Fan Club channel and call it a day. This is Max Blade. Apart from the fact that he has the coolest name ever, he's grown his talk macros app to over $1,000 monthly recurring revenue. Again, with the poor app store optimization and no ads. So, how is this even possible? And how can we learn from their success to grow our own apps in 2026? Max Blade has been building apps now for well, just over a month. His app, Talk Macros, logs your calories just by talking to it. It uses AI and a complicated backend to accurately log macros. I've personally been using this for the past week to track my food intake and log my macros. What I found is that it's much easier than apps like My Fitness Power and a lot less awkward than taking a photo of my meal. Talking to log macros might sound gimmicky, but it works and that makes sense. Max was a personal trainer and has worked extensively with nutrition on a professional level, so he knows a thing or two about tracking macros. He came up with the idea, he built the app, and he released it, leveraging his own skill to create an app that actually works. But his real genius comes from his marketing strategy. Within a few short weeks, his app reached the $1,000 monthly recurring milestone, all from short form content, posting videos on Tik Tok and reals. The first few hours of every single day should be making short form content. This graph shows Tik Tok views verse new subs to my app. In the days that he didn't post short form content, he got less users. And Jack has been doing the same with his app, Lovely, an app that lets you send doodles to your partner. But he takes it one step further. Not only is he posting short form content each day, but he's also paying close attention to viral content within his niche, seeing what gets traction. Then he builds new features into his app for the sole purpose of hooking into that viral trend. His most popular video has over 4 million views, 160,000 likes, and 503 comments, mostly asking what's the app. Both of these developers are using Tik Tok Reels and YouTube Shorts to drive downloads to their apps. They're posting regular organic content and not paying for ads. It's free, it works, and it just takes your time and commitment. But the key here is consistency. Max posts around two videos a day. Jack does the same. But if you're anything like me, the hardest part is the beginning. You show up, you post, and nothing really seems to happen. your videos might get a handful of views, might get a few likes, and you end up losing motivation. So, you kind of just stop. And that's exactly what I've done. And no wonder this approach hasn't worked for me. But if I'd kept going, if I'd pushed through that phase, maybe I could have had a success story like this, too. So, in 2026, I'm committing to it. Every day, I'm posting at least one piece of short form content to promote one of my apps. I'm going to push through the zero traction phase. I'm treating this like building a muscle, not chasting instant results. And I'll test what works and learn what doesn't. And the aim is to get better at promoting my apps through short form content. Because in 2026, distribution isn't optional anymore. For indie app developers, it's no longer a nice to have. It's part of a job description. If you're not showing up every day, somebody else will. And that's why app marketing is changing for indie developers in 2026.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kushtrimabdiu [15 likes]: Great, being an indie dev is not enough, now we should be an influecer too  🤦🏻‍♂️
  2. @theOtterDev [4 likes]: I'm in the same boat! Learning tiktok for my apps. It can be fun once you learn some basics, and you can be very creative. Best of luck to all.
  3. @wonderfulmystical4316 [4 likes]: I did a TikTok 30 day sprint for one of my apps and actually got some videos to hit the 200k views mark within that time. It’s insane how well it works if you double down on it and keep improving!
  4. @santiagomelomedina [1 likes]: love your honesty, its refreshing
  5. @aiarsenalactivators: I’m always guilty of this lack of consistency. I get so pissed off you see somebody farting on a squirrel and they get 1 million likes and then you post something with deep meaning and… Cricket, thanks for the reminder that it still works.
  6. @WayneSchneberger-w5q: do either max or the other genius ...post short form with video?

🙂
  7. @Habit-Chain: Thank you for the video. I am also struggling to promote my app on social media.
Love from Pakistan ❤
  8. @vitorsouzaCode: So, how do I make a video like that for a document scanner app? My idea is to focus on simplicity; basically, it doesn't redirect to registration, it doesn't have more than two workflow screens, etc. The focus is on simplicity. How could I make a video like that?
  9. @mikeperkins5325: ok so three months in how is it going any success????
  10. @techiest12992: the only issue to reach US audience as an indie developer, it’s a pain and requires more steps to hack tiktok platform to reach the proper users
  11. @sunsayo: fucking tiktok.  tiktok tiktok tiktok tiktok everywhere. It's time to find a new way.
  12. @AppShout: So true about consistency being the new distribution strategy. I've been experimenting with short-form content for my app (AppShout) and the organic reach is wild compared to paid ads. The hardest part is just showing up every day like you said. Great breakdown on why this matters for 2026!
  13. @AmazingAnimalLife1: Fucking AI acript
  14. @heydanlim: Thanks for this video. What a time to be alive!
  15. @SongeGame: In 2026
  16. @MDBoss-fv2eu: Hey Alex hormozi has a 100 rule, post 100 times a day, steven cravotta said volume negates luck
  17. @faizaniqbal6273: Hey adam I am new to app development and i have developed my first app and its in its marketing stage. It would be very great if you can have a very short call or meeting with me and my co-founder to give us guidance for future. We can discuss the payment you want for your precious time. Please reply if you are down!
  18. @asiddiqi123: Suggest tools to make such videos
  19. @ahmadulwan6634: New. Follower here.. currently watching all your videos to learn about app development
  20. @LucaL1fe: This sounds like Amy

- How To Reach 10,000 App Users (Beginner Marketing): Kind: captions Language: en If you've clicked on this video, chances are you've already launched your mobile app or you're about to and you're now asking, "How do I get users to actually care about this thing?" And more importantly, how do I get them to pay? And you don't just want any downloads. You want highquality downloads with real users who are going to give you feedback, who are going to engage and use your product and eventually pay for it. That magical first 10,000 users. And I know how impossible it feels to hit those first 10,000 users when you're first starting out. I've been there, grinding out the early days, launching apps that got zero traction until I figured out a repeatable marketing system that helped me scale to over 1 million users and $44,000 in monthly recurring revenue. And I've done this time and time again. In this video, I'm going to walk you through my exact four-step strategy that I used to get my first 10,000 users. And if you watch this video until the end, you will walk away with a real nofluff growth plan that you can apply today, even if you're starting at zero. Let's get into it. All right, ladies and gentlemen, here it is. the blueprint to get your first 10,000 users and even if you're beyond 10,000 users, this blueprint can work forever. Even to your first million, 10 million users, right? If you can just get one user to your app, if you can just get 10 users to your app, you can scale to a million. The hardest downloads, the hardest users to get are the first few. So whether you're a beginner or whether you're a seasoned veteran in the app game, this blueprint will help you because we're going to go all the way from identifying your viral marketing message, market research, hiring and finding content creators, all the way to scaling with paid ads. And I'm going to break it down as simply as possible. But first, thank you so much to everyone who has been subscribing to the channel. We just hit 39,000 subscribers. It means the world that you are all enjoying the content and the value that I drop for absolutely free. So, if you get any value from me or this video or my channel in general, I would definitely appreciate if you subscribe to the channel and also drop a comment, drop a like on the video. If you do that, it will tell the YouTube algorithm that you want to watch more content like this. Content that actually teaches you something instead of the boring, lame, brain rot videos that we all watch on YouTube, right? Show the algorithm that you want to learn and it will show you more content like this. So, let's get into the blueprint. Okay, so we're going to start off by identifying your viral marketing message. Actually, before we do that, I'm going to show you an absolute cheat code, which is sharing your product on subreddits. And this is something that you can do in the next hour. It will definitely drive you some valuable users. If you didn't know, Reddit is one of the most viewed sites on the internet. I think it's like top 10 most viewed sites worldwide every single year. And there are a bunch of subreddits that are dedicated to startup founders like yourself. For example, SAS or side project or programming, right? These are all subreddits that have thousands if not hundreds of thousands of users in each one of them. Right? Side project has 43,000 members. SAS has 300K members. Programming 6.8 million members. Playground product 1.3K members. These are all subreddits that you as a founder can post in today and you can share your project in these subreddits. Right? So what you do is you drop a post in these subreddits and some of them can go insanely viral. Like we'll sort by all time, top performing. Boom. These get thousands and thousands and thousands of views and engagements and you can look at the comments here and people are giving real feedback to all of these posts, right? So definitely leverage Reddit and share your product there. But don't just spam your product link. Be helpful, be real, engage, and share your experience as a founder. Drive value. Provide value to the community on Reddit. And people will respect that and they'll engage with your product and they'll try your product out. Some of them might even pay for it. Some of them might even use it for a long time, right? This is an easy way for you to get the first couple users into your project. And if your post on Reddit goes viral, it can hit the homepage and it can drive you insane results. I have some friends in the space who only use Reddit to go their products. I spoke to a founder friend the other day who generated hundreds of thousands of dollars all strictly through Reddit. Don't sleep on Reddit. It's an easy way to get your product out there, get your first couple users, and these users will give you actual feedback on your product. So, little cheat code for the start of the video there. post your products on Reddit. If you want to download this entire blueprint document, I will share it with you in the description. So, go ahead and click the link in the description. But let's get into it. Identifying your viral marketing message. Where I see founders go wrong time and time again is when they're making content about their product. The content is about their product, right? And that might sound counterintuitive, but in reality, no one on social media cares about your product. And if you're only talking about your product and you're only talking about the features, it's going to be a boring piece of content and it's not going to get views. And if you can't get views, it doesn't matter how well your video converts, you're not going to get any users from that, right? Your product is not what people care about. People care about what your product can do for them. So, you don't want to sell the features. You want to sell the transformation. The most important part of creating content is making it feel natural to the algorithm. If anyone watching your video feels like it's an ad, automatically, you lose them. So, I'm going to show you two examples of this. One is for Puff Count. This was one of my best performing videos in terms of getting downloads to the app. I want you to look at this video and tell me where the call to action happens and tell me how hard I sold the product in this video. Crazy that people will smoke these without knowing what's inside. So, I'm going to show you. [Music] On the outside, we have the colorful metal casing, a 3.7 volt 500 milliamp battery, and a coil wrapped in soaked cotton. Check out this app if you need to quit. It's kind of crazy. I only showed the product for 2 seconds in that video. I'm going to show you another example from Cali. This app does $3 million per month in monthly recurring revenue. Watch this ad. This ad got 55,000 likes. Mine got 476,000 likes. That should show you that you don't need to sell the product for that long in your video. I think the reason that people struggle to create content like that is number one, they don't do market research, but number two, you're trying to do everything in one step of the funnel, right? Your marketing is a funnel. And this is how you should look at it, right? There are different steps that each one of your user needs to take to get to the ultimate the ultimate goal, which is them purchasing your product, right? So each one of these is a different step in your funnel. And the only goal of the step above is to get to the next step. The only goal of getting a view on Tik Tok or any short form content is to get them to check out the app on the app store. We're not trying to get them to download it. We're not trying to explain the entire app like the onboarding should. We're not trying to get them to buy our inapp purchases on the Tik Tok. The only step is to get them interested in the app. Interested enough to go to the app store, right? You don't have to do all of it because these next steps should do the rest of the work for you, right? Your app store listing should encourage them to download. After they download, the onboarding should encourage them to purchase. So, you don't have to do it all from your marketing, from your ad or your video. You don't have to do it all. You're only trying to get them to take action and do the next step. That's why these videos make so much sense, right? We're not trying to sell the entire product because that's going to feel like an ad. It's not going to perform on social media. We're trying to engage our ideal target customer in our video and present our product in front of them. Get them interested enough and sell the transformation. This guy's jacked. This one we're talking about how crappy vapes are for you, right? We're selling the transformation. What general problem does your app solve and how can we present that in a video? And the easiest way to get familiar with this type of content, the content that actually performs is to do market research within your niche. So transparently, I saw a video where someone was taking apart a vape and showing how bad it was. And I knew that piece of content would convert well for my brand. So if I was building a another quit vaping app, I would go on TikTok and I would type in quit vaping. And you can sort these videos by most popular of all time. So boom, I would go through and see that this this girl has 3.7 million. I just quit vaping like an hour. 3.7 million likes and on your video right within 30 seconds. So this is clearly years and this is very concept that is going to crush right you can take this concept and you can run with it or if I'm a calorie tracking app I go and look up tracking calories. So boom this is an easy concept. This this video is 14 seconds long. It's text on the screen show. Oh here and here we go. It's for a calorie tracking app. There we go. Right? Like that's it. Doing market research and understanding that you don't need to sell the product super hard in your content is what is going to work. So once you have identified your viral marketing message and you've done enough market research to understand what winning content looks like for your product, for your brand, then you can start to scale it. Then you can start to hire creators. Then you can start to make one, two, three videos every single day. And another thing that you should be doing is capitalizing on trends for lowhanging fruit views. Right? Every day there is a new Tik Tok sound that is trending or an Instagram real sound that is trending. Use those sounds, use those trends to create winning videos for your product. For example, we can go back to Puff Count. Where's the win is a win. A win is a win. A win is a win. I don't care what y'all say. That was a viral sound. That was a viral trend happening. A win is a win sound. And I use that sound to promote my product. And that video got 33,000 views just because I capitalized on the sound. because this sound and this trend was doing very well on TikTok. This is an easy way. If you can identify trends and integrate your products in a sly way into these videos, you'll crush it. A win is a win. A win is a win. I don't care. That was it. A win is a win, right? This trend is going crazy. 121,000 videos within this trend. All you have to do is watch one of these videos within this trend. A win is a win. I don't care what yall say. And you get the you get the idea, right? You just need to use these trends to your advantage when you're promoting your product. Okay. Once you've identified winning trends and you've put together enough market research, now you can create the content or hire a team of creators. And this is the ultimate hack right now because creator marketing is still undervalued. There are so many creators out there, creators who are willing to work for you and create content for your brand at a very, very low cost. And again, if you want to stay at $0 of spend, you can create the content yourself, right? You can do the market research and you can make videos like you have found within the market research. But I'm going to show you how to hire creators on a resultsonly basis and you can do that all through postedapp.com. Now on posted you have a couple different options. You can launch a contest but we are going to be talking about the deals feature. So with deals you can actually get content risk-free. So we are currently using the deals feature to promote the app itself. And I'll show you how many downloads we've gotten in the past week. So, in the past week, using the deals feature, we've gotten 4,000 downloads. Might not seem like a lot, but we are targeting a small niche of people, UGC content creators or content creators in general who want to use the app and get paid. It's more of a niche app. So, this is actually killer for us and we are getting all of the installs through the deals feature. So, what you're going to do is take all of your learnings from the previous part here, right? Identifying your viral marketing message and your market research, and you are going to build a brief. So, you're going to build a project overview, some rules, choose where you want the creators to be from, and then you're going to upload those viral videos that you found from your market research into to post it here. And what's going to happen is creators are going to make videos for you that you can watch for free. So, boom, we have 30 videos that are waiting for our review. They're loaded in here. So, boom. All of these creators have created pieces of content and they have put a bid here. So, we can watch any one of these videos, right? Man, I'm going to go figure out how to get this video made extra cash. Post it. I literally made almost $500 in three separate days. Here's the proof if you don't believe me. This This So, these creators have all created content for us and they've put a bid here, right? So, this is how much this creator wants to get paid. This creator has 769 followers. So, that seems a bit overpriced, but actually the last video that she did for us hit 40,000 views, which is insane. That's one of our better performing videos. And you can see, you know, this creator here has $529,000 followers and they only want the content for $110. I want to emphasize I've paid $0 for all this content. And now I can simply watch the videos and if I love the video and I think the bid is fair, then I can accept these. So this is a risk-free way for you to get a lot of content from a lot of different creators. As you can see, we've accepted 17 different videos. We spent around $1,500 generating 4,000 views. So that's 37 cents per download. Not bad. So you can use the deals feature to get content riskfree for your product. And we also have a new feature that is called CPM. So very similar except for this time you're only paying creators on a CPM basis. Meaning you can choose how much you want to pay the creator per 1,000 views they get you. If you want to go seriously risk-f free, this is the way to do it because again, you can review the videos and you can approve whatever you're comfortable with approving and then the creators will only be paid on a rate per 1,000 views that they generate. So, you can try Postit Out completely for free. It is the easiest headache way free to get content and start working with creators today. And the beautiful thing about working with creators on Postit is you own all the winning content for life. So, you're actually going to own all this content that you've approved forever. You're going to own the MP4 file itself. You can download the video and you can post it anywhere across different social medias like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook. You can post it anywhere you'd like. And we'll also give you the ad code so that you can run spark ads on Tik Tok. And as you can see, this video got 22,000 views. This video got 47,000 views. And there are some here that, you know, didn't hit, but that's okay. That's part of the game, right? Whenever you're creating content or paying creators to create content, some of it's not going to work. You're never going to get a 100% hit rate on your content, whether you're creating it or someone else is. Right now once we have identified what content is getting the most views for us and more importantly what content is driving the most results the most installs for the app that is when we can take that winning content and scale it with paid ads. And this is going to sound very simple but that's it. What's getting the most views for your product and which videos are driving the most results in terms of app store downloads right? And don't get discouraged if the organic videos aren't driving millions and millions of downloads. They they won't, right? And that's why we leverage paid ads. Because with paid ads, there will actually be a call to action on your video. Just an organic video itself has to be very powerful and very good for someone to swipe out of Tik Tok and then go to the app store and search in your product. If you take this content and put it on paid ads, the conversion rate of that content will be so much higher. And a lot of people sleep on paid ads because, you know, organic marketing is all the rage right now. And that's where everyone's head is at and everyone's trying to, you know, hack their way to getting free installs without running paid ads. Don't sleep on paid ads. Take your winners. Do all of this. Post organically. Keep your spend at zero. Great. But when you have a winner, leverage it with paid ads. And the math problem is very simple. How much are your users earning your app? And how much can you spend to acquire them? And you might be thinking, how do I calculate my LTV? How do I figure out what each install is generating in terms of revenue in my app? And that's why you should have revenue cap integrated into your app because you can pull up this chart here on the left side. Realized LTV per customer. And this is going to be your realized LTV per download. You can also do realized LTV per paying customer which will be attached only to your paying customers, right? Because a certain percentage of your downloads will pay and a certain percent won't. But this will include every single download in your app. So what you're going to want to do is go to customer lifetime, set that to unbounded, and then boom, here is your LTV per download. Right? This one fluctuated a little bit. Let's let's go to the monthly here. There we go. So, we can tell that each one of our installs for PuffCount was generating about a dollar, let's call it. So, I now know that as long as I can get installs for less than a dollar, my app is making money. It's a simple math problem. My LTV is a dollar, $110, let's call it. As long as I can get installs for less than that, our app is making money. So, boom. That's it. That's the entire fourstep process to finding your first 10,000 users through organic content and then scaling with paid ads. And I want to emphasize that this whole process is never ending. You're always going to be able to optimize your marketing, your message, your videos, your content, your ads. This four-step process should continue going throughout the entire lifetime of your app. You're always looking for new viral marketing messages. As a founder, you should always be doing market research and always identifying new trends and new content formats that you can be leveraging for your product. You should always be hiring and testing out new content creators, and you can definitely do that through Posted, and you should always be testing and scaling your different paid ads. If you want a detailed guide on each one of these, I have dropped multiple videos on market research, on hiring creators, on running paid ads, on finding your viral marketing message. I've dropped videos in detail on all of this. But this is the entire four-step process right here. Don't give up on your products. Don't give up on your marketing. Keep grinding. And I hope you enjoyed the video. If you stuck around this far, I would appreciate a like on the video and a subscribe to the channel because I'm going to be dropping new videos like this and dropping value every single day. Real quick, by the way, I've put together a group of app founders and we meet twice a week and chat about all things apps and all things marketing. We're all grinding together looking to find the new marketing strategies for all of our mobile apps. So, if you want to be a part of that group, you can shoot me a DM on Instagram, stephven.builds. send me a message and I'll add you into the group if you want to join.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevencravotta [26 likes]: If you have questions about apps / want to work with me shoot me a DM on Instagram: @steven.builds
  2. @Passeriq [1 likes]: Thanks a lot for sharing. This is invaluable! Is it much different if you are constrained within a platform, e.g. if this is a Shopify app that is targeting a particular user segment?
  3. @Criteria12 [1 likes]: you failed to mention that they charge 500$ a month
  4. @JackoJPT: Great video brother
  5. @FigoAI26: Your video is very well done but I have a question without paying and without showing my head in social networks is there a way to make views on TikTok or insta and if so how? I’ve been trying for a week but nothing very little view very little like
  6. @GreenDigits-m3g: First we had fitness gurus, then the Matrix, crypto, trading and now marketing. Aren't we a lucky people
  7. @SpolemaYardley: "head-ache way free" 13:01
  8. @Loveslife-AI: thankyou
  9. @JackPfeiffer-l6j: Im creating a college tool and I have only been making tiktoks and have 3 users off only a few thousand views. I would love to know how I can reach my users outside of tiktok and instagram. It can only go so far and I do not think I have enough to be paying people $3 per 1k views
  10. @fadhelabbas1545: This is just an underhand ad for Posted.
  11. @RoyceJakob: 0:12 why are you rocking a pretty face filter haha
  12. @AprilSevenWalker: Great video!
  13. @rojarrolla: Hehe, nice! yo create the video and you also create the "Free" where you have to leave your payment data in a platform to create to gain access otherwise you can't. I don't mind you making money on that platform, But what I don't like about is that My credit card MUST go on front in a "Free" platforn, that turns out to be only Free for 21 days after posting payment method. Shame!
  14. @HeshamFarag-j6z: you the best
  15. @TheGoodBoysPodcast-4You: Great video, but a question. Will this method work for Web Apps or just Mobile? I have a full-featured eBay Web App, and like you stated, I can't get any users. I'll be waiting for your reply. Thanks
  16. @RemotePersonal: BEST video on marketing
  17. @3dgiftz: i dont like
  18. @CraigFoy-n6c: Your content is really solid!
  19. @CraigFoy-n6c: Great content! Get paid for this content; have you heard of FanBravo? I just found out about it and it is very slick.
  20. @ewaldngandjui: Thank you for the strat breakdown!

- Things I ALWAYS Do Before Launching New Apps (4 Apps, 100% Profitable): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] So, a common question I get is, "What is my process for launching new apps?" If you're new to the channel, welcome to the video. My name is Chris. I build productivity apps. Today, I wanted to share my launch framework that I use for all of the app launches that I do. I'll share my framework, but I'm also going to cover questions like, "When do I know it's time to launch my app?" later in the video, so definitely stick around for that. So, jumping right into it, the first step in my process is actually setting up a weight list page. And ideally, this happens way before you're going to launch. In fact, probably before you even start building the app, at least that's when I do it. The weight list should be really simple. In my case, all I do is have one app screenshot and a place for users to enter their email so they get notified when I launch, when I open up the beta testing. Super simple. The reason I set this up, and I think it's important, is because it helps me gauge interest to see how many people are signing up for this. Gives me a really good list of beta testers to test the app with as I prepare for launch. And then when I do decide to launch, it gives me a really good springboard of initial users to launch it to. In terms of the tool, I use something called Framer to build the landing pages. There's a ton of free templates out there that have this onepage email collection weight list form. So, I usually use one of those where I just make it from scratch in 10 minutes. I'm probably going to be covering the Framer stuff in a second video, so I'll hold off from saying much there, but just know that that's the tool that I use. Framer does have built-in form support, so you can do that out of the box now, but I personally use something called FormSpark to do the email collection, and it's super simple to hook into Framer. So, you have the weight list in place, and you're about to launch your app. Here are the things I make sure to do before actually launching it. So, this is kind of the second step in my checklist is analytics. And I'm talking about analytics inside of your application. This is something that a lot of people usually push down the line because they're thinking, I don't even have users. What am I going to track? But trust me, in a few months, you're going to deeply wish that you installed it earlier. So, just go ahead and do it. It takes like max 30 minutes and you lose nothing by doing it. The main reason to set up analytics is you want to see why users are churning very early so you can make product decisions. Without that, you have no idea if the app is actually working or why it's not working. I already have a video on analytics and Post Hog, so I'll link that in the description if you want to check it out, so I won't go in depth here. But analytics is very important, but often overlooked, so do not skip this. The next thing on my checklist is implementing a feedback board. And this is probably the biggest mistake that I made with some of my earlier apps was not doing this sooner. I'm talking about a feedback board where users can leave feature requests, upvote other feature requests. So you can see the top request floating to the top and you know what users are asking for. Most people skip this step because they think I already know what my users want. I can just track this in notion or something. But trust me, this is completely different. I feel like I'm a pretty good builder myself and I can kind of guess what users want. I am consistently blown away by the things that get a lot of up votes on this feedback board. They're things that I just would never have predicted. For example, in my app Ellie, there's a list feature where you can create these lists on the left side and I use it every single day. All the users use it that did not exist in the product originally and I had no intention of building it until I saw how many people requested it in the feedback board. But this has happened so many times where I realized this is such a strong signal. Every single app needs to implement something like this. As things start surfacing on this feedback board and you know what to build, once you start implementing these things, the chance of users turnurning starts decreasing dramatically. If you don't have analytics or this feedback board, you're just playing building on hard mode because you don't actually know what users want. You don't know why they're turnurning. So very important to have something like this to prioritize your road map. In terms of the software, I'm using something called Cany to power my feedback board. Integrates really well with the web app and the iOS apps that I have. So users don't need a separate account. They can just use their Ellie account, for example, to log in, start adding feedback, start uploading things, super seamless. I know CI is expensive and one of my friends is building an alternative called User Jot. I'll leave a link in the description if you want to go check those out. Doesn't matter which one. Just definitely go implement something. The next part of my checklist is I implement an email system. And this is something that is extremely overlooked. Most of you guys are already going to have some sort of welcome email that's being sent out, but that's a pretty basic version. The thing that I'm recommending here is more of an email sequence system. It's a system where you can programmatically send emails to users at a certain cadence or manually. even if you're not using it in the beginning. Just set it up because it makes your life a lot easier when you decide you do actually want to use it. So, some examples of when you're going to want to use this. Obviously, sending welcome emails becomes really easy. It's just when they sign up, trigger the welcome email. But a more advanced sequence could be when a user signs up and they don't use your product for 7 days, send them an email asking for any feedback. Or another one that I actually do for my product Ellie is when a user signs up, I'm going to send them five emails over the course of two weeks just outlining some of the lesserk known features of Ellie. And this has been a huge unlock because it reminds people to go use the app in the first 14 days. And a lot of people end up discovering new features that they wouldn't have otherwise. So email as a way to improve retention and reduce churn is something that a lot of people don't think about. It's something that I probably learned a little too late, but I'm not making that mistake now. I set the system up as early as possible because even if I'm not using it now, I know down the road I will want to do something like this and I'm just making my life easier by setting it up now. And the tool that I use is called Loops. They have a really nice UI. I believe they have a really good free plan as well if you want to go test them out. And the team and Chris from Loops are really responsive to issues. So, the customer support is really good as well. That's what I use for email sequencing. Not sponsored. Just really like the product. Okay. So, once all the systems are in place, the next thing I work on is the app store listing. If this is an iOS app, which in my case all of my apps are iOS apps, you're going to need to do an app store listing. And it's something that a lot of people do not take seriously enough. Organic app store search is one of those things where if you've never launched a couple apps in the app store, you usually think, "Oh, there's like millions of apps. There's no way that anyone's going to find me when they search." Not true. App Store search is very generous if you do it right. And it really starts with having a very, very, very good App Store listing. So, what goes into a good app store listing? The first thing is really good app store screenshots. This is something where I see a lot of developers not spending enough time on. I get it. You've been spending months building this app, spent a lot of time getting the app ready for launch. The last thing you want to do is work on app store screenshots. No one likes working on app store screenshots except for this Twitter page that loves to talk about app store screenshots, but it is something you should take very seriously because it is the primary and first thing that a user is going to look at when trying to figure out, should I download this app? Is it worth my time or not? So, if you have really good app store screenshots, you make a good first impression, there's a high chance that they're going to download it and actually try your app. At minimum, I recommend spending 3 to 4 days on the app store screenshot. No one else is going to tell you this because they're going to tell you, "Go launch quickly. You shouldn't spend time on this." Don't listen to them. The return on investment of taking the time is really high and it's always almost worth it. Aside from the screenshots, the other stuff are pretty simple. It's just a really good title, a really good description, and really good tags. There's a lot of videos and resources out there that talk about that stuff and how to optimize your app store listing. So, I won't touch on it here, but do the research and take those fields seriously, too, because it does impact your downloads. Reason I'm taking this so seriously is a lot of people don't know this, but when you launch on the App Store, you actually do get an initial boost from Apple for I think it's like the first couple days, maybe the first two weeks where you get a lot of free downloads and this free boost in the App Store search just by launching the app. So, you really don't want to waste this opportunity by having really bad screenshots and a really bad description. Really want to take advantage of this boost because I don't think you get another one of these to be honest. So, I would take it seriously now just for that alone. Final step on the checklist is building an actual landing page. So, this is different from the weight list page that you originally set up that's just collecting emails. This is a page that's going to showcase the application and drive downloads to the app. If you're an iOS app and you were already working on the landing page with really nice screenshots, hopefully your life's a lot easier because you have a lot of assets and files that you can use in the landing page. It is a first impression for customers. So, I usually spend at least a week on the landing page, sometimes even more. But it is something you can tweak over time. So, don't hold off on launching just for the sake of getting a really good landing page, but at least put in maybe like a week of time into it. And I'm using Framer for the landing pages. I will do a whole separate video on how I use Framer, how I think about copy, all of that stuff. But for now, just know that I'm using Framer. So, a common question is when do I know that it's time to actually launch my app? Because if you follow my other videos, you know that I do some sort of beta test period where I release the app in stages to beta testers to test it. My rule of thumb is that I launch it when I have a high confidence that users are going to stick to the app. If during the beta test period, I'm noticing in the analytics that people sign up and just kind of drop off after a day, that signals to me probably not a good time to launch. But if during the beta test period, I see people sign up and they at least stick around the app for a few days, maybe this is a good enough time for me to launch and there's no specific number I'm looking for, it is really just kind of a gut feeling. When I have a strong suspicion that that's the case, they're going to stick with it. That's when I decide to launch. So, what do I actually do when I'm ready to launch it? This really does depend on your product and honestly you as a person, like what you're comfortable with. Me personally, I don't really do any big launches. I kind of just announce it on my social media and then hope for the best, which isn't the best strategy, but that's what I'm personally comfortable with. So, that's what I do. I usually make a YouTube video. I do a couple tweets, sometimes I post on LinkedIn, and then I email the rest of the people on the wait list letting them know the app is launched, and I just kind of hope for the best. But, if I was to do a really big launch, what I would do is start posting about it the week four, start gaining momentum, start gaining interest. I'd post it on my socials. I would try to get friends and other people to post on their social media. I would do a product hunt launch. I would do a bunch of posts on online communities like Reddit and other internet forums. I would just try to get as many views and as many potential users to your landing page to your app store page as possible. This video really isn't about marketing or how to actually do the launch itself. I just wanted to share my checklist and the steps that I go through when launching a new application. So, I hope you guys found this one helpful. But thank you guys for sticking to the end of the video. If you enjoyed this kind of content, check out my Instagram and Tik Tok. I post almost every other day about building productivity apps. And obviously, if you like this kind of content, don't forget to subscribe. Thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next video. Oh my god, this is so

  Top Comments:
  1. @raroque [16 likes]: UPDATE: Deep dive on the landing page (and Framer) stuff is now live!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nn23ZVdu6_A
  2. @runiih: But if you have no distribution at all (starting from scratch) how people will know about your landing page?
  3. @surge.lacrosse: Hey, my app has been in review for 3 weeks and I haven’t heard anything back. I have asked for status update and nothing. I uploaded two times before and was denied and I used despia. 

The only thing I did that was kinda out of the guidelines is I used the multi platform rule like Netflix and Spotify. 

What do you suggest or have you heard of this happening before?
  4. @BTCWatch21: Dear anyone, I need feedback on my app. The link is in my bio. I will return the favor. 🙏
  5. @jeypeeeee: Aren't you worried that your idea will get copied and published earlier than you after you started a waitlist?
  6. @ahsanonyt: Great Insights btw why you kept holding a duck in your hand
  7. @on_set5917: The main problem is traffic , thats it. Making an app aint difficult , selling it is the biggest problem.
  8. @Taylor-ei4cx: But how do you find those beta testers and traffic to your waitlist?
  9. @ddakens: Thank you so much!
  10. @charliepiazza1: Bro, finding your channel has been a godsend! insurmountable value, i'm subbing on all socials. keep up the good work.
  11. @kavodellasode383: Do you have separate social medias for each app when utilizing waitlist or do you acquire users on your main social medias for all your apps?
  12. @saihtetsheinlin7862: So much value from this video! Thank you.
  13. @sarparhanor4600: This guy knows ball
  14. @Cleopatra2555: do you launch without digital patent protection ? thx
  15. @JamesAllen-b9y: Great video - any advice on how to get good app screenshots? I feel like there are a lot of benefits to this (app store listing, website images and ads). Thanks!
  16. @karstenlamest5988: Really helpful, and would you recommend the freemium concept ?
  17. @bilalddev-ew6gj: Hi, I watch first your video.its really nice.

I have few questions, and I'm developing a one app, which is real problem in Germany, and hope so at the end of April will launch. But I'm worry about user, how can get active users,and make successful product. I'm software engineer but didn't knowledge of marketing, encourage of user. Thanks I'm waiting of your response in detail.
  18. @Selfimprovementbenn: How would you market an app if you didn’t have a big social following. I feel like that’s a huge gap your missing for how we could be successful with our apps
  19. @Nightwolf247: What are the steps someone can do in order to secure his app are not going to get copied or get stolen ??
  20. @josequiceno2000: Actually useful and goatee content. Thank you for providing real info and value. Hope you get lots of success dude.

- The app store is changing in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en The app store is changing whether you like it or not. The strategies once used to get ahead no longer work or can get your Apple developer account outright banned. In this video, I'm going to show you what's changing, what still works, and what you need to stop doing if you want to survive the App Store in 2026. There's three things happening right now, and they're changing everything we know about winning on the App Store. Apple cares way more about your account than you think. Blindly following keyword trends is the fastest way to get your account terminated. And even if you do everything right, some keywords just won't rank anymore, even when the data says they should. If you don't adapt to these changes, you can lose years of work overnight. This is my sixth consecutive year building apps on the App Store. I've amassed over 2 million downloads and over $1 million in app store revenue. But in the past 9 months, I've seen more changes, more disruption, and more accounts banned than ever before. Building a career around app development means it's your full-time job to understand what signals Apple is trying to send to developers. Because your Apple developer account is your single most important asset. Keeping in good standing with Apple is my top priority, so it should be yours, too. This has a massive impact not only on App Store rankings, but your downloads and even your revenue more than you ever realize. I have developers reach out to me all the time who swear their accounts are shadowbanned, that their apps just don't get displayed on the app store. And every time, every time I look at their portfolio, I see the exact same thing. Copycats of my own apps, copycats of other developer apps, and not a single unique idea anywhere. Don't do this. And it matters now more than ever. The App Store is no longer as friendly to new developers as it once was. It takes longer to build trust with Apple, not only for your app, but also on an account level. A year ago, you could get away with launching a new app from a new account and get an instant boost with hundreds of downloads within a day. Now, that organic visibility is mostly gone, especially for new accounts and risky niches. release too many spammy apps or simply target the wrong keyword and you can get your entire Apple developer account terminated without warning. It's happening more and more. So, my strategy has shifted from testing lots of small apps, lots of small ideas to building apps that could get featured on the app store. My simple strategy is to increase my standing with Apple by building apps that will get their attention. And it kind of worked. Last year, my app, Piano Run, was featured on the App Store when iOS 26 was launched, and I saw a slight uptick in my rankings across my entire app portfolio. Let me show you what I mean. Apple is sending us a message. They want to clean up the app store, and to do that, developers must clean up their act. Recently, one of the biggest banhammers came down on developers targeting the keyword Nano Banana when the model first launched. At the time, it wasn't trademarked. It wasn't copyrighted. It was just new, a new trend emerging. Developers saw a demand. They moved fast and they built apps to ride the wave. You might think there's nothing wrong with that. But then developers who put Nano Banana in their title, in their screenshots, or too aggressively in their metadata started getting their accounts terminated. No warning and no second chances. I had developer after developer reach out to me and they all said the same thing. I didn't think it through. I saw the opportunity and I moved too fast. How How do I get my account back? And most of the time, you just can't. In some cases, it was obvious. These apps were trying to confuse users, trying to look official, and trying to hijack the official keyword, but in other cases, it wasn't so clear. developers who were careful and only used the keywords in the keywords field and never mentioned nano banana in the title or screenshots still got hit. I call this a mass app store casualty event. Apple changes a policy, then they clean house, and when they do, they don't use a scalpel, they use a hammer. If you're building for an emerging niche, just know you're taking a little bit of a risk there. Even if you think you're doing it right, you can still get caught up in the crossfire. Yes, I know being first is exciting. You don't want to miss out, but being banned is permanent. So, when a new trend shows up, stop and think it through, especially with a brandable name like Nano Banana or Chat GPT. Just slow down. FOMO is a short-term strategy, but patience will keep you in this business long enough to keep generating revenue. And even if you do everything right, there's another problem I've been spotting. There's something else happening quietly on the app store that I don't see many people talking about. Apps that target new popular trends just don't seem to rank like they should. On paper, everything looks great, high popularity, low competition, perfect timing, but they just don't rank. And I've seen this firsthand with my own app, Draw Pop. I targeted the keywords AI art and AI art generator. It launched in April 2025, almost a year ago, and it has never ranked for either of those keywords, not once. Same launch strategy I've used time and time again. Same process, same playbook. It should have worked. AI art has a difficulty of 51 and AI art generator a difficulty of 49. In my books, that's an easy win. it should at least rank in the top 200 spots, but it didn't. And this isn't just an AI thing. I've seen this with financing apps and budgeting apps as well. When a keyword starts to attract the wrong types of apps, when trends start to attract spammy or scammy apps, they just stop ranking. So, I think Apple has the ability here to throttle visibility for an entire keyword search, especially for new apps. When I launched Draw Pop, AI art was at its peak. New models were dropping weekly and every developer saw this as the next big opportunity. And clearly Apple spotted this trend too, making the decision to hit the brakes. But how do we even know which keywords will be treated like this? Well, we just don't. But it's an important lesson to never blindly trust keyword research, especially with hyped trends. If Apple throttles the keyword you're targeting, it doesn't matter how good your app is, you're just not going to rank. Either sit some trends out or create a backup plan. Don't rely on app store optimization as your only marketing channel. Turns out the old strategy of finding a keyword ranking and winning is a bit more complicated than it once was. When a new trend is emerging, it's your responsibility to slow down, think twice, because in 2026, speed is not the advantage. It's all about staying in the game long enough to survive another day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brookcecilia [2 likes]: I can tell you why your art app didn’t do well, it looks like something for a 5-8 year old kid. Just make more impressive artwork 🖼️ and I think it will do better. I’m not trying to be mean, I’m trying to help.
  2. @cihadturhan [2 likes]: I was expecting you to talk about free trial switch on paywalls :)
  3. @brunovercosa7119 [2 likes]: I also think about the paywall hacks, like the delayed close button, and now the trial toggle. I wish we could build more of a humanized review.
  4. @brunovercosa7119 [2 likes]: 6:00 That’s exactly why it’s profitable: it depends on hard work, trying again, and learning. If there were a playbook and it were easily replicable, everyone would be doing it, crowed, hard to profit.
  5. @elsehrawy [2 likes]: My account got a warning, payments were paused, and transfer apps were disabled while they investigate. This happened because about 50% of my yearly paid users suddenly canceled and asked for refunds (that was lots of refunds). My server was down for three days, and users weren’t happy about it. I’m not sure if I’ll get banned for this .. what should I do?
  6. @TheWolfAmongSheep [1 likes]: That mic is elite.. you’re throwing it around with your hands and it doesn’t skip a beat 😂
  7. @artkirillov [1 likes]: It’s becoming my favourite YouTube channel. I enjoy watching your videos in the morning as it sets the mood for the whole day if not week. Thank you so much Adam! Keep it up, you’re doing an amazing job.
  8. @sufiyanyasa9093 [1 likes]: I guess this only applies to trending keywords - but not branded keywords right? Is it still possible to use branded keywords in the keyword field?
  9. @molasaheb6082 [1 likes]: Can you give more details on what's happening on finance apps ?
  10. @GioGeorgian: Thanks
  11. @markgaiser8249: I play a couple of games Mahjong and Zen trivia word trivia and the biggest problems I have with these apps are the ads the ads remind me of Niagara Falls continuously running they never stop you never get a break every time you get done with the game it’s ads and it’s usually more than one and once an ad comes on after after wasting about 30 to 45 seconds then you see an X show up you hit the X the webpage changes and then it’s a continuation of the original ad and then you gotta wait again and then you’ll get a small icon that you can barely see which will change the webpage again you hit that and then you still have to wait because then the ad will come up in order. Just sit there while all this noise is in the background you know so all in all it probably takes about 45 seconds to a minute before you get onto the next game and it is like this continuously, it’s like Niagara Falls nonstop and quite frankly I’m sick of playing these frigging games really sick of it for that reason and that reason alone I don’t give a shit whether somebody says well if we don’t have the ads, we can’t show the games. well bullshit. You got enough money to put it on the web you can suck it up out of games where you don’t have to deal with the ads at all, but then they make you pay so you gotta pay so whatever happened to the days when you can just say hey look I don’t want. I don’t want any ads. Don’t show me any ads what happened it’s like a rarity. It’s like an antique that’s just not there anymore. Why don’t you make it a choice without having to pay for it? Why don’t you pay me for watching you fricking ads and pay me for playing your games. No I can’t say that because it I can’t. I don’t trust the Internet when it comes to. These will pay you to play our game. I think that’s a bunch of bullshit too because I’ve read a number of our customer complaints about various games this PayPal bullshit. I don’t trust none of that at all. I think it’s home but a rip off it’s just another way to make money that’s all but beyond all that get rid of your freaking ads and don’t charge to do it and then maybe people will stick with the games more often I for one I’m done. I’m sick and tired of playing playing this bullshit game at F that.
  12. @CarTastic-fv6eo: Key thing to remember, SPREAD YOUR ASO for different countries. Never rely only on english, its crowded and saturated market. Even if app is english only is always worth to optimize aso for different languages including keyword and description.
  13. @grantstultz4908: Hi Adam, my account did get banned unfortunately, and for something stupid. Now that it's banned what do you recommend I do? Is it possible to get another developer account. Feel free to email me please
  14. @KEEVVY: like change one title word from smart to multiline and boom app was gone from it's category and ranking
  15. @mehul8244: anyone who wants to purchase india based genuine apple developer accounts then let me know
  16. @osuravinuperera: Im having issues with my review of the first app on the subscriptions, everything else seems to be ok with the review but somehow the subscriptions on sandbox seems to not working for the reviewer. Can anyone give me some advice please?
  17. @luv.matters: Wasting time garbling
  18. @indiedevmo: You're blinking again
  19. @EmmanuelCarr-h3i: to much fluff...
  20. @enmanuel_: Every time I leave work, I open YouTube and hope you have uploaded a new video lol seriously 

Your tips and experience have really helped me so far

- Free App Marketing Strategies you should be using (No Paid Ads): Kind: captions Language: en This is your app and these are links on the internet that send [music] people to it every day. Free downloads without paying for ads. I want that for you. So, I boiled down what I learned over 13 years of marketing apps into a three pillar formula. These marketing tactics helped [music] me get over 11 million downloads across all my apps. As a solo mobile app developer, I bootstrap all my apps with no funding. So every new app has a zero budget to start with. All I have is knowledge that I learned from my previous apps [music] which I will share with you in this video. But before we dive in, let me remind you why app marketing is so important. The app stores today are oversaturated. For every app idea, there are thousands of apps fighting for the same keyword. When you publish a new app, it goes down to the bottom of the app [music] store. It does not matter how many new features you add in, no one will get to see them. The mission of every indie app developer should be to build free streams of traffic where people find a piece of content on the internet which leads them to our app. This is called organic traffic. The first tactic I want to discuss is app store optimization. ASO. This is one of the most powerful evergreen and free marketing tactics that you can use. ASO is a process to increase our apps visibility on the app store. The aim is to ultimately get more downloads. Okay. So, when discussing ASO, there are two important points to remember. Number one is increasing the number of people visiting our app store [music] page by ranking higher for relevant keywords. The second point is getting a higher conversion rate of people downloading our app when they visit the app store page. There are many factors that affect how many people visit our app [music] store page. And these are essentially factors that affect the app store [music] algorithm. and how it ranks our app when people search for it. The first ranking factor is obviously the app title and subtitle. And in this [music] section, we should only put the important keywords because it has a lot of effects of how our app ranks and obviously we should not repeat keywords between our title and subtitle because it won't matter. It will be just wasting space. The second field is the keyword field and here we can place keywords that don't fit in the title or the subtitle. We should not be repeating keywords [music] from the title or the subtitle. We should not be using prepositions like on for because these will be given for us free by the [music] algorithm. We should not be using brand names because this has a [music] high chance of baming our app. We should also not be using spaces. We should be instead using a comma between the keywords with no spacing and we should use keywords in singular only. So for example, instead of filling calorie and calories, we should only add calorie. The third element is the description and this has no effect on the algorithm whatsoever. The fourth element is these screenshots and this was traditionally not indexed by Apple but recently Apple might be using AI to read [music] the text. So we should start the screenshots with the important keywords and [music] this is essentially another place where we can put our keywords that don't fit in the title and subtitle. Although sometimes I in my apps I repeat [music] keywords from the title and subtitle here to make sure that the people seeing the screenshots understand the app immediately as well. Recently on Twitter there were also some rumors that Apple might be recognizing the images [music] on the screenshots. So it's important to add [music] images that make sense for our application. So for example, if our app is about exercise, we should include a person doing exercise so that Apple [music] understands it better. The fifth factor is reviews. Apple uses the app reviews to rank our app. So we should be asking our users to give us reviews for our app. A trick I use for this is to ask users for reviews after they complete something positive. So, for example, after they complete a workout successfully or for example, after they finish a game successfully. And this gives us a higher chance of getting a higher app rating. The final two points that Apple uses are the frequent app updates, how frequent we update our app, and the performance of our app. So, we need to make sure that our app doesn't crash a lot, else Apple will put it down the search. When thinking about the conversion rate, we always need to remember that there are humans in the loop. So humans will be seeing these factors and deciding if they should download the app or not. The most important factor for the conversion rate is the first three screenshots. So here we need to use psychology techniques to ensure that people download our app. So the first tip is to focus on benefits not features. People can relate better with benefits and how the app will affect them rather than how the app works or the features. The second point is to obviously use clear text and images which people can read and understand and we can also use credibility badges. For example, the app is used by 10k people or something like that. The second element, the second factor is the description. People don't read this a lot. It doesn't matter as much as the screenshots, but we should still design the description for the human because the Apple algorithm doesn't read it anyway. So we should target it for the people downloading our app. And the third point, like most marketing, when there's humans involved, we should do AB testing because we don't know how humans will react to our marketing material. The important thing to remember when doing ASO is that you're not doing it just for the human downloading your app, but you're also doing it for the app store algorithm to index your app on the app store. [music] ASO is one of the hardest marketing to do because it's always changing. For example, the App Store used to give one week boost to every new app to learn how users interact with it. However, Apple recently removed this. most probably to fight off the high influx of AI generated apps that are saturating the app store which is essentially a good thing but it also affects how we do ASO [music] ourself. Okay, that was a lot about ASO. Let's move on to the next tactic. The second tactic I want to discuss is building a website. This might sound simple, but trust me, it's very important because it's the single point that ties our marketing together. Essentially, when I have a win, like my app getting featured somewhere or I create a new piece of content, my site gets more domain authority. Google uses this authority index to rank sites in search. So, more authority means more views and more downloads. And this creates like a marketing loop where you get more views, more downloads, more domain authority, which leads you back to more views. [music] As an example, let me show you my latest app, Tinyast. It's a Mac OS app that shrinks almost any file locally on Mac. When I created the website, the domain authority was 0.5. Google wasn't even ranking the name. It was suggesting something else. So, there was no way people will find it with search. After the launch and using some tricks which I will share later, the domain authority went up to 26. This is huge because now Google ranks at number one if people search for the app by name. The last reason why you want to build a site is because you own it. If Google or Apple remove your app from the app store, you still have your site with the domain authority to rebuild your business. When it comes to effective website search engine optimization, I found that these strategies work the best for [music] app websites. First of all, improving the domain authority with free backlinks. I will talk about this in more detail a bit later. Second strategy is adding a few pages on the website close to the app's main functionality. For example, for my app Tiny Fast, I added some pages about compression. The third hack is to add a few JavaScript tools on your website which your target audience will find useful and stick around to use. The fourth hack is programmatic SEO. This might not be possible for all apps, but it's essentially when you have a lot of pages generated from the apps data. For example, on one of my landing pages, I added a free social media marketing calendar which feeds from the app's internal data. The fifth point is to obviously monitor your SEO efforts using the Google search console. If you're building a website, a very important point is your landing page optimization. To build my landing pages, I use the story brand framework. [music] It is discussed in this book by Donald Miller. In this framework, you essentially imagine the user as a character which has a problem and your website is the guide that will [music] help him solve it. So, I suggest you look it up and start using it. If you want something simpler and more straightforward to implement, take a look at this tweet by Dan Gulov. [music] It will give you a step-by-step overview of what your landing page should include to monitor how effective your site is. I found this trick. You can use Apple's [music] acquisition tools to know how many people coming from your website are buying in a purchases inside [music] the app. To do this, go to the App Store console, select your app, and [music] then tap on acquisition and campaigns. Here you can generate a trackable link which you can add on your site. You can also make this dynamic by changing the city parameter. This is useful if you want to track a Facebook ad campaign or something similar. If you want something simpler, you can also use the sources tab. The third marketing tactic I want to share with you is how I launch my apps. Every time I release a new app, I submit it to different websites. [music] I call this my app launch store. It's a good way to get the word out about the app quickly. The huge benefit of this is to get good feedback early on and to get free back links for your website, which will increase the domain authority early on. So, here are the websites that work really well for me. Number one is Hacker News. Hacker News is a social news website focusing on tech and entrepreneurship. It is run by Y Combinator. They have a specific section to share your apps. You can simply share an article about your app by simply adding show before the title. [music] I tried hacker news for the first time with my app shorts. The post was up voted to third place on the front page, which generated a lot of traffic to my website, leading to around 700 downloads in a few hours. To put this into perspective, if I had to use paid ads to get the same amount of downloads, it would have costed me around $700. If you decide to post your app here, make sure to read their etiquette because this site has very specific guidelines. Also, posts which are more geeky or scientific tend [music] to work better here because the audience is mainly entrepreneurs and tech enthusiasts. If your post doesn't get upvoted, you will still have a huge win because you will get a backlink from a DR91 site. The second site is Product Hunt. This year alone, I submitted seven apps on Product Hunt. I always get some traffic from a launch here, but nothing big. However, my last launch of Tiny Fast, which is a Mac OS app, got up voted 300 times and it ended up on the product hunt front page. This generated a huge amount of traffic and the spike in downloads, which I would have never got if I didn't publish my app here. One thing to keep in mind that the audience of Product Hunt is almost all entrepreneurs and developers. So in the case of Tiny Fast, it makes sense that it went up to the front page because it's essentially a tool designed for developers. So it will resonate more with this audience. Product Hunt also has a domain rating of 91. So putting a link here helps a lot with SEO. Something which I tried recently is submitting my app to a lot of different directories. Although they bring in some traffic, I don't do this for the traffic, but I do this to get free back links. This was one strategy that helped me increase the domain rating of tiny fast from 0.5 to 26 in a few weeks. When doing this, to save time, you can use services which submit your app to multiple directories at once. It's important to only submit your app to directories which have a domain rating above 10. A domain rating of less than 10 might [snorts] flag your website as spam with Google, so you don't want to do it. Another very important channel is Reddit. This involves a lot of hard work, but if done right, it will bring a lot of traffic. However, if you're not careful, you will get banned from a lot of communities. Some communities also require that you need a karma of above 100. So, sometimes you need to contribute before you can post. It is very important to choose the right community to put your post in. Posting in communities where the audience is mainly indie hackers, like launching public, will not work. [music] You might get a lot of up votes but no downloads. Another tactic I use on Reddit is replying to people asking questions related to my app. To monitor Reddit, I use this free tool called F5 bot to get an email notification when someone mentions a keyword that I track. If you think Reddit does not work for marketing, take a look at this. This post on my app Tinfast got upvoted more than 400 times. [music] I got a lot of feedback which I can use and it generated that spike in downloads. And finally, those were my three marketing tactics that I use in all my apps. Hopefully, if you hate doing traditional marketing as much as I do, you will find these useful. I will share the chart that I used in this video down below so that you can take a closer look if you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HusamFathi95 [2 likes]: Thanks, it's very useful and helpful, especially the part related to reddit 

For reddit, it is hard at first, but it's worth it
  2. @xy5lg [1 likes]: Thank you , your channel is a hidden gem . Will try to apply these when my app is ready to launch ! How soon before or after the launch date is best to work on seo for Google ?
  3. @DawidM_1997 [1 likes]: My gosh, this is pure gold. Finally no shiny pages the video creator is trying to sell, just real howto. Exactly what I needed to know, so I can work on webpage and app I've developed. Thank you!
  4. @melvinzammit: You can get the marketing chart I used in this video here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/11BT3B_akUaPeFYt0Q-Cmev8IqXpqIiHJ/view
Try my MacOS App, TinyFast (to shrink almost any file on Mac): https://tinyfast.app
Follow me: https://x.com/MelvinZammit
  5. @Инвестициивимоти: Hi , thank you for the experience .  I  will try it and will come back to tell you the feedback !
  6. @HomeQueueApp: I just wanted to say thanks for this quality content. There is so much junk out their which disguises itself as education in this space when it is really just wanting to sell you something ot they recommend lame TikTok marketing etc. Thanks for being authentic. Definitely subscribing and wish you all the best
  7. @himshikhargayan: Dude!! This is pure gold
  8. @ur_rar: I think you should sleep
  9. @aiarsenalactivators: What do you think about the idea of marketing your app before it’s fully built to see what kind of user potential there may be? I have a very unique app idea so it’s not like I could just see how competitors are doing
  10. @tomdringer985: Great video! Very helpful. Thank you. Do you have a list of directories to use, or is there an app or something that submits to domains?
  11. @Milliondollarmark5: Well good to know I’m Right on track 🎉
  12. @arpitsinghal07: Awesome

- This app made over $1M: Kind: captions Language: en I am the founder of Rooted. It's been downloaded over four million times and made over a million in revenue. >> Meet Anna. She built an iPhone app with no coding experience that's been downloaded over 4 million times. >> I don't have any technical background. So, I basically started taking what I thought would be helpful and I started drawing it out in a notebook. >> But what's more important than how she built it is how she found the idea. In my fourth year of university, I actually got a panic attack. >> In this episode, we dive into how Anya turned a very painful experience into an app that has generated over a million dollars. Specifically, Anna breaks down how to know if a problem you experience might be worth turning it into an app, how she built it without being an experienced app developer, and the four-step framework she used to get millions of users. Let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Anya to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hey, my name is Anya and I'm the founder of Rooted for Panic Attack and Anxiety Relief. Since launching in 2019, it's been downloaded over 4 million times and >> I mean, wow, that's insane. 4 million downloads on an app that you built. Can you tell me about how this all started? How you even came up with the idea to build something like this? Yeah, in my fourth year of university, I actually got a panic attack seemingly out of nowhere. I had no idea what they were before and I was far away from home. I had no family doctor and I really struggled to find the resources that I needed to get better. So, as I was looking through the app stores and looking online for something to help, I realized that there's nothing that really spoke to me. Things were really either clinical or there were hypnosis based apps and it just really wasn't what I was looking for. So that's why I figured I had something to launch here. >> I mean, I think what you did is awesome is that you actually had this personal problem, this very painful personal problem, and then you decided to build something. I guess my question is how'd you get the confidence to know that this was something worth building? How did you like validate that this could be something that could be big? >> Yeah. So my idea at the time was to download and try existing apps. And uh I noticed a common theme in the user reviews that there was this gap when it came to identifying what a panic attack is and also solutions for how to basically get through a panic attack in the moment. And I put together a really early version of Rooted, a prototype, an MVP type solution. And the first few hundred users said that even though there was still some lagging, some bugs, some incomplete parts, they really wanted me to keep going with it. And that was super encouraging. What would be your advice to someone who uh let's say they do have a personal problem like a painful problem like like mental health thing or or something like that. What would be your advice on how to like validate that this is something worth building? >> Yeah, I'd say if you are passionate about solving a problem then really launching with just an MVP to get that feedback out there. For me, I think I was just like obsessed with getting the idea out there and I really didn't then listen to the naysayers as much because I was like I need to prove this out myself. So, if you're confident that other people are experiencing your problem, it's worth just launching an MVP to see if what you've created will help them. >> Okay. Well, perfect segue on that. Let's talk about how you built that MVP, how you built the first version of that app. I understand that you don't have a technical background. You're not a programmer or coder. How did you do it? How did you build something worth using? >> I basically started taking what I drawing it out in a notebook and I was thinking about the way I wanted the information to be presented. what would be most helpful for me in that moment of a panic attack. How do I keep things super simple in the app when somebody's really overwhelmed as they're using it? And so I took these ideas and sketches from my notebooks and then I taught myself how to basically create them as wireframes in Photoshop and Illustrator. And then yeah, I went to an agency and I could not afford to work with the agency. So that certainly set me back timewise. But then at one point a student developer said that he would love to work with me and so that's how I was able to finally launch that first MVP. >> Yeah. If you could just give me a breakdown of you know how long this took, how much did you actually spend to get this prototype put together? What did that look like >> with the student developer? What I did was I just put in all my savings. You know, as a non-technical founder, it just took a few months once I actually had the developer. And that's because all of the content, all of the wireframes before then were already created. I did want to learn enough to at least be able to communicate what I wanted better. I just sort of focused a lot on the design, making sure all that was really simple. The first prototype of Rooted was essentially the panic attack button that would walk you through a panic attack. And that actually hasn't changed a ton over the years because it's really the core of Rooted. It's the aha moment that really resonates with users. What's changed is the design and the way it looks right now. But that core idea of how to stop a panic attack is still there and rooted after all these years. So I launched with that a simple breathing tool and then the lessons on how to understand panic attacks and anxiety and where they're coming from. >> All right. So you launched this, you built this, you're getting early traction. Now this is a huge app with millions of downloads. What did that growth timeline look like for you? How long did it take? >> So it started off quite slow. I'd say in the first year we reached around 10,000 downloads. It wasn't until year two or so that we reached a 100,000 downloads. And I remember after that, I guess we just knew that there was a real demand for it and kept going. And I hit a million downloads, I think, in year three. >> You mentioned just a second ago that you did this with a full-time job. How did you do that? >> Yeah. So when I first started Rooted, I was working 4 days a week and I had told my employers at the time that I was starting Rooted. I'm doing this like Rooted 3 days a week and this other job 4 days a week. So I basically had no weekends or social life for quite a few years. I don't think there's any shortcuts though. I think that's just something I had to go through. >> Tell me about that decision to go full-time on Rooted. What did that look like? >> So I had already been wanting to do it for probably a year before I did it. Uh revenue was there. it could sustain me comfortably for over a year. Yeah, it really happened when there was a lot of shifts at the other job and it just became a lot less enjoyable and I just decided that now is time. That was about 3 years ago now, so maybe 2 and 1/2 to 3 years into rooted. >> All right, before we get back to Anya's story, let's talk about where it all started. Anya didn't have a business background or app development experience. She just had a painful personal problem and decided to build a solution for herself. And that simple decision became a million-dollar app. This is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. It's our flagship program where you'll learn to build and launch your project using AI coding tools, even if you have zero coding experience. In just a few weeks, you'll go from idea to a working production app just like Anya did. So, if you're ready to turn your problem into your next project, head to the link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. All right, let's get back to the episode. All right, let's jump into the growth side of things. I know that you grew this app from zero to 4 million plus downloads. What are some of the tactics or maybe the top three things when it comes to growing a mobile or an iPhone app? First, it was active social media engagement, but I remember that I used to spend literal hours going through posts, writing helpful comments, leaving links back to Rooted, and really trying to be helpful in what I wrote. Secondly, I would say press releases. In the early days, I didn't want to be even known as like the anxiety girl. I didn't want that to like define me. Then I realized, you know, once you actually put your name to a story, it does resonate better with the audiences. I would find people online, journalists that wrote about mental health and then I would read it reach out to them either on LinkedIn or try to get their email and send pitches that way. It was a ton of work because not many people would ever respond to me. But what ended up happening is every now and then we'd get featured in a pretty major way for small apps. So we were in Cosmopolitan, we've been in Women's Health, we were even in Time magazine which was the big one. All of that really happened from these organic cold emails. And then the third thing would be a huge focus on app store optimization. So I focused a lot on making sure that the product matches what the users are looking for. They see on your product page. They download the app, they use it, and then they use the same keywords to describe their experience via the user reviews. That was like the holy circle. And if you can get that loop going, it I think it's a really strong presence for app store optimization. >> That's great. And would you have any advice for how to be helpful in 2025? You probably talked to a lot of people that are just starting to build apps. What's your advice on being helpful and doing something similar to what you did? >> I'd say not leading with, hey, this is my app. Go download it, but actually maybe even answering something like a question online that your app answers. I would almost take something like from a rooted lesson. So, let's say there's somebody makes a post saying that, you know, they had this like horrible experience with anxiety on a run today. Then I could like kind of share like why that might have happened and why, you know, it's normal. it's okay and whatnot. >> Okay. So, beyond the tactics which we talked a little bit about, I want to know now, you know, what's the bigger strategy? What does it take to build a successful app in 2025? What would be your playbook that you'd give to someone who is just starting out today? >> Right. So, step one, build a product that actually delivers what your page promises. That'll lead not only to more positive downloads, aka like people leaving positive experiences, but people will also then share it. and like the word of mouth engagement is quite important. Step two, listen to your users. So user reviews are super important. Oftentimes everything you need to know is written in the user reviews and sometimes your own assumption of what a user needs might not actually be what they do need. Step three, optimize app store presence continuously. Doing a release frequently shows that you continue to work on the app. I do one once every week and that shows that you're constantly working on fixing bugs, improving the user experience. And step four, partner strategically. So be that a wellness organization, um we've done a few B2B contracts as well, a ton of different therapy groups and psychologist offices are recommending and using Rooted and this has been something that's been helpful now in 2025. One thing that I'm curious about as someone who's built a really successful app, also helped a lot of people build successful apps. What is like the most important metrics to be tracking? Is it revenue downloads? What is it? >> Well, for me, and I think especially being in the mental health space, it's been about user reviews. So, our rating, we've been able to maintain a 4.8 out of five rating. And this is really, really important to me. users leave comments about how Rooted has helped them go back to work, go back to school, and just reclaim confidence in their lives. We've also realized that based on usage that we're able to now take a panic attack and users are feeling better from the panic attack within under 2 minutes. It's just been really exciting to to work on that and kind of see really how effective Rooted is and what users say about it. I think actually our focus on tracking user reviews and the quality of rooted over revenue has been a big factor as to why we've grown. >> All right, so we talked all about how you built this app, how you came up with the idea, how you grew it to millions of users. Can we see the app? How does it actually work? >> Yeah. So, when you first open the app, you're greeted with this blue app mascot named Ron. The main feature here is if you're in the middle of a panic attack, you'll see this red button. This is an SOS button. And it'll basically ask you how you're feeling based on either wanting to feel okay in the moment or wanting to face the panic attack head-on. And it walks you through these prompts which help to essentially activate the parasympathetic nervous system. And the parasympathetic nervous system is the one that calms us down. There's also this tool for deep breathing. And probably my favorite features are these lessons. They're actually lessons on understanding anxiety, what the physical mental effects are, the causes and theories and so forth. We also have a journal tool where you can kind of share what your feelings are, share what you've accomplished, what's weighing you down, what you're grateful for. We also have over 100 visualizations and sleep sounds. And then most recently, we have a games tool. And these are supposed to be really simple, relaxing games. Users have asked for this for many years. So the idea is for the games to be really simple things that you can play when you are on a plane or in a busy subway. Just things to kind of distract you when you're feeling a little anxious in the moment. Now that we have as many downloads as we have, whenever I launch something, I almost instantly like within a week I get to see thousands of people use it, right? So that's just been incredible. >> All right. Well, thank you for showing me that. I think what you built is awesome and it's an amazing tool for millions of people to use. You've done it. You built an app. It's really successful. You quit your full-time job. You do this for a living now. Uh what would be your advice to someone who's maybe just starting out, maybe they've just started building an app or they have an idea for an app. What would be your advice to someone who's starting out? >> I would suggest that you listen to users very closely. They will have the answers you need. They'll help you know what to focus on. And I believe, especially in the mental health space, at the end of the day, that's who we're most responsible. Launching Rooted with the MVP and getting that original feedback. I mean, to this day, I still read all the user reviews, even though I have somebody else do the responses now. I still go in and I make sure I know what's going on and just to have a pulse on what users are saying. I'd also recommend taking care of yourself along the way. I think there were definitely quite a few points where I almost reached burnout. I was building something really intense and that level of intensity was with me at all times. And I think I looking back I wish I celebrated a few of the smaller moments more because now I realize that those were like the most awesome moments whereas really I was just focus on the next thing and ready to get to the next thing. So I would recommend taking care of yourself and also celebrating the small wins. >> Well, thank you Ana for coming on to the channel. I think what you built is awesome. I'm so excited to share it with all of our subscribers on YouTube. I think what you built is really needed in the world. So thanks for coming on. >> Thank you so much for having me. >> Thanks again to Ana for coming on to the channel. Personally, I loved hearing about how she grew rooted from just a painful personal problem, like a panic attack, into an app that's been made over a million dollars. But reminder, it all started from finding that simple problem and building something. You can't skip that step if you want to build something that could potentially change your life. And this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build. We'll help you take a problem from your own life and turn it into a working app using only AI tools. So, if you're ready to build and launch your app, just head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. That's it for this episode. Let me know what you think in the comments. Thank you again for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lifeisart5450 [7 likes]: She seems to be a nice and helpful person. May Allah guide her.
  2. @starterstory [3 likes]: Ship Your First iOS App in 7 days (free course): https://clickhubspot.com/wlmd
  3. @t6-30 [3 likes]: The mascot looks like "Dumb Ways To Die" characters. 😆
  4. @Rodavlas-d8k: Red Riding Hood : Grandma, HOW BIG EYES you have ..!

Wolf : all the BETTER to see you with..my dear
  5. @artisticagi: 2:01 
she had a personal problem and wanted to see if others had it too
looked at user reviews to see what they were saying about existing similar apps. Noticed users said there was a gap
2:27
launch an mvp to get feedback. a simple version of the app.


the users said they wanted her to keep going with it
4:20
tried to go with an agency but it was too expensive
found a student developer
learned enough to create wireframes and prototypes in photoshsop and illustrator
5:30 
timeline growth of the app
5:55 
had a full time job as well, 4 days a week. had no social life during that time. just had to go through it.
7:30 
marketing--
leaving helpful posts, reaching out to people 
got featured on a few platforms
  6. @SaraWibberley-mc4lv: And how did she get downloads? Organic? Paid ads?
  7. @user-gm3lg8gp3m: Thank you!!
  8. @MP55347: whats her profit from that 1million.
  9. @CoreyChambersLA: Please don't end every sentence with froggy vocal fry. Thank you.
  10. @melanholnyi_kot: wish my panic attacks were that profitable
  11. @fisherh9111: That word she used for the app name means something completely different in Australia!!
  12. @varunnagda7002: Amazing work Anya 👍🏼
  13. @MateuszSikora1: Polska gurom!
  14. @aiarsenalactivators: I appreciate this. I’m building an app. that technically revolves or I should say really revolves around mental health in a different way and I really believe that the whole user interface and getting feedback first make most sense. Do you feel like that was one thing if you were to start all over is to market it first get feedback before you actually launch?
  15. @keanonwagner5327: I was curious to learn about the tech stack being used for @rootd_app
  16. @the_kingdom: AI could make this app in literally 5 minutes. Also, don't appreciate that you didn't ask her how she's making the 1 million dollars per year.
  17. @learneraudio: I think people who made money are being selfish. Now they even want to share how they use non code apps just bcz they already earned much. I mean why. All the people are trying to figure it own themselves and make a space to earn money. when supply ll exceed than demand, all worthy people ll get underpaid or non paid.
  18. @jusdkn: Looking at her, something doesn't feel right. Her eyes seem weird.
  19. @stevo728822: It will end up costing her more than $1 million to buy the LLM tokens to run the app.
  20. @kogitatr: That's Blue?! I thought it was green

- The $10k/month simple App Store strategy (2025 method): Kind: captions Language: en you're probably over complicating your apps let me show you the strategy that's actually working in 2025 and how easy it is to scale your app portfolio to generate $10,000 per month my simple five-step strategy is so simple that any app developer can do it did I mention it simple I built this app in a day yet it's been paying my rent every month for the past year it breaks all the rules it's only got a single feature and there's literally millions of apps like this on the app store already I start every new project with the keyword research first the most important thing you can do before you even write the first line of code is to research whether people are even looking for this app whether there's an audience whether there's users that will use this app and I look for keywords that are popular with not too much competition these are the types of keywords that I'm looking for a popularity over 20 and competition under 50 I use Astro to research keywords a popularity of around about 20 will get you this sort of Revenue per month a popularity of around about 40 month I've done a whole video covering keyword research there's a link in the description below and now we build the app we already know the keyword that we're targeting which makes it a lot easier to build an app that focuses on the problem the user has build one or two features in the app that solves the problem that they're searching for don't over complicate it we don't need a sign into to Google we don't need a collect email addresses you may not even need a setting screen at this stage but what you do need is an onboarding process so many apps that I see out there have an onboarding process that tries to teach the user how to use that app it'll show the user the feature and how that feature works if this is what you're doing with your onboarding flow stop it stop that right now get rid of it you don't want that the onboarding process serves one purpose and one purpose only it must fill the user with confidence that this is the app that they need to solve their problem and it must make them excited to use the app and continue so much so that they would be prepared to pay for it right then and there and that brings me to monetization but this is where I do things a little bit differently where most people release their app on the App Store with all all of the premium functionality built in and the pay wall ready to extract money from the user's wallet I release the app for free if you can't get someone to use your app for free how are you going to get them to pay for it and this has two amazing benefits the first benefit is people are more prepared to use a free app and provide feedback for a future version and two people are more prepared to share that app with their friends hey come check out this free app that's free marketing free growth free users for your app but this strategy only works if you don't have a lot of overheads keeping it as simple as possible is key then once the user acquisition has been validated we can add the pay wall I've covered this in a previous YouTube video link in the description and I've even made my own pay wall that I Implement onto all of my apps this payall has been proven and tested over my 4 years of building consumer apps and start off with a pay wall that has a $4.99 per week subscription with a free trial and a $24.99 per anom subscription with no free trial but Adam that's really expensive Netflix charges only a fraction of that how are you adding more value than Netflix I think most developers get stuck in this heads space that a subscription means that accessing a service or extra features or extra functionality with consumer apps consumers are conditioned that they're paying for access to the app not extra functionality not extra skins not extra features not extra filters they're paying for access to the app but who's going to subscribe for a week and have their payments deducted every week it turns out a lot of people actually want a Weekly subscription that type of user is unprepared to pay for a full annual subscription when they only need to use it for a week you've published your app on the App Store and you're getting sales you're getting downloads everything is looking so good this is the initial boost that Apple gives you in that first week where they boost your app all over the place in the app store to get users downloading your app and then after a week nothing this is the initial boost every new app gets in the App Store but it doesn't last forever a week later you'll go down to pretty much Zero downloads some developers will see this and think they're failed others will see it and try to add new features or functionality to try to recoup the users that they thought they're losing but the reality is this is just the cycle that happens to every app on the app store after 6 months you'll start to see the organic growth starting to take off again I've created a whole video on App Store optimization I'll put a link in the description below and it's a deep dive on everything you need to know to find the keywords optim your app and some of the little nuances that you just don't even think of and it's based all on my own personal experience building apps over the last 4 years and it's nothing that you'll see in a course using this strategy you've created an app that generates $500 per month well done that's an amazing accomplishment but it's not really enough to quit your 9 to5 yet what you have to realize is this strategy can be repeated time and time again all you need is 20 apps making $500 a month to earn $10,000 or 10 apps a month earning $1,000 all you need to do is find new keywords and continue building your app portfolio with each new app you build you get a little bit faster a little bit smarter and a little bit better at spotting opportunities

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoNotRedeem-g7o [9 likes]: It's actually wild that this was making 3k a month when the iOS calculator app does the exact same thing for free.
  2. @LazyBoy-x4q [5 likes]: How does the transition from free to pay work ? Because you have users that were using the app for free that need to pay after an update of the app ? (I can imagine that they are not happy and leave a bad review)
  3. @Alek-1131: I’ve helped a lot of developers, especially beginners, by heavily lowering my prices — sometimes by 90% — so they could get a fully professional app with proper design for around $100.
  4. @PreschoolDad: Big up Adam! Saw you start the channel about a year ago Adam and I thought its futile. Just wondering, how has the channel directly or indirectly played a part in your success? Would you have done the 800k or more without the channel?
  5. @ahmetutlu8441: great video. I wonder whether high ranked but low popularity or  low rank but hight popularity is better works for ASO? (rank: my app order in this keyword)
  6. @paul.devhashira: Hi, I’m someone who wants to start in iOS development. Would it be a good option for a beginner coming from web development?
  7. @Andriise-p9s: Very useful explanation!
  8. @Nocodostudio: I'm skeptical about this person’s advice. Unless you're investing real money into App Store Search ads, your app won't get much visibility. Organic ASO doesn't work like traditional SEO. it's limited. To actually drive downloads, you need to spend a decent amount on paid promotion.
  9. @MelanieLyttle: If u follow this dude know he is a closet alcoholic, lost kids, divorced scam artist. Dont believe his lies he has no money hes a scam artist narcissistic divorced middle afed alcoholic with make pattern baldness.
  10. @beerisvictory: Hey Adam! So you start implementing the PayWall after the 6 months when the app is gaining momentum?
  11. @MikeyAbbas: Mate, incredible value and it's so easy to watch your videos.
  12. @JustJammingAndPlaying: So you only make iOS apps? Not Android?
  13. @GreenAlien2023: At what point do you turn on the paywall? During the boost or during 6 month dead period?
  14. @IanLiu-f1e: COOL
  15. @ry2zen: @adamlyttleapps If you were launching a free-to-play game, would you apply the same strategy and not show interstitial/forced ads until the game got some traction?
  16. @alex.yatsenko: really, i can't belive that fresh new currency convertor app can make such a sum. I've done an invoice generator, and it made 10 bucks, for a half of a year and it's much more useful. You can't just go to google and write make me a pdf invoice with my data. But you can ask it to covert currencies.
  17. @codenamemoe9337: Hey Adam, is releasing the app free for the first few months still your strategy? Can you break down when you know your app is ready for the pay wall?
  18. @gavinwiener: Do you code purely in Xcode? Not using any cross-platform tools?
  19. @felixen21: Great video. I’m familiar with the boost in the honeymoon period, but is it natural that an app goes down to just a few downloads per day and then it starts to grow organically after 6 months? Ie from week 2 and until month 6 you’re just screwed and shouldn’t expect increases in downloads?
  20. @Алексей127-г6э: Hey, how or where do you search apps which you can buy? Thanks

- The Secret Behind Weirdly Addictive Apps: Kind: captions Language: en There's a reason Dolingo, Revolute, and Phantom all blew up, and it's the same hidden edge I found designing for startups and tech giants alike for the last decade. It's called emotional design. The art of making products feel engaging, personal, and alive. And in this video, I'll show you how to use it to build apps people love and keep coming back to. Let's be honest, these days, anyone can build something fast. We have APIs, no code tools, AI models. All the ingredients are out there. It's easier than ever to build things and ship features, which means just being useful isn't enough anymore. The real edge is in how your product makes people feel when they open it. Does it feel smooth, delightful, playful, or even premium? Or does it just feel like every other app? Now, of course, winning products still come from a mix of smart things, like having a solid business model, good timing, maybe even a strong community. The list goes on. But more and more, the thing that truly separates good from great is design that connects, design that feels intentional, design that turns users into fans. There's this quote from Reed Hastings, Netflix co-founder, and it really nails the point. The product has to be so good people want to talk about it. And in a world where every product has the same access to tech, that's your long-term edge. Not the code, not the features. It's how your product leaves people feeling when they close the tab or swipe away. Now, before we dig into one of the best examples of emotional design translating into serious business growth, if you're wondering how this might apply to your product or your business, we open up a couple of free design strategy consultations each month at SIPAP. So, feel free to sign up in the link down below if that sounds interesting. Now, with that, let's look at Dualingo and how they used delight, feedback, and character motion to pull users in and keep them coming back. Because Duolingo didn't just create another language learning app, they built a product that responds to you in real time and in a way that actually feels human. In 2022, they introduced a full character animation system. This included things like facial reactions, lip syncing with audio, and idle animations that made their characters feel alive even when you weren't doing anything. And this wasn't just for show. Duolingo's data shows that after these animations were rolled out, their daily active users more than doubled from 14.2 million to over 34 million within 2 years. On top of that, their paid subscribers also more than doubled in that same time frame. Of course, again, growth like that comes from a mix of smart moves like adding new languages, improving the curriculum, running solid marketing campaigns, etc. But what's interesting is that Dualingo's own team has highlighted character animation as one of the major reasons people stay engaged. On several occasions, CEO Luis Vonan has pointed out that the app's delightful experience, which includes these animations, sets it apart in a space full of dry, functional apps. And that connection isn't random. These animations aren't just eye candy. They're emotional feedback. They create loops that keep people engaged. When you answer a question correctly or make a mistake, you don't just get a green check mark. You feel encouraged, corrected, and even cheered on. Those quick reactions help boost engagement by triggering emotional feedback loops, something that the UX legend Don Norman talks a lot about in his book, Emotional Design. But how can you use this in your own product? Well, if your product relies on repeated user behavior, like check-ins, journaling, or habit logging, add micro interactions that give instant emotional feedback. A subtle bounce, a glow, a sparkle. These little things can make confirmation moments feel a little more rewarding. Also, celebrate the small wins. This will reinforce engagement. Once again, you know, success states don't need to be huge, but they should feel intentional. Also, if you're like Dualingo and you have a mascot of some sort, use the mascot to show expressions, to encourage users because emotions are contagious. This can be small nods, smiles, or animated reactions that make the experience feel more human. And lastly, if you want to give the user a feeling of momentum, include nice progress animations. This can be anything like using motion to show streaks just like Dualingo or showing different levels, showing journals completed, whatever gives a sense of building something over time. The goal here is to make the feedback feel human, not just functional, because that kind of emotional layer can quietly build a strong connection between the user and your product. Even something super simple, when done well, can make the experience feel more alive and more worth coming back to. So, Duolingo built habits by using design to make people feel good about using the app. And that feeling is one of the main reasons their users keep showing up. But what happens when your users aren't trying to form habits? When they instead are trying to get over skepticism? That's one of the big challenges that crypto apps face and the problem that Phantom set out to solve with the help of emotional design and animation. Let's start by just dropping the bomb. Crypto UX is notoriously clunky. And Phantom knew that. So when they rolled out a full brand refresh in mid 2023, they didn't just change their logo. They overhauled everything and brought in animation to shift perception. They animated their ghost mascot. They added playful animations during wallet creation. And they put a bunch of effort into making each interaction feel playful and approachable. The goal was clear here. Make crypto feel less scary and more human. And it's obviously worked. Today, Phantom is one of crypto's mostused wallets, recently becoming the second highest ranked app in the utilities category in the US app store, beating apps like WhatsApp and Instagram. Now, just like Dualingo, Phantom's growth rode the wave of market momentum and smart business execution. But what really made them stand out was how design-led they were from the jump. Their CEO, Brandon Milman, has been super clear about that. This wasn't just another wallet. From day one, the team focused on polish, on craft, and on building something that actually felt good to use. In his own words, polish matters. We're a design-led company that takes time to craft polished products. And that mindset paid off because while most wallets were built by developers for other developers, Phantom focused on consumers. Their goal was to onboard the next billion people to web 3. And that meant investing in crisp, emotional UI and animations. So when designing in spaces that feel intimidating, complex, or where the stakes are really high, like finance, crypto, health, or insurance, for example, remember these principles. Polish builds trust. Treat visual details, motion, and transitions as core product features, not fluff. Every little micro interaction is a trust signal. Also, try to keep it approachable. Friendly visuals and warm, playful details make heavy topics feel a little lighter, and that goes a long way in building confidence. Build for people, not just pros. Don't just assume that users know the rules. Design flows that make sense to everyday people, especially if you're reaching beyond early adopters. Performance matters, but what really sticks is how the product feels when someone taps, swipes, or waits. Giving the users smooth feedback is going to increase their confidence with your product. As an agency that has experience helping drive big design results in the crypto industry, we try to share some of our learnings by writing case studies about our wins every now and then. If you're interested in that, there's a link below for that, too. Now, we've seen how character and delight create trust, but trust isn't the end goal for everyone. So, let's explore how emotional design and motion can be used in an even more lucrative way to sell luxury, which brings us to Revolute. Revolute's been investing in design and animation for years. But what's super interesting is how their design glow up has tracked right alongside their push into more of the premium space. As they've moved up market, their visual language has gotten way more polished and it's pretty clear that they've been intentional about this, aligning how the product feels with where they want the business to go. Take the first time user experience as an example. They don't just drop you into a boring signup flow. Instead, you get rich visuals, super smooth transitions, and right away, it feels like you're stepping into something premium. I mean, even their charts leveled up. You don't just look at your spending data, you feel it. You drag your finger and the graph responds with this soft glow, turning numbers into something way more tactile. The same thing with their cards. You don't just see a static image. You get a full little 3D moment there. The card flips, rotates, catches light. It's clean. It's intentional. And it's honestly just kind of satisfying. And these little details like subtle animations in security flows or onboarding provide that sense of trust without trying too hard. None of these design details shout at you, but together they create something way more premium. And in fintech in particular, where trust literally affects how much users spend, that kind of polish translates straight into revenue. So here's the big takeaway. Nail the first impression. Spend time to polish your onboarding. Polish your welcome moments to immediately communicate quality, trust, and care. Add subtle moments of delight like animations, like fades and hover effects or gestures. Build that emotion and make touch points feel intentional. Make interactions feel dynamic. So, tactile charts, responsive feedback, or animated cards that just turn basic features into something that feels elevated and engaging. Now, if you found this video helpful at all, you will probably love the video here somewhere. Also, if you're building a product, a website, or a brand, and you want to find out how to boost your top business metrics through design, well, consider our free strategy consultation. The links still down below. Still down below, still above law. Until the next one, have a great

  Top Comments:
  1. @dustspark_ [3 likes]: As a designer I understand the approach of this video, however, I don't agree with the success of these products being tied to design aesthetics that push emotional attachment. Animations right now are super common in consumer apps, and there are tons that are failing even with great animations simply because the product did not connect. Also keep in mind, these businesses were already up and running before they introduced any sort of emotional design to further improve numbers. Emotional design and delight is secondary when it comes to building successful products. Performance is definitely a much higher priority.
  2. @saasonaut [2 likes]: im gonna put an owl in every app i build from now on
  3. @ysddesigns: Functional first then emotional
  4. @AkinmosinAdetoye: thanks so much for this video!!
  5. @yurism: Revolut's design is horrible....the most confusing baking app ever...
  6. @marcos-wu9yc: just dark pattern, nothing special. designers don't care about ethic, it's so sad... 
stupid hints to wrong purposes.
  7. @dgamer6316: Would you review my app
  8. @FromValkyrie: https://youtu.be/VlcyOTCB3as?si=-a3bj9ccojDtSVMn 
This guy literally copied your video verbatim.
  9. @EthanChristIsTheLord: Bro has to stop releasing all the methods hahahahahhahahhaha
  10. @MarcyAvila: But how tho?😭
  11. @xbxb: Bruh you're talking like emotional design applies to everything app.
  12. @xbxb: Easy to say. But this kind of stuff doesn't just come out of the search engine. These things cost resources and creative skills and talents.
  13. @jesuslopez6873: that shit is expensive
  14. @framikmm6: Amazing video, thanks
  15. @marinany3089: I love your videos One question though. What tools would you recommend we use in order to achieve this? I am asking literally about software. Is this possible with figma and adobe or am I missing something hidden here. I am not exactly a motion designer.
  16. @thisisloop: thank you, good value
  17. @psnts-5ao: The point about 'polish building trust' in crypto is so true. Phantom wallet feels safe because it feels premium. I’m trying to add those little 'delight' moments to my own app now, like confetti on success states. I actually prototyped the animations in CSS first and hosted a demo on Tiiny Host to show the devs exactly how the bounce effect should feel
  18. @marufhassan634: CRED is one of the apps who have nailed UI/UX
  19. @corinnewilhelmESE: What was the Emotional Design book you mentioned please? - Found it Don Norman
  20. @elisachoo: So, which program should I use to create engaging animations?

- Why Indie Devs Are Giving Up on Mobile Apps | Google, Apple, and the EU: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm Think Tank. You might know me from videos like a Unity Dev Learns GDAU parts 1 through six and is GDO Good. In fact, most of you probably know me from Iscado Good. You might remember that at the beginning of that video, I mentioned an app that I have or had released on the Google Play and Apple App stores called Real Chimes. It's a fully customizable, physically simulated set of windchimes that you can configure and place in different environments with unique ambiences and color palettes. I designed it to help people calm down, meditate, or fall asleep to. I actually released a couple videos using it to try and generate some interest on this channel early on, which you can still watch if you want to. What you probably aren't aware of, though, is that the app is unfortunately only available on the Apple App Store now and only in non-EU member countries, and that's the main reason for this video. The EU's Digital Services Act trader requirements forces developers to provide personal information, including their physical address if they want to provide paid or monetized products or services to EU countries, even if they're a personal entity like an indie developer. I know that you can find this information about nearly anyone if you really want to, but having it so readily accessible is a big issue for a lot of indie developers like myself and raises serious concerns about privacy and safety. The DSA is supposed to provide customers with better protection of fundamental rights, more control and choice, and easier reporting of illegal content, as well as stronger protection of children online, such as prohibition of targeted advertisement to minors, less exposure to illegal content, and more transparency of content moderation decisions. That's well-intentioned, I think, but the traitor requirements it contains end up violating indie developers rights to privacy. So, it feels like two steps forward, one step back. How those rules are enforced is at least to some degree up to the platforms that host the content. Apple, for its part, only enforces the developer transparency aspect if the app is available in the EU and they let you use a PO box for your address if you have one. So, I can still keep my app available to people in the US and other countries that don't have the DSA. Or I could get a PO box if I still wanted it to be available in the EU. Google decided it was going to force everyone to disclose that information regardless of where the app was available though. So I had to pull the app down for personal privacy reasons. I tried a lot of things to get around this legally of course on the Play Store. I was going to use a PO box, but that's not allowed per Google's documentation like I just said. Then I thought I could remove all monetization on the app, but that didn't work either because once you've declared your developer account to be monetized, it will show that information regardless of the app being monetized or not. What I finally ended up doing was just d-listing the app and creating a closed beta test track to keep my account from getting deactivated, but still allow me to give access to people who I want to let use the app. This isn't an ideal solution, though, and leaves me with two final options. Either I can form a single-user LLC and register it using a service that provides a business address for me, or I can make a new Google Play developer account that is non-monetized and transfer the app ownership to that account. But then I never have the option of making money off of it, which is kind of a bummer. Making the app unmonetized by removing ads also means that people who paid for it before now just get the same experience as people who didn't. And doing that to people who paid to have the ads removed and support me feels wrong. The plan was always to form an LLC eventually. I thought I could get a job and make some money before this happened, but I haven't been able to get one yet. It turns out the job market is pretty bad. This is an allaround depressing situation for me and a lot of other indie developers. There are lots of forum posts talking about it and how people are just giving up on developing apps for mobile app stores. And I guess I'm one of those people now, at least for the near future. I put my heart and soul into making Real Chimes. I wanted to make something unique that people enjoyed and could maybe even help them. And I wanted to show that I could do cross-platform development to any potential employers. At this point, I wouldn't recommend trying to develop an app at all if you're an indie, especially not for Google if you want to make money off of it. But it's more than just their enforcement of DSA requirements that have me burnt out. Even if you don't want to make money from it, the process of getting the app accepted, verified, compliant with every little regulation and then doing some of those steps again every time you release a new update or a new regulation is handed down is stifling. Apple is even harder to publish apps on than Google is. And both platforms offer little or no support for developers to navigate these confusing and complicated processes. I had to resort to a lot of form searching, mostly on Reddit, to find answers to some questions. Because while there are ways to contact Google and Apple, it's a slow process and there aren't options for help with a lot of the difficult parts of submitting your app for approval and complying with legal requirements because they can't offer that kind of help legally. I actually have another game I made a couple years ago at this point before I decided to start learning GDAU. It's almost done and basically fully playable. It's in sort of an early beta state, but I can't release it now and I don't really have the desire to anymore either. One of the reasons I was so open to learning GDAU was because I was already getting burnt out with mobile development when the whole runtime fee thing happened. So, I was okay with learning a new engine that didn't have the same level of support for mobile development. I remember when mobile was a place for interesting ideas and innovation and a guy could release an app that was just a fluid simulation that looked like a beer or a game where you flicked trash into a basket or heck even a game with stolen Nintendo assets and be successful. It's not like that anymore. It's just the same game copied a million times by game mills using asset packs and weird marketing. It's not like the demand isn't there either. There are more people playing mobile games now than there ever were. Before I got into developing mobile apps, I thought it was because it was just easier to copy what everyone else was doing. But now, I think the reason there's so little innovation anymore is because of how companies are handling their platforms. It gets increasingly harder to navigate the process of even getting your app on the store that it dissuades anyone with a novel idea from trying to make it. Because if it isn't a proven idea, you really have no guarantee of success. And for the amount of trouble it is, it's not worth it for most people. Most indie developers seem to feel the same way. At least the ones that talk about it. But if you disagree, I hope you can at least understand why it's so frustrating for many of us. Even if someone is okay with having their personal information so easily available, I want them to know what they're getting themselves into if they decide to publish an app as an individual or small team and just how complicated the whole process has become. I don't want to kill anyone's dreams here. If you have an idea that you're passionate about, try it. I did. Just know that this isn't as easy as you might think, which I guess few things are anyway, so who cares? Well, maybe one day we can get better legislation and requirements that can truly protect both parties. And maybe mobile app store owners can make the process of releasing apps easier. But that will never happen if we don't talk about it and air our grievances about how things are affecting us indie developers. If you want to help me get my app back up on Google because despite everything, I'd like it to still be available one day, you can subscribe and watch my videos. If you found me through this video, I make GDO focus content right now as I recreate and expand my first game, but I want to make videos about other engines and general game development stuff too in the future. Since I'm monetized now, you can even leave a super chat if you want to contribute more directly. I know probably none of you have used my app and you know it's kind of rough around the edges being my first finished piece of software but I think it's still pretty cool. So if you want to try it out, I've released it for Windows on it.io for free. Anyway, that's it. Thanks for watching. I hope it was helpful if you're an aspiring mobile developer or somebody who finds themselves in the same situation as me. I appreciate any form of support, even if it's just liking the video or subscribing. You guys are helping me achieve my dreams piece by piece and I appreciate it so much. If you want to, you can follow me on Twitter or Instagram from the links below. And I'll see you guys in whatever my next video is. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gilligames-Todd [13 likes]: I'm an indie developer that has released a few mobile apps and a few PC games (mostly recently on Steam). I have been telling people that I'm done making mobile games for about a year now. As a game developer, PC games on Steam are much less of a headache than mobile, for multiple reasons:
• The mobile review process is often plauged with seemingly random rejections for invalid reasons, forcing you to go back and forth multiple times before getting anywhere. This often happens when submitting a minor update to an app that had already been approved previously, despite the given reasons already being in previous builds.
• Third party SDK's always require updates, and often fail to build correctly when you update them.
    1. If you want to save user data, you need to get a user ID: Facebook login, sign in with Apple, Firebase are all options.
    2. Push notifications if you want to keep users engaged.
    3. Ads if you want to monetize with ads.
    4. Analytics, including the effectiveness of advertising your app in other apps. And if users opt out of tracking data, forget about useful data.
    5. These are just some that I've had to implement... there's probably tons more.
• OS update requirements: Apple and Google are both constantly moving forward with OS updates that are required for future app updates. Again, whenever you update something, there's a non-zero chance that your build will suddenly not want to build anymore, leading to hours of troubleshooting.
• Visibility: Getting noticed in the app stores is impossible without spending thousands of dollars on advertising, which usually ends up being a black hole where money goes.
• The mobile stores are nothing but a distribution system with a rudimentary rating/review system.
• If you want to save any user data outside of the device itself, and have it synchronize to other devices the user is signed in on, you will have to develop your own backend or subscribe to a backend service (and implement it).
• Multiplayer games will require your own backend or subscribe to a backend service (and implement it).

To contrast putting a game on Steam:
• The review process is almost non-existent. As long as your game runs, it'll pass, and you can have this one-time review process done early in the dev process before an release build is made.
• You only need to implement the Steam SDK, which is extremely easy to do.
• Steam is much more than a distribution system with reviews. It's an entire community and eco-system that's too large to talk about here, but here are some key features:
    1. Community discussion boards.
    2. Stats & achievements
    3. Multiplayer networking servers are included, including matchmaking services.
    4. All players are signed into Steam by nature, so you immediately have access to their user ID through the Steam API.
    5. Steam provides "cloud save", which allows player data to be automatically synchronized to the cloud and all other devices they play on - you don't need your own backend service.
    6. Your Windows game will likely run on the SteamDeck (a mobile device) and through SteamLink (to treat the computer in your office like a console in your living room), because Steam has created these things and provided them for all games to work on, automatically.
• Steam doesn't allow ads in their store. All games that are promoted in the Steam store are based on player engagement and relevant recommendations that Steam handles based on game history. This means that even one-man indie games can surface to the top if players like it, and it doesn't cost the developer anything to appear on the front page in that situation.
• Windows (in particular) doesn't have forced OS requirements that have to go in games. You can make a game now and never be forced to update it for a future Windows version.
• Steam requires a $100 payment for EACH APP on Steam, which is refunded after the app earns $1000. This safeguards against a flood of pure crap. Sure, there's still a lot of bad things, but this will keep scammers, adware, scammers, etc. away.

I could probably go on, but this is just a youtube comment, so I'll stop there. :D
  2. @dwnsdp [5 likes]: publish it on fdroid!
  3. @JörgHinrichsenjoyboard [2 likes]: The EU does not require your personal address and personal phone number,  but require "company" contact details. 

I can't talk about all countries in the  EU, but in Denmark, Sweden and Germany it's usually beneficial to register as a "sole proprietorship" or "partnership" company and get a VAT number as soon as you think about selling something. 

If European Indie developers want to protect their private address, they can always register their company address at some "Office Hotels / Shared Office". Example price for Denmark ranges from 40-70€ a month. A extra SIM card for the company phone number cost less than 10€ for 90 days. 

Here you want to have a VAT number for tax reasons, and when you have a VAT number then your company details are in a public VAT database anyways.

So it's not that the EU does not care about Indie developers, but their laws are tailored to how the majority of people work in the EU. 

Should the sales in EU not be enough to cover the cost for a company address and extra SIM card, then stop selling in the EU has no real financial impact on the developer.
  4. @dennissdigitaldump8619 [2 likes]: People complain when someone says "I need $10k to finish this app", but in our current environment, that might just cover legal, company formation, and various fees. Even for a weekend "Jam" type mobile app.
  5. @jsmxwll [1 likes]: man that's rough. piss poor implementation is google's bread and butter. draw a line from where they are to minimal compliance with minimum effort and cost and you'll usually land close to the decision they end up making. they used to be an innovation company empowering indie devs and now they are only innovating how to better use your personal information to sell their services as an advertising channel to advertisers.

hope you're doing well. wish you'd make videos more often though!  i keep forgetting about you until i find a video from months ago.
  6. @skylark_yt [1 likes]: EU is a totalitarian hellscape. Nothing to do with safety - 100% to do with creating a chilling effect on access to information.
The point is to remove independent voices from platforms.
  7. @germansantapop7598 [1 likes]: Scary video to watch as someone working on a mobile game ~8 months in development, but I really appreciate it! Hopefully if releasing my game on mobile is too annoying, I'd be able to rework the game for a steam release (copium). Thanks for the video!
  8. @manoelBneto [1 likes]: It's actually easier and less stressful to release games on the freaking Nintendo Switch than on Apple's or Google's platforms, I kid you not.
  9. @lockscorparationunrapped4309 [1 likes]: Technically there is one other option on Android, you don't have to comply with google's terms of service if you're not even in Google's Play Store to begin with, side loading is very easily possible on an Android device, that would make it harder to reach more people but it is also an option that means you don't have to sacrifice your ability to monetize or your privacy to have the app on Android
  10. @taurohkea2169: I have to say i published my humble app on Google and Apple stores but it really seems like i can't get enough userbase to keep it running. I recently pushed my limits to publish 2-3 updates a month, i keep adding more features, trying to keep up with industry standards and adding customizable options but the problem is how to advertise an app? I wouldn't work on this myself if i had enough money in the first place 😂 there are millions of apps out there, how to make it more accessible and appealing. Some folks join and delete the app next day because there are not enough people.

Theres just hope that maybe some people lost their way on the internet or search in Google for indie app. Hahah even google doesn't like my app name. When i search for confesz, google says did you mean this "confess" 😅 im screwed 😂
  11. @justoneweek6983: I hate mobile screen not fitting for my game the entire screen can you make a video about that it doesnt scale perfectly.
  12. @justoneweek6983: Its fucking stupid it destroys privacy and creativity if everyone knows you are this artist and make a controversial game.

Artist are better when they are anonymous
  13. @popcorn67183: Excellent video yet again.
  14. @VirideSoryuLangley: Bureaucracies, by their very nature, tend to expand. So I only expect the EU to come up with more and more rules. They don't care if this stifles innovation or crushes anyone's dream.
  15. @PUP-v4c: Could you at least release the apk on itch?
  16. @____5461: Also, a huge part plays the store itself. Google play is a shitty store where you can't find your game even if you enter the exact name of the app and the developer. Unless, of course, you pay Google lots of money to promote your game.

Don't misunderstand me, of course you should advertise your app. BUT! If you use search and enter the exact name - first result must be your app and not some completely opposite to genre trashy app that simply pays more while you are at the position 376 in the list (not joking, literally the best result I had)
  17. @gsestream: not getting served any more? sad.
  18. @AugerHybrid: It's over.
  19. @MP-vc4nu: Google, Apple etc big platforms are powered by Indians overseas, they don’t need to give anything to their inland indie developers anymore.
  20. @ANDSENS: Sounds to me like malicious compliance from the Google Play Store...

- My 2 apps made $1.5M: Kind: captions Language: en Within the last 12 months, I've built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. >> This is Kletchi, a 22-year-old from Nigeria who moved to the US with nothing but a dream to build a business. >> You know, I moved to the US with literally only $100 my name >> with his back against the wall in just a few months to prove himself. Kletchi built two apps that changed his life. >> Today, my apps have been downloaded over 700,000 [music] times across the App Store and Play Store. >> His secret sauce, distribution. But it's not SEO and it's not Tik Tok. It's something a little different. >> Here's what I think most people don't understand about mobile apps. >> By using the strategy, he was able to get millions of eyeballs on his idea virtually for free. I brought Kletchi onto the channel to break down exactly how he did it. And in this video, we'll dive into his two apps that made over a million dollars, his secret distribution strategy you've probably never heard of before, and his playbook on how he'd start over from scratch today. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Kleti, to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, I'm Kishi. Within the last 12 months, I built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. So, the first one is Social Wizard, and the second one is called Clin. I saw a guy on X talking about how he made a million dollars a month from an app. And right then was when I decided I was going to start building apps. >> Okay. Before we get into the apps that you built, I just want to understand some of the numbers behind this. You've done 1.5 million in revenue. What are these apps and what are some of the numbers behind them? >> Um, so we first launched in, you know, early 2024. I launched my first app and, uh, we went extremely viral. Quickly scaled to about $60,000 a month. Today, we've done over 600,000 downloads. Eventually, after some time, I put that business on autopilot and I launched my second app. And, uh, we hit about 10K in revenue within 2 weeks. and about 4 months later ended up exiting that to a UK based company. >> Okay, cool. I want to dig in a little bit into your first app, the first app that you built, the one that made nearly a million dollars. How did you actually find the idea for this app? >> The concept really came from my first app and it was basically a social application where people shared, you know, pictures in groups. It was called Casp. It grew to a few thousand users and over 20,000 pictures were posted on the app, but I mean eventually failed. And there was one particular girl on the app, you know, she would post all these really personal pictures about herself. I'll see her cooking. I'll see her, you know, working. I'll see her in class. And eventually, I became interested in this girl. And we started texting for a bit, but after a while, it didn't really go the way I planned. And so, I went to the app store and I searched up advice, life advice. I didn't really see any apps that could help me. And so, around this time, this was when OpenAI was really going heavy with the LLMs and I just whipped up like a script and I would get like lines to like text this girl. So, it wasn't even a product, it wasn't an app, it was just some back end I was playing around with. It was a script on NestJS that I had built. Eventually, my friends invited me to homecoming. I gave a few [music] people the app to play around with. And this was probably the first time that my high school friends cared about anything I was working on. That was when I realized that there might actually be something here. And eventually I whipped it together, polished it more, and released the app store. >> Okay, so the idea is clearly working. Your friends finally care about it. You launch into the app store, it becomes a live app. But then what I want to know is once you had the live app in the app store, how'd you grow it to make nearly a million dollars? So the first sale came in, you know, very very late January. We made about $10. I spent the next four weeks trying to crack distribution and uh eventually something stuck. You know, I figured out the viral formats. Literally 2 weeks after that happened, 3.5K in MR after 2 weeks. After 1 month, we had crossed $25,000 in MR. I think by month six, we had cash collected about $250,000. That year probably ended with about half a million cash collected. I haven't spent a dollar on marketing within the last year and we're literally still printing which is really good. >> Okay, Kletchi, so you mentioned something really important which is you cracked distribution. I want you to go deeper though. I want you to tell me how you actually cracked distribution. What was the secret sauce behind Social Wizard where there were lots of other apps that I'm sure did the same thing but didn't make nearly a million dollars like yours? >> I think distribution is really a show don't tell kind of game. With Social Wizard, people just use it for texting. Like that's the main use case that guys use it for. Everyone knows that Instagram is a [music] dating site. I think Instagram is a dating site masquerading as a social network. And we had this kind of like streamer strategy that we used to scale the app. There was a feature on social wizard where you can take the screenshots of a girl's story, put it on the app and it would generate like hints to say. That was the format that ended up going viral. But it took me a while to find that format myself. Initially I was making content myself to kind of find what was going to stick. When I found what kind of, you know, worked, then I went [music] to very, very micro streamers, very degenerate streamers. They hadn't really had any viral moments. Maybe they had some videos that had done like 100k, 200k, but I saw the edge with them because, you know, they were hitting the audience that we wanted. And uh I believe that if we worked with them and took shots with the formats that worked, we would go viral. And that's exactly what happened. So, this is an example of a collab that we did with a streamer. You know, I went to him and said, "Hey, this is the format that is working. A lot of people like to see videos like this. just recreate this. Just going to play for you so you see why this went viral and I'll tell you what we actually ended up getting from this video. >> What's this? Oh my god, look at her. >> If you want to go viral, you need to find a strategy to make the viewer pause. If your video doesn't make people pause, they're going to scroll past. And obviously, you can see why people pause on this. It starts with a very pretty girl. [music] And you know, this is literally where we integrate Social Wizard. He doesn't talk about trying to sell the app. The viewer is watching this like a regular video and he says, "Okay, it's a pretty girl. What do I say to the picture? How do I reply to the story? Everyone is probably thinking the same thing. Everyone watching this video is probably thinking, "How does he reply to this [music] story?" And let's see what he does. >> I don't know what to do. You know what? We're about to use the wizard app. Wizard app always do the trick. >> Start a conversation. I'm going add the picture of her. Flirty. All right. Cook up, please. That pink dress looks like it was made just for you. Planning on stealing any hearts tonight? I'm going to use that one. >> Boom. By this point, we've sold everyone what this product is. They don't even need to finish the clip. Distribution is always a show don't tell game. A lot of people think you need to try and sell your products, but demo what it does. Show people how it works. If they find value in it, they're going to download it. They're going to give you money and your app is going to scale. So, with this particular video, I paid this creator about $120 and the video hit 2 million views and brought in tens of thousands of dollars, which is insane [music] ROI. You can't get this on paid ad. You can't get this on UGC. And that's pretty much it. We took this format and we scaled it over and over and over and over and over again across multiple creators, multiple videos, and yeah, we just kept printing. >> One thing I love about Kletchi's story is how fast he built his apps. He had the idea, built it over just a couple weeks, and started getting users right [music] away. This is the power of what happens when you're using the right tools to build. And this is why I love today's sponsor, Emergent. Emergent is a vibe coding platform that turns your idea into a productionready app just by [music] chatting with AI. You can build full stack mobile apps with React Native, download [music] APKs to test on your phone, and deploy directly to the app store. And if you're building AI apps just like Keni, Emergent's universal LLM key gives you instant access [music] to OpenAI, Claude, and Gemini with no complex API setup required. And the best part about Emergent is [music] everything is production ready from day one. Built to handle real users and real traffic [music] without expensive rewrites. Over 1.5 million people are already building with Emergent. And their apps have hit 15 million ARR in just 3 months. If you're ready to turn your idea into a real app without the overhead, check out Emergent at the first link in the description right below. Thank you to Emergent for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. My next question for you would be if you were to start all over again knowing what you know, what would be your playbook to build a successful app right now? >> I think in 2025 product development is not enough anymore. If you don't find a way to tell people about your product, then you might as well not even build a product. Step one is I look at the niche. Is there a large volume of content already being produced in this niche? That's the first question I ask myself. And if the answer is yes, then I'll go to midsize to large creators to make [music] content. If it's no, then I would focus on making content myself. And it's very important that you don't outsource this process [music] because you want to learn as much as possible. A lot of people, they have capital and they just outsource the whole thing and they end up burning so much money and it never makes [music] any sense. Step two, produce the content. And this is where most people get it wrong. Working with creators is also a vol game, right? A lot of people reach out to five creators or 10 creators and they're like, "Ah, it's not working. It's not working." But in reality, you might have to reach out to 100 creators to get one that will work for you. But once you find a creator that is willing to work with you and you put out content with them, it's much easier to get more creators on board because then you can have that creator's video and leverage it to other creators. And all you're trying to do is make [music] clips with the creator to find what kind of works, right? A lot of people think you need to find the viral format from day one. Not really. You just need to find something that kind of works. And it's always important that you make content on Tik Tok when you're trying to find a viral format and not Instagram. It's easier to go viral on Tik Tok on new accounts compared to Instagram. create a page, start making content. I'll start with three videos a day. You know, on let's say two accounts, so you have two accounts, you're making three videos a day, maybe two on one account, one on another account. The goal here is consistency and volume. After a week or two, you scale that up to 10. You scale that [music] up to 20. A lot of people believe in this idea of virality being a luck game. But if you're putting out a 100 videos per day, that's 700 videos in a week. If one went viral, I don't think you would call that luck. You would pretty much think that you earned that. And so, when it comes to distribution, it's never luck. It's deterministic. Go full auto. Create as much volume as possible. One would stick. If you try hard enough, you're going to find out viral formats. Step three, scale. If you're working with creators, you want to work with as much as possible. You want to reproduce your content to reach out to more, more, more. The more you reach out, the easier it is to get in contact with more creators and get them pumping out the same videos. You don't have to go to creators that are directly in your space. They could be adjacent. I'll give you an example. For Social Widget, for example, these micro streamers that we work with, none of them were really making content for [music] our space about social skills. It was kind of a lot of different things. They were making content about Fortnite, you know, people breaking into McDonald's, [music] just crazy stuff. They were reacting to videos, but again, they were hitting our audience and there was a lot of potential I saw with them being able to create content. If you're building an app that is in health and fitness, you could go to cooking creators. You don't have to go to creators who are directly in your niche, and if you try hard enough, you'll find something that will stick. >> Okay, cool. I mean, that playbook is awesome. It's all about distribution. I want to go back a little bit and talk to you about ideas. You launched two very successful apps. You're a very busy guy. You probably have a bunch more ideas for things that could work. Could you share with the audience right now some of your mobile app ideas you have in 2025? >> I think the education niche is massively overlooked. I mean, right now, everyone is building apps in health and fitness and lifestyle, and that's kind of like where the craze is going today. There's so much information out there. You could build an app about how to get better at boxing, how to get better at swimming, how to even get better at persuasion. If you package it properly, I think there's a huge opportunity there. So, I think education is a really good space I think people should start looking into. >> Uh, well, we haven't really talked about it yet, but I'd love to actually see what you build. You have two apps that made $1.5 million. What are these apps? What do they do? >> So, the first one is Social Wizard. It's an AI powered application that helps guys improve their social skills. Most of the users who use the app are within the ages of 16 to 24. I guess what we're selling here is confidence, making it easier for people to [music] uh reply to the DMs they get. For this app, we monetize through subscriptions. It's a weekly subscription about $10 a [music] week. We have a monthly about 20 bucks and there is a yearly for about 80. And the second one is called Clean Eats. Very simple. It's an app in health and fitness. You scan the barcode of a food product and will tell you how it affects your skin or your weights. Most of the users who use this are [music] women within the ages of 18 to say about 28 is the core market. One thing I'll say app founders need to do is when you look at your products, try to extrapolate what you're actually selling. Because when you're looking at cleans, you can say we're trying to sell this healthy [music] alternatives to products, but what is the purpose of being healthy? What is that going to get me? But if you tell me, hey, don't eat this food product cuz it's going to mess up my skin. I am not going to touch it. I think for both apps, really what we're selling was confidence. >> Okay, let's switch topics here. You built these apps yourself. What's the tech stack? How do you build apps, >> right? So for me, I'm a React Native guy. With all these tools today like charge, it's very, very [music] easy to build a very performative app with React Native. For back end, I love NJS. [music] You can deploy that anywhere. Render Heroku, it doesn't really matter as long as the server works. Database, Firebase [music] is my go-to. Very simple, highly scalable, very affordable. And analytics, we just use Mixpanel. Always optimize for a stack that would get your product out there as soon as possible and is highly scalable. >> And on that same note, I want to understand a little bit about the cost to run a business like this. What are the margins like for a solarreneur running multiple apps? For Social Wizard, most of the expenses was really marketing. You know, after Apple takes their cuts, profit margins are really over 90%. Because there wasn't really much we're spending money on. So, every month, we only spend like 1 to maybe 2K on infrastructure cost. These apps barely cost anything to run. You're going to end up spending like 90% of your budgets on marketing. [music] If you do it properly, the cash flow is insane. >> Okay. Well, thank you for sharing that, being transparent about those numbers. The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could stand on Young Kletchi shoulders before Social Wizard, what would be your advice? Or to anyone who's watching this that wants to build apps, what would you tell them? >> You're not crazy for being extremely obsessed with your goals. You're [music] not weird if you choose not to go out on the weekends because building is all you love to do. And this is something I heard from Alex Mozi. To be exceptional, by definition, you have to be the exception. And I think that's okay. >> That's great advice. Thank you Kletchi for coming on sharing this. Congrats on your success. Two very successful apps. I know people watching this will be inspired. Thank you for coming on. >> Thank you for having me Pat. >> Okay. Thank you to Kletchi for coming on to the channel. I especially liked what he said at the end there about what tech stack to use. [music] Keep it simple. Build stuff that solves problems and focus on distribution. But in order to do that, you need to actually build something. And what better [music] than to build it with all these AI coding tools that are taking off and allowing you to build apps [music] in days. This is why we launched Starter Story Build, which is our program where in just a couple weeks we will show you how to use AI to build anything you [music] want. So whether you want to launch a mobile app or a microsass, Starter Story Build can help you get there. Just head to the link in the [music] description to check out Starter Story Build. I think you're going to love it. All right, that's it for this episode, guys. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RP-ci8dj [15 likes]: If I was making 1.5 a year you wouldn’t see me making YouTube video
  2. @starterstory [2 likes]: Grow your mobile app with our cheat sheet: https://clickhubspot.com/dprm
  3. @buzzeins [2 likes]: Bullshit
  4. @iammricoflly [2 likes]: Finally one of them not scamming
  5. @mister_mysterium_tremendum [1 likes]: and I made a billion through my sheer good looks. sure bud.... that's why you're on youtube making a video about it right?
  6. @EddieFonzarelliTTV0451: Surely aspiring vibe coders have to be proper coders in the first place to really leverage the app, no?
  7. @ThePalatzo: I’ve been watching several Starter Story interviews where developers share how they’ve built businesses generating millions in revenue. What struck me, though, is that many of them appear to live in modest, undecorated apartments based on the video backgrounds - which by the way are not wallpapers.
 If these earnings are real, why do so many successful founders choose to remain in such simple living spaces rather than upgrading? Is this a reflection of lifestyle choices, reinvestment priorities, or perhaps the realities behind revenue vs. profit?
  8. @adl7370: GEMSS
  9. @95katebiel: amazing interview! 😄Thank you so much, your words made me feel better.
  10. @Justin2Game: I made some sick things I just need advide pushing them out or gettintg traffic please someone help me thank you
  11. @mattiaguerriero6108: <3
  12. @mykolaz.0: Nice
  13. @JTLJTL0: The U.S. is not letting someone move to the United States if they don't have a sponsor, proof of family somewhere, or money. So all that coming to America with $100 is false.
  14. @Sam-123-z2o: He paid influencers to make it viral. Very difficult. They can eat all your investments
  15. @lrodriguez0108: Hey I have an app idea which ive been thinking about for months and feel like is a necessity for this generation. An app i wld definitely use. I dont know how to code. Who do  I contact to start working on an app?
  16. @J123-d8j: wow what a lame apps :D people are so desperate. good for him it sells though.
  17. @dungeonsofkards: This is a lie, my friends.....those crap apps dont make 1,5M
  18. @Velmiorr: So incredibly uplifting
  19. @lils8005: where are the comments? This content is so sus
  20. @starsunderer: the volume and voice quality is do disproportionate. i had to constantly rise the volume to hear what Kelechi was saying because his voice is so low and audio was low. then when the talker switched i had to lower it because his audio and voice was super clear and crisp and loud, annoying,

- I vibe coded a $20K/month mobile app in 14 days: Kind: captions Language: en I'm 23 years old and my apps do over a million dollars in sales a year. >> This is [music] Connor, a 23-year-old kid who cracked the code on building apps that actually make money. >> I built my latest app in less than 2 weeks, 100% with AI. >> To prove it, [music] he joined a hackathon of over 55,000 people, built an app from scratch, grew it to $20,000 a month, and won the entire thing. >> The apps that I build are designed to make money from day one. I asked Connor to come on to the channel to break down his entire playbook for building [music] money-making apps fast. And in this episode, we will dive into how he finds validated ideas that can make money from day one. Exactly how he vibe codes these apps quickly and his step-by-step playbook on how to grow them into money-making machines. Strap in because this is an episode you [music] cannot miss. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. All right, welcome Connor to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, uh, I'm Connor, and over the past few years, I've built a handful of mobile apps. These apps have done over a million in revenue now. I really only got into entrepreneurship roughly 3 years ago just by watching YouTube videos and staying optimistic on what I'm building. >> Okay, Connor, that's amazing. Can you share with me what types of apps that you've built? >> So, I've built a bunch of different apps. I've probably got around six apps now. My most recent app is called Payout and this is one that I just recently launched in the beginning of August and just scaled it up to doing 20,000 a month in revenue. The downloads is over 12,000 over,300 new subscriptions. [music] One cool thing is this is part of the Revenue Cat Chipoton competition. It's a hackathon that people can release new apps to the app store. This year it had over 55,000 entrance and it won first place for the build and grow award which has a total grand prize of $65,000 for the app that has the most growth over the two-month period. Before we get into the app and how you built it, uh, I got to understand a little bit more about your background. I know you're only 23 years old and this is pretty impressive what you've done. So, tell me how you get to this place where you even start building apps. >> So, before I started building apps, I was just, you know, any other kid playing too much video games, staying up late, no computer science background. One night in the middle of the night, I woke up and I just had a random app idea and I wrote down the whole app idea in my notes. You know, I'd never coded anything. The next morning I woke up and I just started watching YouTube videos and I didn't have a MacBook at the time and I really wanted to make an iOS app and I didn't really have any money so I started doing random tasks just like selling random items around my room and eventually like I got my hands on an old MacBook. I started building a social app called Hotspot Events. This app took me 6 to 8 months to build kind of failed. I really had no idea what I was doing. After that first app I quickly realized that apps that are social are super hard to scale. So I eventually moved on to utilities and tools and these are much more easy to scale as a oneman person. This was all about three years ago and since then I've scaled these apps to doing over a million in subscription revenue. >> Okay. I mean that's amazing. I love that you did this without having all the crazy tools or anything like that. So my next question for you is how do you build these apps? What is your playbook for building these apps? How do you think about building an app from scratch? >> Yeah, before I get into how I do things today, I think it's important that people know that you know you don't need all these fancy tools. I was just watching YouTube videos and going on Stack Overflow and now my process today is pretty straightforward. I have a very specific set of steps that I follow to make sure that the app I'm building has ability to convert, drive a lot of sales, also have really good user retention. My first step is that I'll go and download a whole bunch of apps, maybe 20 apps that are in the niche that I'm diving into, as well as other apps that I just think are beautiful apps that I want to draw inspiration from for their design perspective. The next thing I do is screenshot every single page in every single onboarding. And I take all these screenshots and I'll put them all on one big line in a Figma file so I can see all of the onboardings, every question they ask, every graph they have. and I'll pick out all the ones that I like and I'll grab some from one, some from another, and then I'll redesign them so all have my theme and my aesthetic that I want for my app. I think it's really important to have an extensive onboarding. Realistically, 90% of users will probably only ever see your onboarding if you have a paywalled section in your app. So, I think it's really important that you spend a lot of time on this, maybe even as much time as designing the actual functionality of the app. When it comes to the onboarding, these are the most important things that you want to do to make sure that your app converts successfully. The first one is you want to invoke emotion. You want to make sure that when the user is going through the onboarding, they feel [music] strongly about it. Most purchases are made emotionally and are not logical when it comes to consumers. You also want to make sure that you show the strongest incentives of your app, how it's going to improve your users's life. You want to make sure that they understand the benefits and that it's very simple for them to be able to make that purchase. It's also important to make sure that the app feels personalized. In today's day and age when there's so much competition, people want to make sure that what they're buying feels like it's meant for them specifically rather than just like a generally applicable app. Finally, you want to make sure that you have some sort of charts, graphs, something to make the app feel more scientific. People like to know that something that they're using has been proven to work, that other people have successfully used it. And by adding these charts and graphs, it'll make it so your app seems very legitimate. The next step is you're going to want to design your data structures. This is very important specifically for vibe coding. It's important to know what your data is going to look like, how it's shaped. Because when you feed the AI, such as cursor or claw, it'll make it much more simple for the AI to know what exactly you're trying to build so it doesn't have to make any guesses on what you're trying to make. I recommend making a text document with an explanation as well as some JSON data that explains what your data actually looks like and some information about each of the attributes that you're going to have for your data. By giving it this text document in advance, it allows me to code this thing very quickly. With this prep done, you can actually start to build the app. Usually, I'd start with building the core functionality of the app, skipping the onboarding and just going straight for the main features of the app. You can really just drop the screenshots into Claude or Cursor, whatever AI you're using. And because it's now able to read the images and understand what it's looking at, it'll actually be able to write the code for the full screen for you. When working with AI, it doesn't always get everything right on the first time. So, sometimes you need to just continue to work with it and eventually it'll get the details correct. I don't recommend being too picky because it's important to get a version out quickly rather than getting a perfect app out. As far as the tools that I use now, I honestly just use Claude. That's the only thing I'm using for AI coding and it does everything for me. >> It is absolutely insane that Connor was able to build and launch this app in just a few weeks. I hope that his story inspires a lot of people watching to get started and vibe code stuff as well. However, I need you to be careful. I see a lot of people get into vibe coding, try to oneshot something real quick, get lost, not be able to deploy, and then give up. Cuz here's the truth about building with AI. You need to know how to use these AI [music] tools effectively. What to build, how to ship fast, and how to build something that actually works. Well, this is exactly why we launched Starter Story Build, which is our program where you will learn how to launch your project using only AI coding tools and do it in just a couple weeks. Once you understand how to actually leverage these AI tools, you can build [music] a lot faster and save a whole lot of time. So, if you're ready to learn how to build apps the right way with AI. Well, head to the first link in the description to check out Starter Story Build. Our next cohort is starting this week, so definitely check out that link and save your spot. All right, let's get back to the video. The next question I have for you is around validation. You've built multiple apps that are really successful, and I know you've also built some stuff that wasn't successful as well. Looking back, how do you know if your app idea is validated and it's worth taking it the distance? >> So, the way I see it is there's two different types of apps. There's innovating new ideas and there's modifying versions of existing ideas. If you're creating a modified version of an existing app, then congrats, your app is already validated by other people. Now, all you have to do is make some modifications and make it so the app feels like it's your own. The other option is when you're making something brand new. What I'd usually do when I'm making something brand new is go look on Tik Tok, Instagram, see if anyone's talking about the problem that you're trying to solve. [music] You want to make sure that there's an easy path for you to market this app by looking at the comments and seeing like are people asking questions asking like how do I solve this problem? Then now with the current state of how fast you can build apps, I actually will skip the weightless steps and just go ahead and build the app. I really believe that any app can make thousands of dollars these days. Your idea doesn't have to be some crazy app that changes society to make a couple thousand dollars. There's hundreds of millions of people in the US alone. And if you can even capture a tiny grain [music] of sand out of that, then you can make more than enough to sustain yourself. >> I agree with that, too. There are so many apps out there that are crushing it that we don't even know about. It's pretty insane what's possible today. But as we know, building it is not enough. We have to focus on one very important thing, which is distribution. My next question for you is around marketing. What was your playbook to grow this app from 0 to $20,000 a month in 50 days? And what is your general playbook for marketing apps? For this app, there was a couple different tactics that I used to get the app off the ground. The first one was influencer campaigns. This is when you work with an influencer and have them promote the app or their already existing audience. If you can work with an influencer and get them to promote your product, people already have some degree of trust for that influencer, then they're more likely to listen to their recommendation. For this app, I partnered with a content creator that was already in the niche for the app I was building, and his videos were able to drive a bunch of traffic to the app, [music] like thousands of downloads. The goal is to create relatable, viral content about your app that comes off as natural and unprocessed. Once one of these videos starts to perform well, you can get more videos like that made with other creators so you can have people just repeat formats [music] that are working for you. One of the major benefits of running these UGC campaigns is that as these creators produce content, you're building out the library of ads that you can run in the future. And you already know relatively how good the performance will be on ads based on how well it did organically. And my goal is to always get my app to the point where I can run paid ads. It's the most consistent way to drive revenue growth to your app. Recently, the paid ads algorithm has changed. Facebook is trying to balance two things. They want to make sure that the advertisers are happy with their results while also keeping people on the platform by making sure the videos are entertaining. The more entertaining your video is, the cheaper it'll be to get your video put in front of people, but you also want to make sure that you're driving conversions. So, your ad has to also make sure that it pushes your product. So, it's important to find that balance between having a video that's very entertaining and also has the potential to convert. Thank you for sharing all those growth tactics. I think that might be the most important part. We haven't really talked too much about what your app actually does. Would you be able to show us a quick demo of your onboarding and how your app works? >> So, my app is called Payout. It's a class action lawsuit discovery app that lets people find class action lawsuits that they already are applicable for. And this is basically just a way for people to get some money from companies that have done something wrong. So, for the onboarding, I'll quickly run through it here. Asking for activity notifications. You can see the social proof. Here's the payw wall. This payw wall has been converting really well. You can see that I have a weekly and a yearly option here. And the goal is to prioritize users to get the yearly option since it has the highest lifetime value per customer. Here's the main feature of the app. It's a list of class action lawsuits that you can check and see if you're applicable for. For example, this one is the NBA Top Shot app. They had a privacy settlement over the Metapixel being on their website. You can see the description requirements of who's applicable for this lawsuit. You can press the get started button and fill form. And this will take you to a form that you can fill out, put all of your information in, and have everything ready to go to mail this in and claim your class action settlement. And you can see the app will prepare the PDF ready for you to mail in. There's also the wallet tab where you can keep track of all the class action lawsuits that you're applying for and your forms tab where you can see all the forms that you've already filled out. >> Okay. I mean, that's a really cool idea for an app. I think anybody watching this right now probably wants to go on there and check and see if they're owed any money from these class action lawsuits. What is it about this app that really makes it work? Why do you think it did 0 to 20k a month so fast? >> I think the value proposition for this app is just very obvious. There's some core things that all people want. They want to be healthier. They want to make more money. They want to look attractive. All sorts of things like this. I like to make apps that tap into these core human desires. And I think that anybody that wants to build apps should be doing the same. And this one plays into people want to make more money. So, it's very easy for people to invest money into an app that they know will make them more money. >> Okay. Okay, I want to change topics a little bit and understand how you built this app. What tech stack do you use and what tools do you use to run this business? >> I use Figma for UI design, app store screenshots, and making the app icon. I use Mixpanel for analytics. I use Claude Code for vibe coding. For the more technical stuff, I'll use Nex.js and TypeScript for my website and backend. I use Versell for hosting. I use GitHub for version control as well as making it easier to host. I use Expo for crossplatform build management. And I use Revenue Cap for subscription analytics and pricing testing. >> Okay, cool. Thanks for sharing. That's a pretty simple stack you got there. I like that. The last question that I have for you that I ask everyone who comes on to Starter Story. What advice would you have for anyone watching this that wants to build apps like you? You've built a bunch of successful stuff. You built some failed things. What would be your number one piece of advice on getting started today? >> My number one piece of advice would be to build something simple with a great onboarding. A simple app can make lots of money. You only really need one to three good features and your onboarding will pull most of the weight for you. >> All right. Well, that's great advice. Thank you, Connor, for coming on. I love what you built. Amazing stuff you shared here. Thanks for coming on and sharing everything. >> Yeah, thanks for having me. >> All right. I want to thank Connor for coming on to the channel. I hope this video finally gives you the proof that you can build apps in a matter of weeks that grow really, really fast. This video was the playbook here on how to do it. And we're showing you the real actual app that he did it with. If you're ready to launch your app, then definitely check out Starter Story [music] Build. We will help take your idea, turn it into a real app, get it in front of real people using only AI tools. If you're ready to get off the sidelines and launch, head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. I promise you won't regret it. All right, that's it for this episode. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @angshurpitaganguly833 [1 likes]: Connor’s workflow is solid—especially structuring data before prompting. One thing I’ve noticed working with AI-heavy builds is how fast things break under edge cases when validation isn’t tight.
  2. @jeffhammerforteimpact: Great to see your growth—the value you provide is undeniable.
  3. @Arrowheadent: These comments hurt my head lol. All of this information was solid
  4. @Brickkzz: bro is an android
  5. @1whomakes: App is now making 70k per month
  6. @naturallydifferentbeats: Hmmm ..I smell bull 💩. This slop is really getting out of hand.
  7. @guitarchitectural: Did this dude prompt Claude for his answers and then read them off? 😂😂😂
  8. @QdotOled: Ai video
  9. @lostmeme9862: vibe coding is an amazing tool that lets you cut out expensive good for nothing developers with useless CS degrees.
  10. @Subcide: I too am a 1 man person.
  11. @ryanedwards8549: Dude he’s interviewing is obviously AI! 😅
  12. @jordankendall86: I am guessing he is using react native for the app.
  13. @QuestionMartin: This guy downloads a bunch of apps, steals a bunch of ideas, uses AI to create an app of his liking using other people’s ideas.
  14. @filiphannel7326: I look at the app in the google app store and it has multiple 1-2 star reviews recently. OOF.
  15. @KousGG: who here trynna leave the trenches and continue building in app with me 
reply back
  16. @TheUltimateGeminiHasSurvived: What a BUNCH of balogne. This guy didn't do shit.... lthe only career achievement he has is that peaked early and worked at YikYak and now he can't get a real job again.
  17. @seansean7653: Rubish
  18. @silverslayer1321: Naww bro, didn’t even bother to show up for the interview. Just used one of his bots. Bro said I do not have time for all that I’m on a yacht sipping a margarita in Maui
  19. @Detonat0r: bs bs bs
  20. @Shadowmaster4580-ri6nt: He’s ai bro

- ULTIMATE GUIDE to $5K per month as Indie App Developer: Kind: captions Language: en this is Ultimate gu to get from zero to 5K in up store sales so put your phone aside and pay attention this is the most important video you are watching this month and yeah there is the road map in the description click the link get it for free and follow along welcome to parttime in the app launching system on a day job we are spending eight plus hours building someone else dreams but it is much more nicer to build your own products and earn money from that this system is about that process so who am I to talk about that so my last corporate job was head of products in software company and I was responsible for three countries lattia Estonia Lithuania I left corporate career back in 2016 because I wanted to build my own products and I was very passionate about Apple ecosystem I wanted to build iOS Subs so on side from my mind job I learn at iOS development started freelancing on a side and currently I am full-time freelancer and part part time in the app development currently I have five active apps in the App Store few more removed few more abandoned but five applications are in the App Store and those are generating about 4 to 5,000 in sales monthly so that is data from April 2023 and Al those sales are organic I didn't spend any money on marketing yet yeah and this number is before Apple removed their part and before taxes so after Apple Cuts 15% we see that it is about 3.5k um earned in months of April and of course I have to pay taxes from this money as well so why do we need Frameworks or systems to build in the applications I like the quote from the atomic habits you do not rise to your goals you fall to level of your systems so good systems and good habits helps to reach our goals and I like this example level Silo probably you follow him on Twitter if not you should he created more than 70 projects and basically 95% of them failed so systems don't guarantee results there is no guarantee that you will be successful if you will follow system but systems help to improve your workflows and systems multiply your chance to succeed with every next app with every next startup your chances to become lucky getting bigger another quote from Benjamin Franklin if you fail to plan you plan to fail so without plan without systems you most likely fail but if you are planning your chances are way more higher probably you already familiar with my notion template if not take a look on it download it duplicate and use it plan for this 30 days development Sprint is as following one day for capturing AA two days to research and validate AA building MVP intent 10 days launching in the up store 2 days growing 5 days and monetization another kind of 10 days and that's 30-day cycle and by day I mean part-time day it's uh in average let's say 3 hours at least 1 hour if you are lucky and you can set 4 hours for work amazing but at least 1 hour in a day and what is not this course or this framework this is not get rich quick scheme in this course I would like to show How I build how I work on my indd apps and basically brind up my three years experience on building Indie applications and yeah this course is planed to be quick affordable here we are just going straight to the point to cover as much information as possible Indie development is long time game if you are looking to earn for example 10,000 in a month quick the fastest way to do that is to get job as a programmer and just work as programmer as you may see from my chart I earned few 10 20 30 whatever dollars in a month then it slowly get to hundreds and then to the thousands and that's all about ups and downs as you may see in Peak it was 5,000 plus dollars and here is falling but that Peak is okay that's January everyone is kind of jumping on uh spending and U buying fitness apps in January whatever yeah my point here is do not expect to see huge Revenue first but luckily for you you don't need to go through all mistakes on your own I will share all my insights for you so you should be able to get to this High Peaks quicker okay let's talk about capturing ideas the luck of ideas is the biggest excuse I hear that quite often most my applications I build for myself and if you are looking for appas that's what I will recommend to you as well build applications for yourself so we will talk about App Store optimization paywalls later but for ideas yeah think about what apps you would like to use sure you can look around to find groups of of potential customers to solve their problems Facebook user groups subreddits whatever will work but you should identify a problem that you are kind of going to solve and if you can work on solution for your and if you can work on solution for your own problems that is perfect because you already know all the pain points and what problem are you going to solve I like the saying that we don't need more products we need better solution for existing problems if you see that problem which is already at least partly solved but doesn't work perfectly for you probably that is your chance that is the reason why there are so many to do applications because everyone like to see their own version of that and would like to use them differently and if you have application which you are using but you don't really like it and you would like to change something that is good point for starting so again we will go deeper on this development shipping and iteration process but basically you create the application ship it see if that's works and if it is not working that's fine do not expect that you will be lucky and will make a lot of Reven men from your very first application if you can earn few hundreds in a month that's great and yeah keep going okay let's take a look on idea capturing you have this template available as well but I don't know that's is very simple I'm just using that's my example what I am using and I'm writing down ideas when I how them and then I iterate on few of them and few of them is just staying as a concept that's what I'm am suggesting to you as well if you don't have idea for the application yet try to keep up with one up a every day and try to do that for a month and at the end of the month you will have 30 upas in your backlog and the pick one which looks much promising for you and validate this Ida do research all that stuff again we will talk about those steps later try to get your brain into the thinking about aidas let's take a look how this looks so start up here it is hashtags for example yeah just hashtag generated and save it l basically that Zid day probably I have to drop it I I will not make another hashtag kind of creating and saving application let's move it to the drop edas but I don't know for example free diving computer project that's upid basically there is description of the application and then I started to work on that project basically I did some research writing down requirements for MVP all that stuff that could be just note like this one for example fasting timer up with better notifications that's it have some running list with application ideas and then you will always will be able to come back and pick one idea on which you would like to work and then you will have to pick one idea and research and validate this idea that's brings us to the step two basically we are trying to validate oura and choose which one you would like to build research and validation part is very important because many f Founders will start with producted data and then looking for audience to sell that is not great approach because those Founders often files because there is not enough customers for example for this product or product is not good enough for Market or maybe project is just too expensive for example backend expenses and some in implemented feature expenses costs more than you can make from this project you definitely should and would like to validate your product to days and basically how you are doing doing that specify what is the problem not not what cool tou you would like to play around but what is the problem you're solving then check if it is possible to build product quickly in my case if I see that yes I can build project but that will take three or more months I'm just not doing that because I don't have so much time to invest in the project analyze similar projects in the market maybe there are already product basically which you would like to build and yeah if you see that yeah there are similar products again you can take a look what will be your differential what why your product will be better why audience will buy your product identify your target audience who will be users and if there are users potential users you can try to kind of get in touch with them and talk with them right approach is first to go for audience then identify what problems audience has and only then build product and solution for this audience and narrow down is I can't stress enough how important is that for multiple reason one big reason is Big players are not interested in small niches so most likely you will be safe in that small Niche with your small IND the application and another reason those small niches usually don't have good enough product because big players are not interested and their only help are Indie developers who are ready to build smaller projects and don't need huge Revenue to to keep it profitable so narrowed down your Niche for example I would say if you're building Fitness application for example Fitness timer go for some specific Fitness Niche for example CrossFit which again is quite big but then maybe CrossFit enthusiasts who are training at home go multiple levels down and solve problems for those specific users but of course at least in theory it is possible that Niche is too small to make profitable product yeah that's problem you need Niche big enough to be able to support your product and maybe few more competitors because competitors will be around so sooner or later in that case just again make this Niche wider then take a look for example on my free diving application it is not only for free divers it could use also for those who are snorking enthusiasts and then also for Surfers and all that stuff so there are options to make this Niche wi there as well and yeah let's take a look on how I took a look on that free diving computer for example I wrote that appid and purpose is free diving computer for spear fishing snorkeling and free diving enthusiasts that was my product there basically what I researched currently there are few ups in the market most of them are paid up front so this one paid up front application another one paid up front application another one is oranic application which is good one and it has snorkeling functionality in it available for free but their main focus is scuba divers so that's a little bit different Niche and I could create product which is focused on on free divers in my case it looks like yeah that's interesting product what I would like to use I am free diver and snorkeller as well so I already know what I would like to see on this in this application and I can Define MVP details what I would like to see as MVP for this application now we have producted there we did our research and we are ready to build MVP always always write down minimal minimum product requirements even if you are just one person in the project and just to keep in mind what you decided to start because quite often you know you like to add more and more features and you never are ready to launch Keep MVP super small and do not over complicate your product keep in mind that your product never will be finished you will always work on fixes and new features and so on so this very first in verion minimum viable product should be minimum should have core functionality of the app included of course you should solve this one core problem that you have try to ship as quick as possible so you would like to release early and release often so to Pivot your project to get feedback from users as soon as possible and to work on improvements monetization is very questionable it can be included but if that takes a lot of time for you and you are implementing monetization first time leave that for later request for Ratings I will say is very easy to implement in my applications and I will say that yes go for it Implement request for ratings and you would like to have some form of collection users feedback that could be just button in settings to send email with feedback and whatever you but basically you would like to get feedback from customers if they have something to say you should make it easy to send feedback to you so let's take a look on MVP requirement example for my freedom in computer application that was application for Apple watch Ultra users and I wanted just to show on screen current depth under the water water temperature ha rate oxygen level under the question yeah maximum deep maybe save somewhere and record training data into Apple health and this functionality about storing data in memory I already wrote no down perhaps that's verion two and also which is important to write what is out of the scope of MVP just to clarify for yourself what you agreed with yourself so iPhone up later fancy charts for reports later monetization later I planed to put behind payall access to more advanced kind of reporting all that stuff core functionality for the app was something that I could build in few hours what is the history of this project so did I build it and what what else not I actually built in this live stream started to build this application and I got to the working prototype here I got my screen I got my hair trate on the uh screen I got my swimming distance but I wasn't able to get access to the depth data and when I dig it into the documentation I found that yeah here it is document documentation to access submersion date but I found that you have to ask Apple to provide access to this app to be able to implement to read that data from Apple watch Ultra of course I asked it for access to it but I didn't he back from them yet so this project is on hold currently and that is one more point which proves that you have to develop that mvp quickly because if I would spend time on app design and maybe Landing page and maybe hire designer to make fancy designs for the Apple watch and iPhone app and all that stuff I would waste a lot of time just to find that I'm not able to develop this application so build quickly fail quickly move to the next project yeah also I was thinking about buying Apple watch Ultra just to be able to test and build this application so saved a bit of money as well by building this uh MVP quick and if you can build your application based on some tutorial that you are learning maybe on some course when you are where you are learning iOS development or apple documentation yeah go for it in that live stream I just took chunks of from this um example from Apple build a workout app for Apple watch basically I used that as template and I added features that I wanted and how long the live stream was 2 and a half hours with all the chats and all the talking and I got my test application and I realized that yeah I'm on dead end and I can can't keep moving with this project but if I would get this application working I would see my water temperature and depth under the water here on screen as well then next step would be design and for design I have one thing to say keep it simple and still like an artist you probably heard that saying that 18% of the work can be done in 20% of the time and last 20% of the work will take 80% of the time that is real thing in software development keep that in mind and start with bare minimum make it working first do not focus on design or nice to have features just core functionality make it working release it as a beta ship it in the test flight getting hands on the users to get users feedback as quick as possible possible user interface should be simple to lead customers to core functionality nothing fancy if your up user interface is challenging probably you have too many features in the app already if you have design background congrats but most of developers are not good designers so just Ste design itas still from Apple take a look on Apple applications how Apple implements lists buttons all that stuff of course read Apple human guidelines how to create user interfaces take a look on that but besides that I will suggest to take a look on mobin you can do the same just in app store you can just open application in app store download it click throws it and all that stuff but in mobin you can search for screens and functionality for example here checkouts and stuff or settings this service was free to use before but no it's they are asking for money I'm not using I'm not paying for it but not bad place to take a look on that another one is dribble again here you can search for iOS or Android whatever you build iOS settings and here you have the results be careful with dribble because on dribble those are mostly designers and sometimes those designs are very fancy and hard or almost impossible to implement do not over complicate your designs take a look on those designs copy that you like avoid things that you don't like and modify those designs that you steal to make your own and inspiration that's fine everyone doing that Designer is doing that as well let's take a look on practical example here is that is figma Project I'm using figma I'm using sketch like both of them sketch was all their application figma is available for free so go and use that here is the example I built notification screen in my uh application and I just found similar screens in another app and as you may see I it's quite close copy from that I saw in another application so do not try to over complicate big part of those design examples looks good because they have plenty of pictures this is my another application planking application also I just using pictures in this application and that makes this user interface to look better there are plenty of resources where find free images or just color pets for your applications I will link few of them below and check those out but yeah do not try to make complicated designs if you are not Designer start with some something simple let me show how my free diving application was looking like this was my kind of initial idea for free diving application that is version two of the application and current version already looks quite different so yeah this was initial kind of screens for My fasting application and uh that is how my fasting application looks like now on this application I got a help from my friend designer so that's not my design I got help here but again start with something simple do not over complicate that if you have already someone who is interested in your application invent them to participate in the test flight but eventually you will launch in the app store right let's talk about App Store optimization because that is is important so in up store we have few things we have keywords we have screenshots we have up description and we have up name and icon so how to find keywords to optimize one way how you can do that take a look on your competitors and try to optimize on similar keywords but not on exactly the same keywords and read Compu reviews to see what users are saying what they are talking about and you can add more keywords in the application by adding localizations let's talk about all of that so keywords are important they are located in title subtitle and in keyword section of the application let's go and take a look on those so we have up information for up in up information we have up name free diving up net training and subtitle brace holding work code program all of those are keywords and they are used to rank your application in the up store search also you have keywords here snorkeling surfing diving scubba spear fishing and so on and so on basically another keyword set how those are ranked first importantance is up name then subtitle and then only keywords and you don't need to try to make kind of uh P keywords for example free diing trer Apple will made those PES of the keywords toward three word keywords on their own you don't need to do anything with that what do I mean by adding more keywords by localizations so here I have different languages as well you can add localization without adding localization for your application for French I have a few french keywords up there something else either basically little bit different keywords like I have in the English also Russian Lo localization free diving in kilit and also you can use different app names and different subtitles for different app stores for example I have free diving and PR so German also I have different up name and so on and so on so basically you can try to use different keywords in different markets so basically you have to put most important keyword in front of your application in up name and less important keywords are going to the subtitle and third category is going to the keywords uh section those are less important keywords okay and let's talk about some mistakes keyword duplication you don't need to duplicate keywords if you have free diving in the app name you don't need it in in in subtittle and you don't need it in keywords also mistake is trusting to instincts so probably you think some keyword Co work good for your application but you should not trust your instinct you should research keywords and what exactly works and using clean up name that's also is a kind of mistake if will make task tracking application or habit tracking application and we'll name it uh Abra Kadabra that's big mistake you are just losing chance to get in uh front of your users yes if you have very strong brand recognition like I don't know Facebook Instagram and so on and so on then yeah of course that will work if someone is searching Instagram in the App Store and your app name is Instagram yes you will be first uh result in the search but if you are making V tracking application and we'll name it V Instagram that's not good idea and to find and track you how to use some keyword tracking tools more about on that later but on beginning you can just use for example app figures and you can I don't know let's say habit tracker and take a look popularity for this W so it's medium popularity but competitive is very high 79 so plenty of applications who are trying to rank on keyword habit tracker so very small chance to get there if you will go for example for Atomic habits popularity 25 still quite competitive so plenty of applications trying to get this keyboard it's not easy do not spend too much time on that but definitely try to find good keywords for your application up description yeah of course we have up description as well but up description is not used for up store optimization write whatever you want to see there whatever fits well and yeah set it and forget it up icon it's important but screenshots are more important for up icon if you can make Icon by yourself congrats go for it do that this application icon for example I did by myself also you can hire freelancer I hired freelancer to make app icon for My fasting tracking application it's not so expensive I use it Fiverr and I spent I don't remember less than1 not more than1 to get set of up icons that up icon number five that is my just what I made during the test flight so but those four icons were made by Freelancers on the Fiverr but also Al you can ask robots to make it so this app icon is made by mid joury screenshots are super important do not be lazy with screenshots uh text on screenshots definitely helps user to understand what application can do for example in my case I have here Atomic habit application I'm I have basically track your habit on home screen my main features of that is this widget so that's what I kind of adding in screenshots here another option habits based on your goals also kind of describes that's not mine application just another competitor so description what exactly application is doing so you would like to use the same kind of keywords what you are using for App Store search optimization in screenshots as well I don't know if that is Fitness timer so probably you would like to display it that in screenshots and maybe you would like to have some text in screenshots as well and do not hope that users will try to gu what your application is doing from screen shot if that will be hard to understand what application exactly is doing and if those screenshots will not look nice user will just scroll to the next application rating of course is important if you have five star application cool great congrats but amount of ratings actually for up store optimization is more important than number what you have is it one star application or five star application um App Store algorithm looks on the rating amount because if there are plenty of ratings for the application that means that this application is important for users they care about it and yeah negative price in this case is positive as well for search optimization of course if application will have two star rating in the App Store users may not click on the application reviews doesn't really matter because very few users are reading those reviews or up store descriptions usually that is just up icon up name and screenshots and then users decide to download application or scroll to the next one and for uper optimization it is very important to get those ratings quickly okay let's talk about that growing those maybe will be sad news for developers but up store optimization is not set and forget that is endless game and we have to tune this app store optimization all the time you have to monitor keywords you have to update keywords and you have to take look what works what not because that's how we are getting application in front of your users and even if you have endless money and you can throw this money to the ads if screenshots are bad if app icon is bad it if Apple name doesn't click for users users will not download this application and will not use it packaging is very important basically the same like with YouTube videos that YouTube video can be amazing but if title and thumbnail is bad no one will click on that the same with applications you have to have good package for your product and yeah real game with keywords and keyword optimization starts after up is release it because only after that you will see your rankings for specific keywords I'm using app named Astro for example let's take a look on my free diving application here you can see all the keywords where my application is rank at this one is rank 53 name surf popularity difficulty very hard keyword not very popular on my important keywords free diving hold breath snorkel up now basically I'm ranking quite high so that's why I have good results for habit tracking application I'm ranking currently that's relatively new application but currently I'm ranking only on Atomic habits I decided to try to run on this keyword it's not very popular medium difficulty and I hoped that someone maybe is searching for Atomic habits so I added that Atomic habits in my app name So currently this application is named Atomic daily habit tracker so you can name your you can change these updates you can change your app name as well and that will uh help to rank on specific keywords and growing on the App Store is all about marketing so I can real life story my friend I I both develop habit tracking applications and released those in about the same time he released few days before New Year I released few days after New Year and at the end of the January we compared our results I had 484 downloads for my application he had six downloads for his application and our app functionality was about the same and um I can't say my up store optimization was better my description keywords everything was generated by chat GPT I didn't do any keyword research and screenshots was also kind of very kind of generous nothing fancy all those downloads came from the marketing what kind of marketing the I did basically I just made this building public thing I shed my progress I was talking about my application in my on my Instagram on my YouTube on Twitter basically that was building on public following so building in public is one of the best ways to do marketing for your application and it is relatively easy and free way to do that you just Char your progress show screens that you are building talk about functionality that you are creating and all that stuff yeah there is a fear that someone will come and steal your ideas but believe me there are so many ideas around and while you are still building there is even no validation that that makes sense to steal it yes if you are working on some know how some fancy technology and so on that's different but if you are building another to-do application or another habit tracking application sorry who cares no of course that makes sense to share the information about your product where your audience is if you are building project for another geks then that is madon blue sky all those places for geks if you are building product for business then probably that is better to share on LinkedIn If You're Building Product for you young moms or book readers then again go to the some subreddits or Facebook groups and share your story what you are doing there currently when everyone is kind of moving around to muston and uh blue sky but still on Twitter there are big part of buildin public Community just search for ash buildin public and you will see plenty of Indie developers sharing their progress It's I highly recommend to join that Community start following other Indie developers and just keeping touch because all of us have the same problems that kind of helps to share wins and fails and learn from each other but uh do not forget that probably other in the developers are not your target audience for example for my habit tracking application that is kind of widely used application that makes sense to share it on the Twitter or on all the social networks where I am my free diving application that is very Niche product and I think less than 1% of my following are free divers and that doesn't make big sense to share all the time about free diving application on my social networks so share your progress where your audience is of course there are plenty of other marketing options you can buy ads you can create product landing pages which is not expensive and I recommend to do that why not you can can build press kit and try to send it to the press to get some press coverage for your product you may get lucky but if your application is kind of bare MVP maybe late for later with that buying ads to get in front of your potential users is very expensive and IND the developers often have zero budget so building in public is zero budget marketing so collect feedback from your early adopters and go into the bug fix and release cycle on feature requests do not rush with implementing them collect them of course put them in the backlog but do not follow each and every suggestion and request what you are getting from the users because not always those are great ideas that was it on growing growing is ongoing process you should keep that going but for initial part we are done with that let's go to the next step monetization of course if that is just hobby project or your portfolio item you can publish this application in the App Store and keep it there for free but usually we have to ask money for applications because otherwise you you always have to prioritize time what you will do you will go to sleep you will go for walk you will spend time with your family or you will work on your side project and if there is no monetization in this project at one moment uh that will be hard to justify to keep investing time in it okay let's tell quickly how to make make money with UPS there are few don'ts what I do not recommend for Indie developers up as a service for example like Uber or Netflix whatever basically they are monetizing this those applications outside from the App Store and up is just service for customer so unlikely you would like to build something like that for a long period of time paid upfront applications paid to download was way to go there are few applications in the app store which are paid up front from ation that I am using and I paid I could name uh the the things task tracking application for example but sooner or later they will switch to the subscription model so do not do paid upfront applications you can Implement affiliate links in the applications for example in my habit tracking application I have this link to the book that opens Amazon and I'm getting small percentage for each and every purchase after you're opening Amazon from this link ads in the application yeah another way to make money there are plenty of AD Services I use it only Google ad mob ads because I think those are kind of less shedy because I don't know there are plenty of AD networks which I do not trust Google at least has reputation to L so I use it that but for ads and for affiliate links you need huge application to make any money with a few thousands of uh active users you will make little bit of money but nothing crazy and then we are going to the Ina purchases so you can Implement different types of in purchases for example one time in a purchase to unlock some premium features or remove ads or add something else there are two ways of in a purchases non-consumable in a purchases when you buy it once and then using kind of forever that's usually are us it for pay on for appli for Lifetime subscriptions all that stuff that is one time in a purchase when you buy premium features and using them forever but also there are consumable in a purchases where you can buy them how much you like those are usually some game games in the games in Game Money Al that stuff you know you are kind of buying it one more time and I use it that once for tip jar I implemented in the application tip jar when users can go and kind of add more sales uh why to do that that is just wait for your bigger funds to give a chance to give you more money for example they already bought premium feature but they would like to add a tip add more money to you than those tip jar fors but very small percentage of users will use it so do not think about that even on beginning and subscriptions subscriptions that is what you would like to implement um I have subscriptions in all my apps currently if you think that users don't like subscriptions most of users do not care it is already normal to have subscriptions and subscription in my opinion is a right way to go because as developer you are interested to keep user as long as possible in the application for many years to keep the subscription going if it is one time purchase once you get the money from the customer actually you don't care anymore how happy or not happy it is yeah of course you will get one star or five star ratings all that stuff but uh generally you already got all the money from the customer you will not get any money from it therefore onetime purchases are not good for developers and for customers as well because as a customer if I'm keep if I keep paying for the application I know the developer will be around for at least next year or and next year and next year you know I'm paying for next year of the service and I have plenty of subscriptions on my phone and I'm fine with that and plenty of customers are if you think that subscriptions are evil that's your personal opinion you can stay with it but just know that most most of the App Store users are fine with subscriptions if you didn't Implement monetization in the MVP then it is time to build a paywall and behind paywall you have to keep some premium features and you will know what are premium features what your customers would like to see when you will get that feedback from test flight users and also you will get information for early adopters and that's completely fine to release application on beginning for the free and you can try early users and keep the application for free for them forever but you can put behind pay well some features for new and upcoming users that's fine you can track early adapters relatively easy you can just add date into the user profile when this user First Time created account and start to ask for money after some specific date like that or up version basically there are plenty of ways how to do that if your first customer staying for free product of course that's nice that they keeping it using but you don't know if product is valuable enough to keep them also when when you will ask for money so add this payall as soon as you practically can because then you will validate this value for the product our customers already to pay for it is there a business is there enough money for you to keep this product running and the same like with App Store optimization monetization also is not set once and forget you have to do experiments with SP you have to do experiments with prices and keep in mind that more features doesn't mean more money more often changes in your onboarding flow changes in your payment flow changes in your pay walls will make more Revenue than adding more features so you have to do experiments and you have to monitor analytics to see how many of the customers seeing pay well how many of them are clicking on payall and buying to understand what is your conversion rate from free to paid customer in this screenshot from the Tweet you can see how I changed paywall added new paywall and my subscriptions skyrocketed and there is video about that uh you can take a look on that video in details I will not spend more time talking about that but check out that video basically adding new pay well doubled my sales and maintenance that is our last seventh step and again that is another endless step maintenance is ongoing process passive revenue is a lie if you if you're thinking that you build this application once release it in the App Store and this money will keep rolling that is not true the revenue from the apps are kind of semi- passive yeah you can build application you can do nothing for this application for a while and new subscriptions new customers will keep coming in but you have to do upore optimization you have to take a look on bug reports you have to look on upcoming feature request you also have to look in case of Apple you have to look on new iOS support you have to look on new device support all that stuff is ongoing job and maintenance but as Indie developer you have freedom to choose what you will do next and you can work on marketing you can work on new features that's our choice and that is beauty of this work now you know all the basics that are needed to get your started and get to the first paying customers sure you will need to dive deeper in many topics like up store search optimization marketing and so on to get to those 5K in Revenue but you have a start you will need a few years grinding to get to the 5K as I did or you can get a quick start help from me if you are looking for oneone help I can offer that there is Link in description so click on that if you would like to get to your success faster okay see you there if you're coming bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @AivarsMeijers [5 likes]: Get your Free Roadmap here: https://aivars-meijers.ck.page/2889de57ef
Get results even faster here: https://aivarsmeijers.com/accelerator
  2. @Bad4Good2 [2 likes]: Incredibly underrated channel. You deserve more subs.
  3. @MichalFornalczyk-c6i [1 likes]: You come across as a trustworthy and honest guy. Subscribed.
  4. @tudoriustin22 [1 likes]: Been working as an iOS Engineer at Apple for the past 2 months and I have 4+ years experience in iOS Dev, you just made me want to start my solopreneur journey...just subbed, great content man. I'll go watch your other videos now haha
  5. @ricardoruiz2800: For keywords localised, do you need the app also localised for that language? or just the app store page? Thanks
  6. @ARIZONAMUSIC: Thank you lots! So useful with real world examples.
  7. @ViktorOddy: ❤
  8. @Technigator: There's still a need for some amount of capital right? Especially the backend server costs that runs 24/7. You'll also need many skill sets especially in securing your app and server?
  9. @robertval2083: Thank you very much ❤
  10. @erik9817: Noticed that you mentioned paying your paywall, if you want to use your own app. What is the point of that? Is there a way to use your own app for free?
  11. @kamranabbasov6408: I am using cursorAI to build apps. I have very limited swift knowledge. But it makes my requests good so far. Do you think if I have right idea it may be successful or somewhere along the way I must learn swift myself?
  12. @caneiro: Why is so hard to enroll in Apple Developer Program.. trying for months...
  13. @lyon8539: You are self thaught?
  14. @Vamo_Allaaa: Hello, what’s an indie app? 
Thanks
  15. @dumbcomputer01: "Put your phone aside"  I am watching on my phone 😢
  16. @lucascavalcante81: This video is gold for everyone looking to understand how to build and launch an app! I got a lot of references and tools to deep dive into them. Thank you so much Aivars for those amazing lessons. 🚀
  17. @kristof47-t8u: About your scuba diving app, I think it's a good idea but I don't know if you did research about the hardware capabilities ? will the apple watch support such high pressure under water ?
  18. @Y2L1029: Thank you 🙏🏻
  19. @ninanordbo: tried to dload roadmap - but it never dloaded. when i try using a different mail its not possible due to IP lock.
  20. @ElBitcoinero: nice content thank you! if you are doing marketing how would you do it?

- App Store Optimization: The Proven ASO Framework for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Coming up, I'm going to break down how to actually make ASO work for you in 2026. Stay tuned. What is up app nation? It is Steve Pang, founder of appmasters.com, and today I'm going to break down what's actually working when it comes to getting organic downloads from the app stores in 2026. So, without further ado, let's get started. All right, here it is. ASO. And for those who are not familiar to ASO, it is just SEO for the app stores. It's to drive organic downloads for your app. It's one of the best channels that I've used ever since I've been in the app stores since literally almost the birth of the app store. been in the app space since 2010 and it's been a tremendous lever for growth but getting super hard today with vibe coding and the amount of new apps launching every single day every single month it's getting a lot harder and a lot more crowded to really make ASO work for a lot of newer apps now for established apps a lot easier especially if you have a paid marketing channel but for those newer apps and those indie developers out there, I would say ASO still kind of works and I'm going to break down what you should be focusing in on as of today. All right, let's get started. So, for those who aren't familiar with the factors, here they are. Here are the most important. I've kind of laid it out this way. The most important is going to be the metadata, right? Your keywords, the what's in your title, what's in your subtitle, what's in your keywords field. For iOS, for Google Play, it's title, short description, and description. So that's still extremely important. It's probably most important in my opinion. And download volume. So this is why more established apps with paid user acquisition, paid marketing or social media presence will have that download volume. That actually helps with your organic rankings. And then obviously user ratings and reviews. Those are important, but I would probably put that in the mostly important as of today. The more ratings you get, the more likely people are to download. So hopefully that helps out your paid ad channels and then that helps out your meta metadata, right? So here are the mostly important rates and these are things that I kind of look at but I don't think they make a huge difference. They're important but like you know it's not what I would solely rely on is what I would say. So the conversion rate I know a lot of people ask me about this impression of downloads. This is shown within app store connect. I don't actually pay attention to that number just because I have no idea what impressions mean. Right? That's primarily it. But I do look at the product page view to download. So it is important to test out your screenshots to hopefully increase that conversion rate. Your sales, this is a factor. So it's mostly important as well. But I've seen other apps that don't rank as well in ASO, but obviously make more than their counterparts that do rank well in ASO. And then obviously retention engagement and that's extremely important for Google who takes that into account. iOS we're starting to see signals I mean we've been saying this for a few years now that they're starting to pay attention to retention engagement. So I think it's going to be a big priority for iOS moving forward. All right here are the lease updates and these are things that people talk about. App updates important but not super important. seen apps that like literally hasn't been updated for like years that rank really well for certain keywords. It's annoying. App installs, something to pay attention to, but nothing to like really put a lot of efforts in. And then back links and external traffic. I know this is important on Google Play and even on iOS sometimes, but not hugely important. Backlinks important for more of the website. So, if you're trying to use SEO to drive downloads for your app, which a few of our clients do pretty well on, that's important. But in terms of just ranking well within the app stores themselves, not as important. Now, this is for those who are just starting ASO. A lot of you advanced people already know this trick, but the US app store on iOS indexes nine different localizations, including Spanish Mexico, which we've used for years at this point. It expanded to Vietnamese, Russian, Portuguese, and all that stuff. So, you can take a screenshot here and Apple has this. If you just Google it, you'll find all the different countries and the corresponding other countries that it supports. I think UK has other countries as well. And then Canada has Canada English, Canada French. So, a lot of different overlap when it comes to localization. Now, what that means is you can have English titles, English subtitles, English keywords in your Spanish Mexico localization or your Vietnamese localization and that will help your organic rankings and keyword rankings for the US. That's essentially what it means. All right, here's an example of one of our apps. You can see I have this is our US localization. Here's our Spanish Mexico localization. And I'm using English in both. And I'm trying to balance the the keywords that I'm trying to go after. And so that's an example of how you can leverage this other localization tactic. All right. Okay. Here's the most important part. If you're new to ASO, you got to find the right keyword. And what does that mean? Here are some examples. So this is one of our clients and they're number one for certain keywords. And these are the traffic scores, right? And here's how the app does. Gets about 150 downloads a day. Now, on launch, we were able to find these two keywords, get it to number one very, very quickly. And this was in 2023, okay? So, a few years ago, but we were able to drive 150 downloads organically. If you don't believe me, here it is. This is app store search. So, download by source type. You can see apps source search. So, a lot of it all through organic and sales right from the jump. Now, this is very rare and it's very hard to do, especially if you're just relying on ASO from day one. So, I'm extremely proud of this, but we were able to generate $1,600 in sales in the first 22 days just finding the right keywords. And these were keywords that a lot of people were ignoring. So, $1,600 in sales in 2 in the first 22 days of launch for absolutely free because we were able to find the right keywords and knowing what we know get that app to be number one for those particular two keywords. And here's another example. This is an app of ours that we've sold, but the app was doing nothing for the longest time. For years, mind you, for years. Okay, it was launched in like 2022 probably, but for years it was pretty much doing nothing in terms of sales. one keyword change and we change the app title to because we found these two keywords. Change the app title and these two keywords have traffic. Change the app title and we're able to get to number one for those two keywords and finally start making money and we since exited that app. Now, you're probably asking, "All right, Steve, what keyword should I pick? I mean, there's a whole lot of keywords." So, here's the way I would do this. I would try to find relevant keywords, okay, that are catered to your app. Find about six to 10 with the least search score of 30, right? It worked for me. Finding those two keywords with search score of 30 got to 100 downloads a day and started. That's a great way to get start driving downloads and more revenues. You optimize them in the US title, subtitle, and then Spanish Mexico title and subtitle. I picked six to 10 because you can fit roughly about six to 10 keywords in both these localizations, both the title and subtitle of these two localizations. Now, these are optional, not necessary at this point, but you can do a lifetime offer for free. I know a lot there's been some push back, but trust me, it still works for just 2 days, and you can promote it on our other company that we own called Indie App Santa, or you can even do it on Reddit through different subreddits. All right, again, these are optional, not really necessary. Why I like these optional plans is after an ASO update, I like to give these new keywords a bit of a push. And so when I make a lifetime free offer for my app and I promote it on Indie App or Reddit, that usually drives thousands of downloads. Again, remember the factors, download volume, download velocity. So, I'm trying to give these keywords a bit of a push by bursting downloads within a short amount of time. All right, so that's why I like to have them in there. Here are things that you should not go after as well. All right, so here are the dos and don'ts of picking the right keywords. Do not go after your competitor keywords. They generally do not work. Okay, if they're branded search, they're probably going to click on the first search result, which is going to be the brand. So if I was Nike, for example, and there's Reebok right behind me, well look, I search for Nike. I'm more likely to download Nike. Nike is already the number one ranked keyword. Not likely I'm going to scroll down any further than the first search result. Okay. You can go after these competitor terms on Apple ads. That's a great way to do it, but I wouldn't do it for ASO. Go after relevant higher traffic keywords if you can find them. And that that's the hard part these days. And go after these keywords in the title and subtitle. And if you're just starting out and you don't have a paid marketing channel, I would try to go after longer tail keywords. All right. Now, if all else fails, you did this strategy and it did not work, what I would suggest to you is go after search traffic of five keywords. Okay. Look, any ASO tool out there will have search scores. Apple doesn't tell you exactly what the search scores mean. That's why I had to do a lot of analysis to tell you, hey, 30 search score, here's what I've been able to achieve by ranking number one for these 30 search score keywords. These days, because ASO is so hard, what I would do is use ASO mobile. These are one of our sponsors and partners, and this is one of our apps that we have. And try to rank for keywords. This is what I mean. The search score right here of five or 20 if you can do that. And so you can see, you know, I'm ranking number one for this keyword. I'm about number four for paraphrase, which has 20 search traffic. I know it says five here, but actually 20. And then paraphrase tool, I'm number six, and that has 23. So this is what I mean when I say search score of five. Just try to go after those cuz those are going to be a lot less competitive. And now you're playing the quantity game. You need a lot of these keywords ranking well. And I'll give you an example. So let me back up real quick. I'm going to link the video to this particular video so you can see how I use it. But there is a you add your app or you can add your competitor's app and then you go to app keywords and this is how you can do keyword research really quickly. All right. And then I try to pull the search traffic scores for these keywords and try to figure out what's the complexity level. If it's low, the higher likelihood I'll be in the top five, hopefully three, and hopefully one. Okay, so ASOM Mobile, I'll link that up and you can see a full product breakdown of that particular tool. But here's one of our clients that we worked with and I've kind of removed all the info for this client. This was a category that I was like, you know what, there's just really no search traffic scores for them. But if you're working with us, here's a spreadsheet we kind of put together. We pull the data from two different sources and what we found was this client. Now I've only showing the keywords that they're number one for. They have 92 keywords that they're number one for. And look at the search traffic. It's all five. And when we looked at the data, the App Store Connect data, the client was making roughly about $2 to $3,000 a month. Now, if you're just relying on ASO, that's a good number to hit. If you want to scale it, you're going to need paid ads. We've have clients that are making about six figures, half a million dollars. You know, some of them that are purely driven by organic search, but the good thing about those clients is their brand also has organic search. So, they're not just relying on generic terms, they're also relying on their branded terms, right? But this is one where I started thinking through late last year in 2025 that, hey, I think this is the next best strategy. So, this is a quantity game. As you can see, you need a lot of five search traffic keywords, but even for our app, Paraphrase, you know, there's a just a select few keywords that we rank really well for, and that's making about $3,000 a month all organically as well, pretty much organically. We have a little bit of Apple search ad spend. Okay, that's it. So, just to recap with ASO, I think it's getting really, really hard these days. You're going to have to do a lot of keyword research and you're going to have to be patient. What I would do is utilize ASO as a part of your overall marketing channel, not just the entire pie. So, it needs to be a slice of the pie, not your entire pie. And if you've already unlocked a paid marketing channel like Meta, like Tik Tok, or you figured out the organic social media to drive growth, then I would say ASO is a great candidate for you [music] cuz given our knowledge, we can help you expand and gain more organic downloads. If you're purely relying on it, I would say try to run some ads. And I like to start off with Apple ads, especially if I'm under $10,000 of MR. I want to start off with Apple ads. It's a lot cheaper. All I need are keywords and I can just start with that. So, that's what I would do personally. But, if you're interested in learning more or working with us to help you with your ASO, with more importantly your payroll and monetization, go check out appmasters.com and make sure you hit subscribe on this video cuz all we do is talk about apps and how to increase downloads and revenues. Oh, I forgot one last thing. All right. If you want our full ESO course that includes some of the crazy tactics that we can't share publicly cuz it'll stop working terms of increasing your ratings and review, you know, some of our cool little tricks that I can't talk publicly about. But go check out atfounders.co and that gives you access to our entire course library that includes the monetization tricks and ASO. We've got hundreds of videos and hundreds of app founders within that community. So, go check out appfounders.co. All right. Now, I'll see you on the next video. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @vlabs_uae [11 likes]: Thank you Steve for dropping this.
I don’t get one thing with localizations for ASO:
Should I flood my Arabic localization with English keywords in order to get indexed better in Arabic Countries? Or is it enough to have English localization to work for this purpose?
Chat gpt is saying that’s irrelevant to add English keywords in Arabic localization…
So You do NOT need to duplicate English keywords inside Arabic keyword field.
  2. @guellilmohammed3459 [3 likes]: The case study shown in the video is from 2023, are this technique still valid on 2026 ?
  3. @SebBGreg-w6i [3 likes]: The US localization tactic does not work anymore with now IA product page analyse
  4. @SaraJoppi [2 likes]: Hi Steve! At minute 12, you mention that the app is ranked for 92 keywords.
How do you manage so many keywords over time? More specifically, how do you decide when to change a keyword that’s already ranking #1? Once you’ve reached the top position, is it possible (or advisable) to replace that keyword with a different one?
  5. @BetulYildiz-h3e: Does Changing images or videos on app page help to ASO? Few years back those images were needed to change in every 10 days or so. You didn't mention anything about using the images and creatives explaining how app works at all.
  6. @marina_tekuchova: Thanks! What should be fixed first conversation rate (install to paid) and then run ASA or immediately run ASA. Because run campaign without nice conversation rate seems like just burning money. What do you think?
  7. @maxkrupenko: Hey Steve, appreciate the video. Quick question: does it make sense to run ASA campaign for a new app? Does it impact ASO somehow?
  8. @polayala4517: Hey Steve, I thought that Apple was banning and removing apps that had competitor terms and/or were using the app santa strategy
  9. @psupsu7481: Hi Steve, I have new app in "early acces" on google play. App is quite niche (utility), there is one major competitor with aprox 400-500 download per day (I am doing now daily around 40-60 in early access). Do you think it is good strategy to perform early access, validate keywords & features with users and then switch app into "pre-registration" phase. I am thinking that then I will gain pre-registration momentum for app launch. And one important question, should I buy Apptweak subscription to check keywords now or maybe wait until full release?

- How I Code Profitable Apps SOLO (no wasted time / beginner friendly / with AI): Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wanted to bring an app idea to life and turn it into a source of income this is what being able to code can unlock but here's a common trap most people will waste months learning things that don't actually move them closer to their goals why maybe it's a lack of confidence limited time or simply not knowing where to start if your goal is to build apps that provide value and earn money then you don't need to know every technical detail of a language or a framework to achieve this you just need to start and create some momentum in this video I'll provide a clear and concise Road mapap for coding your first app accepting payments from users building a high conversion landing page and securing your first customers I'll try my best to cut out all the fluff to give you a compressed and actionable plan even if you're starting from scratch and have zero coding experience before we dive into the road map let's talk about something that's just as important your mindset first you need to think as yourself as a problem solver not just a programmer you're not trying to memorize syntax or prompt the AI to write your Solutions it's about understanding and solving real problems for your users here's the truth people will pay you good money if you can resolve a pain they're struggling with save them time or help them make more money so as you learn and build always ask yourself how can my work improve the lives of others if you consistently focus on providing genuine value you'll stand out as someone who solves real problems not just someone who writes code now that you've got the right mindset the next step is to set clear goals just saying I want to learn to code or I want to build an app is way too broad you'll have no idea when you've achieved it and you'll constantly feel like you're falling short try using this simple formula when brainstorming app ideas I want to build an app that does X to solve y problem for these users or better yet build something that solves a problem you are currently facing scratch your own itch and Market it to other people that are facing the same problem from there Focus towards building a simple lovable and complete version of your app simple means it doesn't have to do everything just deliver on the one to two key features you promised lovable means making people want to use your product with good UI and ux and complete means your product should be functional at launch aim to ship a version one of something simple rather than a version 0.1 of something complex no pain customer wants to use an unfinished product a lot of people ask me what is the best programming language to learn and my answer is always what are you trying to build and this is why it's so important to set clear goals first it becomes much easier to decide which programming language or text tack you should learn once you have something in mind you want to build but remember this once you've picked a language and text stack you have to stick with it for a while your progress will only stall if you keep hopping from one language to another always chasing the next shiny object to code your first app you'll need to choose and learn a text stack instead of diving into every possible path I recommend using a resource like Road map. sh it has in-depth road maps for various development paths for front end backend mobile and more it's free actively maintained and most importantly highlights the essential and optional topics you should learn this keeps your learning focused and efficient a great resource to help you with your coding journey and one I used personally is scrimba scrimba is a platform with interactive courses on everything from front end to AI development their lessons are designed to be practical and Hands-On letting you edit and run code directly in the browser while following along with the tutorial they put a huge focus on Project based learning so it's perfect for applying your knowledge into real applications currently over 80% of the content is free and I personally recommend checking out their new AI engineer path it's less than 10 hours long and it primes you with the skills to work with modern AI Technologies like the open AI API hugging face and Lang chain all of which will become useful if you plan to implement AI features into your applications plus scrimber has a super active and welcoming Discord community where you can ask questions and get help whenever you're stuck if you couldn't tell I'm super excited and grateful to be working with scrimba check them out first link in the description once you've chosen your Tex deack you can speed up your learning and building Time by leveraging modern AI tools cursor and wind surf these AI Ides aim to boost productivity with code generation rewrites and reviews all within your editor without having to context switch keeping you in the Flow State when building Vel v0 a tool that lets you generate fully responsive UI and components in seconds and of course chat gbt check the description for some useful prompts to help you build faster once your app is functional you will want a way to monetize it start by deciding on your pricing model onetime payments customers prefer this as they only have to pay once to own the software is also quicker for generating Revenue subscriptions ideal for recurring Revenue but consider adding it after you see some demand include a free trial to let users test your product before they commit after deciding on a pricing model choose a platform to handle your payments stripe the most popular powerful and developer friendly platform lemon squeezy recently acquired by stripe but still useful for Indie developers who want an all-in-one solution with tax handling paddle useful if you're targeting International customers with the built-in tax and subscription management now that users can pay you it's time to ship your app so people can Discover it for web apps I recommend platforms like for sale qualify and netlify for deployment for mobile apps the App Store and Google Play Store are the most common platform and for browser extensions the Chrome Web Store Firefox and Edge add-ons are the main platforms once your app is ready you need to attract users and convert them into customers one way you can do this is by creating a landing page its sole purpose is to build trust with a stranger and convert them into signing up or purchasing there is a general structure for landing pages that are proven to give High conversions you need a clear and compelling headline that grabs attention and communicates value include visuals or demos that show what your app can do and how it solves the problem add social proof like testimonials or user reviews to build credibility and Trust I will link some useful resources in the description once you have a landing page use social media platforms like Reddit product hunt Twitter and Niche forums to spread the word of your launch try not to make it sound too salesy tell your story in a genuine way and what inspired you to make the product people who resonate with you will be more than happy to try your product and give you your first piece of feedback congrats on publishing your app and gaining your first wave of users but the work isn't over to turn your app from decent into something great you need to relentlessly gather feedback from your users and use it to improve add a simple feedback button within your app that lets users send an email directly to you or build a community where users can have open discussions but be mindful not all feedback is created equal you need to focus on what matters so use the following criteria to prioritize feedback frequency how often do you get the same pieces of feedback if the same issues keep getting mentioned it's probably worth addressing feasibility how easy or difficult is it to implement if it's a quick win implement it right away impact how much real value does it bring to your users do your users really need dark mode or is that time better spent making your app responsive for mobile devices the key to iterating is speed this means releasing updates quickly and often it's not uncommon for small startups to update production multiple times a day this is where working solo becomes your greatest asset you don't have a large team slowing you down so move as fast as you can and use it to your advantage for more solo startup content please like And subscribe and I'll see you in the next one bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @HengineX [1 likes]: As someone who jumped from Python to C to Java, I can tell you the shiny object syndrome is real. It really set me back in being able to master the language. I'm on my 3rd day of working on an app and progress is still going strong. I will make a roadmap to avoid straying into the wrong direction. Making short term goals, will probably give me the satisfaction of finishing something and not get burned out so quickly.
  2. @mrsparrow-d8b: You should be born in European countries, otherwise you will never be able to succeed no matter how skill in programming you are.
  3. @juliasi-c4u: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  4. @EdenSale-v5y: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  5. @BoylesgMichael: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  6. @ALIIbrahim-x3s5l: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  7. @ZuriKylee: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  8. @TasniyaTisa-m6m: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  9. @Shadow-mu2lt: first: dont live in a country paypal dont work or there arnt people wanting to use an app and they most thing existant in the county is scam and famous geting arested by correlation  with crime and scam
  10. @TurnerKornelia: cant believe that no one talks about the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi. it made me so much money.
  11. @HughesVincent: Great video. I see it aligns with the sales page book by tom gvinadi. It helped me make a lot of money online.
  12. @RobinsonAmálie-p4f: cant believe that no one talks about the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi. it made me so much money.
  13. @HughesNadežda: Great video. I see it aligns with the sales page book by tom gvinadi. It helped me make a lot of money online.
  14. @CooperMia-b2g: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online
  15. @GarciaMaríaTeresa: This is so accurate. I’ve seen so many people give up too early because they think online business is just luck or timing, but it really isn’t. It’s more about learning from mistakes than anything else, and I had plenty of learning material :D. I was stuck for a long time trying different approaches, and nothing seemed to stick. Thankfully, after all these years, I am on my way to the mil, and there were times when I literally had almost nothing. I wasted so much time until I came across The Sales Page Effect by Tom Gvinadi. This book changed everything I was doing for good.
  16. @ricoaw500: Today my boss said try to be more vibe code. Be lazy. my inner self laugh so hard 😂😂😂 boss, you paid us so we can clean your mess while vibing
  17. @SuhagShetty: Which cursor theme and icon pack is it?
  18. @ZolosMarejg-fq1lm: Thanks you so much Edmund, as a passionate developer and about to buid an app this really helps out a lot. I wish you good luck with any future goals and the best!
  19. @george_wake_up: How to find problems to solve???
  20. @zeeshanworldwide: my friend, i want to learn this software thing from you

- If You Want To Build Apps That ACTUALLY Make Money In 2026, Watch This: Kind: captions Language: en Building an app is the single best side hustle in 2025. So, I'm going to take you through everything from how to think of actual app ideas, build them, and then market them to actually make your first dollars online as a solo developer. And this is all based off of the frameworks I used to build and scale my own startup Empor to thousands of downloads and revenue and even winning the sustainability grant at Migill, as well as my new AI SAS app, Resumax, which at the time of recording has $4,000 users and generated $2,400 on day 37 after release. Best part is I'm not some millionaire. I'm someone who's experienced a little bit of success, but someone who is in your exact position just one year ago until I learned everything I'm going to teach you in this video. First of all, how in the world do you get that 10K per month app idea? You might think you have a million dollar idea already in your head, and if that's the case, sure, go ahead and build it. But I'll be blunt. In this day and age, an idea alone holds next to no value, especially with how fast and easy it is to build and release something. This is why I strongly suggest, especially if you're just starting out, copy existing ideas that are already out there. The hardest part is always researching and validating your idea. And this way, you could skip all of this and just get into building. But but but Eric, XYZ app already exists. How am I supposed to make money off of that? Get it through your head that originality is dead. One of my favorite YouTubers actually once said something that really resonated with me on this and it's something along the lines of a burger restaurant in A&W did not stop McDonald's three decades later coming out with their own burgers and making millions and millions of dollars. This is no different in software as much as we might try to believe it is. More often than not, you just need to capture a small share of your market as a solo developer. For example, with the app I'm currently working on, ResMax, I was just browsing through this indie startup page and found this AI resume generator. Resi made $7 million. When I saw that, I knew I could build something better. So, I copied this idea, added a small tweak to differentiate myself, and went to market. And that's why 37 days later, I've already generated over $2,000 in revenue and have $4,000 users, and I didn't have to waste time validating a market. One super quick tip when selecting these ideas though, try to pick something that addresses a painoint that you're experiencing that others might as well on a global scale. For example, job searching, so the resume tool that I'm building or trying to get in shape, so calorie tracking, phone screen addiction, so any screen time blocking apps, anything with a human pain point. And you'll see why this comes in so clutch for marketing down the line. Before you start building anything, here's something that will save you months. Now that you actually have an app idea, the first thing you should do is set up a simple landing page to collect user signups while you work on your MVP. Most beginners skip this and end up building for months in silence and then have zero users actually waiting for them when they release. The easiest way to do this is with Gamma. Gamma is basically your AI design partner. You drop in your idea in a few notes and it turns them into a clean, professional landing page or a slide deck in minutes with AI. It looks good, it feels polished, and it starts giving you a place to generate real interest while you build out your app itself. And if your app starts taking off and you want to eventually start pitching to investors, Gamma can use the same notes or documents to generate a professional pitch deck that actually looks like something a real startup team would use. And here's the part that most people do not know. Gamma also works with Zapier. And this means you could automate a lot of the work that normally slows you down as a solo builder. You could turn meeting notes into slides automatically, convert Zoom transcripts into clean presentations, or take a notion doc and have Gamma generate a full pitch deck for investors without you touching any design tools. Zapier even has some readyto-use templates for these workflows, so you can set up everything in just a few clicks with no coding at all, so you could focus on your own app. So before you write a single line of code, go to gamma.app and join the over 50 million users and 40,000 teams to build your weight list page and your pitch decks. All right, now let's get into the real work and start actually building the app. Even with all these AI tools out there, I'm still a firm believer that at a minimum, you need to understand all the fundamentals for your own code. So, let's understand the different text stacks you should be using when you build out your own application. Then I will give you a free road map that I would use if I was restarting myself so you could learn everything you need. Okay, so the only coding language you should be using is JavaScript. This is because it covers all aspects of full stack development. basically meaning you could control both server side logic and what users actually see on your application. The next part actually depends on what kind of app you want to build. Is it a web app or a mobile app? For a web app, it's simple. You should only be using Nex.js because it handles stuff like serverside rendering and API routes. But most importantly, it's search engine optimized, meaning your website actually shows up when a user goes and Google certain things. Now, on the other hand, mobile is a lot more difficult than web development. And this is because the web ecosystem is so large and basically anyone could go and deploy their own website for everyone to see so easily. But with mobile, you only have two markets you could even tap into to begin with, and that's iOS or Android. So, we're going to use React Native to build for both platforms at once. And you're also going to use Expo Go because this expedites your development process. And when you're actually ready to submit your app to the app store, that's going to save you so much time. It's such a pain dealing with Apple. Now, we're almost done with the boring stuff in the building. There's just two remaining things I want to touch on. The first is authentication and a database. In my opinion, I would use Superbase to handle all of this because their free tier is incredibly generous and you can scale up to like 10,000 users completely for free. And they have their own authentication built directly into it through OOTH with Google and Microsoft and stuff like that. So, you'll have a secure platform with minimal setup. And finally, arguably the most important part is what AI tools are you going to use? I'm a firm believer, especially as we're approaching 2026, if you aren't using AI in your workflows, you are behind. you cannot keep up in this current dev ecosystem. So what you're going to do is use warp. It's a new agentic development environment. Think of this as your IDE or where you're going to write your code. Warp basically lets you index your entire codebase so it's easier to feed it into AI agents. And then for AI agents, the only thing you're going to use is clawed code. There is absolutely no competitor out there right now that comes even remotely close to them. Make sure you're always planning your code with claw code so you can become that kind of 10x developer. Now, as promised, for those beginners in app development, here's a quick road map you can follow to learn everything you need to get building completely for free. Start by watching this entire crash course by Free Code Camp on YouTube. It'll work you through all the theory and fundamentals that you need for JavaScript. Now, this just gets you started. So, go to this website called full stack open. It teaches you all the fundamentals of development like working with APIs, managing databases, and testing and deploying your code. It even goes in depth covering all the React specific stuff like working with React Router or React Native so you could build out your apps on your own. After this, when you have a solid understanding down, just go back to YouTube. I really like JavaScript Mastery. Pick out another project and just build it out from scratch while watching the video as a kind of guide because this way you'll have a product that you build from start to end that you could replicate with your own app afterwards. And it's what I actually did. Finally, bookmark this website called javascript.info info because you will inevitably get stuck on some stupid things in some small syntax and this is a perfect reference for all of the core JavaScript concepts. Okay, now we're on to the final part and my favorite part as a content creator and that is marketing. In this day and age, especially with how AI is working, I would argue that marketing is probably at least 50% of your work for building an app. So pay attention to these few tricks you could use. First of all, UGC is king. And this is basically just organic content that you're going to post on your own social media. So, for example, for Resumax, as you can see on this Instagram page that I posted a few videos on, I've generated 151,000 views in the last month, all for my own SAS app. And this is from a grand total of 9 or 10 videos that I recorded in about 5 minutes each completely for free. So, the return on investment is crazy high for getting paying [music] users into my app. And just like with the app idea, copying here is key. All you have to do is go to Tik Tok or Instagram and search for something related to your app. for example, resume templates and then scroll through all of these high-erforming videos and just recreate them, putting your own twist on it with a call to action to go check out your app. It's really that simple. If you're not comfortable putting your own face out there, I totally get it. I still wouldn't skip this step, [music] though, because attention is the new currency in this day and age. So, I would find influencers in your niche between the 1,000 to 10,000 following mark and then DM them offering to pay between $30 to $50 per video or if you're smart, something like a dollar for every,000 views on the videos that they generate, stuff like that. And then it's up to you to kind of determine what kind of price point you're comfortable with and how much money you're willing to invest into it, if you are at all. Either way, keep experimenting with your own organic content until you find something that blows up. And then go to Tik Tok ads and Instagram ads. pay another $30 or $50 for each video and boost this to another 10,000 [music] people. I did that literally today before recording this video and I've already generated $240 in revenue from a $30 Tik Tok ad. It's stupidly easy once it starts working for you. Now, for my kings and queens out there that do not want to put their face online, I get it. Or they do not have the money to spend. Also, I get that you can still do this. One successful strategy so many of my startup friends have done is going to anonymous sites like Reddit, Discord or Quora and finding anything related to your keyword again for example for me job searching resume templates and then just throwing in your website being like this really helped me you guys should try it out and that way you don't have to put your face out there. The only other option is really focusing on SEO, which is search engine optimization, or ASO, which [music] is app store optimization. And this basically means researching keywords that need to be embedded into certain parts of your website. So either Google or the app store throws your product up when users are searching for specific things like a resume template or an AI resume generator, an AI job. You get the point. One thing I will warn you is stay damn away from influencer marketing. And by that I mean people in my range where it's like 150,000 followers cuz I know firsthand as someone that's making thousands of dollars for one video. This is not in our budget. Do not even waste your time. Anyways, that's literally everything you need to do to pick up your keyboard and build an application that will start making you at least that extra $1,000 or $2,000 a month that you're looking for. Trust me, learning to code and building an app is the best investment you can make in yourself. I'm begging you to just start and learn from your own progress after this video. If you found any of this helpful, leave a like and subscribe and take a look at my own journey building out resumaxs. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sandramuk2876 [2 likes]: Really helpful. thanks
  2. @voradorhylden3410 [1 likes]: Better idea. Make an app that actually works. 2) if you want money for making the app, charge for it. Ild be more willing to buy an app that works then have a free one that bombards you with ads after 2 months. 3) make an app that either solve a  REAL problem or makes something significantly easier or faster. 
If you cant check even one of those boxes, dont bother. We have ple ty of broken apps and plenty of useless and plenty of greedy apps.  You dont need to track anything either. Just have somewhere for feed back. The only app that actually needs to track you is gps because thats how it works.
  3. @EternityUnknown [1 likes]: I love that he's justifying node.js with everything, but us devs really know it's because node.js is Javascript. Lol.
  4. @mz51092 [1 likes]: Awesome.. my background is mobile app development yet I am not making apps. how ironic.. it's time to make a change
  5. @kshitiz101 [1 likes]: nice info thanks😊
  6. @JackPfeiffer-r5j: I’m trying to get users and I’m struggling to say the least. I’ve been making TikTok’s Instagram reels and Reddit posts and I have 0 users. Any recommendations to get your first user? I feel like that’s the hardest part
  7. @frontend_coder: Hello! I have a question
How long did it take for you to develop ResuMax? How many hours per day were you working?
  8. @Studies-u6t: I only know c++, rust & python 😭. I have never touched java, js or node js 😂. Guess its rust and css for me 😭
  9. @sadpost6603: ♥️♥️♥️♥️
  10. @aaronsoares: Too cool. Im vibe coding a web app and thinking about building in public too.
  11. @OrvillSamanta-c7j: Why not use flutter?
  12. @Thenewlife-s8t: Hi I'm from Turkey. 
Is it possible to make 1000$ per month with AI in 2026?  Thanks.
  13. @MichaelIfeanyichukwu-t1q: I use flutter and dart for my apps  and the firebase
  14. @handyneo6997: yeah, but the main problem is getting people to actually use the app
  15. @OneGoodtime: I understand about affiliate links but i actually want to know the truth, how did you build your app? It was with AI building the website or it was actually you?
  16. @solisme: can i ask where the money coming from when you build your own app, does your app has fee or commercial ads, Thanks
  17. @kn0ckout5: isn't flutter more optimized and faster? I developed an app using react native with typescript and yes with expo you can see the app in real time on both phones (ios and android) but flutter I think is better
  18. @ajackson9326: Great broadcast
  19. @CashLegendsgold: Wow
  20. @MAStr8: does Supabase slow your app down?

- How Much My Indie Game Made with 1 Million Android Downloads: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how much money can a mobile game make with 1 million downloads on iOS or Android? I did because recently one of my games reached this milestone of 1 million downloads. Check this out. If you think tons of downloads equals tons of money, well, let me stop you right there. Some games with million downloads get hundred thousand of dollars, while others just a few grand. In my case, is more or less average. My game was well, it's pretty old. I made it in 2020 and overall it kind of sucks. Bad level design, boring mechanics, awful on boarding. But despite all of that, it actually made a pretty solid amount of money, especially for being my second ever project. So, what was the smart move I did with my stupid game? Porting it to as many platforms as I could. And honestly, I think that's something that every indie dev should do to be able to make living out of making games. So, in this video, I'll break down how much it made just on Android from more than 1 million downloads and then how much it earned in total across all other platform I ported to. And those are the major ones like Android, iOS, Xbox, Switch, Steam, and even HTML 5. But before that, I'll quickly introduce you the game I'm talking about. So the game is called Enderance and it's a pixel art sci-fi topown shooter and I released it in June 2020 on Android and iOS. So I made this game within 4 months almost entirely solo. I was getting help from a pixel artist and very talented guy who handled the music and sound effects. The rest was on me. Story, design, code, marketing. By the way, about marketing this game and getting featured on iOS and Android, I talk in my video right here. And you may wonder what were the game metrics. They were totally bad. They are still totally bad. But at the time, I didn't know that. So, day one retention was around 15% and that means that 85% of users were dropping the game just after installing it. And average play time was around 19 minutes. And the game is 4 hours long. And the game had very stupid design problems like no mid-level saves, long and punishing levels. And if you die, you have to start from scratch from the very very beginning of the level. Really hardcore. The repetitive game play, lame boss fights, and auto aim mechanic probably made things even worse. But the story and overall ambience, they were not bad. And a lot of players actually stuck around just to see how it ended. and that meant a lot. So, if you got bored with that introduction, let's get back to the main question. How much money did it with more than 1 million downloads on Android? Here's the breakdown. So, from ads, by the way, I'm using Yoda Mass Mediation for ads and it made $26,626. So, I have two versions of the game on Google Play, the premium one and the free one. So, the free one comes with ads. And from the free one, I got $12,000. And from the paid one, I got $45,000. In the very beginning, when I just released the game, I used ADM Mob Mediation, and it brought me almost $2,000. So, the total Android revenue with more than 1 million downloads brought me $85,447. and that with with some marketing expenses but mostly organic downloads and even now in 2025 it still brings me few hundred bucks every month and that's more than some of my newer prototypes are making. So not bad at all. Now let's look at all platforms combined. So downloads from Android are more than 1 million and from iOS 229,000. So, the revenue from Android, as I said before, it's $85,000. iOS one brought me from ads $7,367 and from the inner purchases $9,390. Xbox over these years brought me more or less $13,000. Nintendo Switch tiny bit more than $3,000. Steam and HTML 5 were the weakest ones. Steam brought $625. and HTML 5 brought $150. So the total lifetime revenue is $119,179. Sadly, all that was spread within these years. And here's the thing, the game shouldn't be still making any money, but it does. And why? Because I made it with heart and I put it everywhere. When I look back, yeah, there are million things I would change, but when I boot it up, it still makes me proud. It may be rough around the edges, but it's real. I didn't just prototype some gameplay loop and call it a day. I built a full experience as messy as it was. And all this before AI tools were a thing. There were moments I spent 3 4 days stuck on a bug that would take 30 seconds to solve with Chad GPT. Today, I Googled everything. I used Stack Overflow, Unity Forums. By the way, anyone still using those, but I pushed through. I released it and it mattered more than I expected. And then came the smartest decision I ever made. Ported to everything. Straight after releasing it, I started getting offers from publishers and I signed them. Steam didn't make much sadly and left me disappointed. So, I kind of gave up on Steam. But maybe one day I'll get back to it. But together, every platform earned just enough. And those tiny streams added up. Sometimes surviving as an indie game deaf isn't about making one hit. It's about making one decent thing and making it available everywhere. So no, endurance didn't change the world, but it got featured on App Store and Google Play. Though it didn't make me rich, but it paid some bills and it founded my future projects. and it gave me something no spreadsheet or KPI ever could. Confidence. And I'm still proud of this game when I return and play it sometimes. If you're a solid, don't wait for perfection. Make something you care about. Release it, learn, port it. Even if this game isn't great, if it's real, people will feel that. And who knows, 5 years from now, it might be still sending you money while you're working on something new. So, if you like the video, give it a like and subscribe. I share real indie dev stuff, numbers, postmortems, fails, and small wins. Comment below. Did you expect this game to earn that much or you thought it's going to be less? And have you ever released something that you're proud of, even if it's flopped? And thanks for watching and see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @miniyeti88 [258 likes]: How much do you think a solo dev should earn from 1M installs?
  2. @productreview1M [1 likes]: Source code
  3. @Goldik_YS [1 likes]: Bro that's money so cool for me I'm new in here game development I don't know anything about game developing 😅 but I want to start 🙂
  4. @sentilo1337 [1 likes]: The money wasn’t bad but for a million views i thought you should take home more then that.
  5. @akhileswarySami: Tlunga,.
  6. @sajjadabouei6721: My first video here, i enjoyed it, thank you

I loved it❤🎉❤
  7. @ZeroCodeGames: I made so much less with my 500k downloads on google play. Ads were just awful, in-game purchases did better and partner implementations did also kinda well. This is awesome to see. Hope you are still continuing the grind with new games and improving the speed with AI.
  8. @anzeplantan5216: How hard is it even to make a mobile game to just make a decent product to pay your bills
  9. @chrisk420: That's a lot of money in my country
  10. @mixedcontent6680: How much money did you spent on marketing?
  11. @SIDEKICKONYOUTUBE: After really trying hard to stretch the video to 8 minutes, repeating the question again and again, finally revealing you only earned about $100K (its not even clear if its $100K) 
you couldn't tell us WHY you only earned $100K from the 1M downloads ? how much were you selling your game ?
  12. @impheris: does the game has microtransactions?
  13. @ZeeshanAhmad-de4nn: How do an app earn like just downloads or you earn cuz of the ads?
  14. @dartagnan1954: Can you update the game ?
  15. @wegogym34: So basically Admobs sucks? Should I use the one u used instead?
  16. @Kal-Em: 👍👍👍
  17. @manishkarki8119: In which platform you used to publish app or do post for marketing?
  18. @qwertyuiop-gn5vi: how did you port it to multiple platform? 

i guess you did not rewriten it from 0 every single time?
  19. @Cybercraze11everything: Bro I only have an iPad can I make a game too any advice ?
  20. @sentilo1337: Maybe if you spice this game up, repackage it and get similar views you’ll make double or just sell the game for a dollar!!!! And you’ll win big!!!!

- How I Coded ANOTHER Profitable App SOLO (step by step / from scratch / with AI): Kind: captions Language: en Another day, another startup. Recently, I moved to Malaysia and from there, I've pretty much been spending most of my time coding my latest project. And it's been super fun hacking away at something new again. And luckily, I've been documenting the whole journey from coming up with the app idea to building the app to getting that first paying customer. In this video, I'll show you every step of the process so you get an idea of what it takes to build and ship a profitable app from scratch completely solo. And feel free to stick around until the end to see how much money my app actually made. My app idea is just a simple tool that allows me to download video transcripts in bulk from YouTube channels or playlists. And you're probably asking, why do I want a tool like this? Well, it's no secret that YouTube is a gold mine of knowledge and information, but it's all trapped in video format. So, I'm building this tool for one main reason. I want a quick and easy way to extract all this gold from YouTube videos in text format so that I can feed this data directly into my own custom AI models to help me with everyday tasks like writing better YouTube scripts or creating custom AI agents to help me with my startups. Then after giving it some more thought, I know I'm not the only one who needs this tool. Pretty much anyone wanting to train their own custom AI models with YouTube content is facing the same problem. Manual transcript extraction from YouTube is painfully slow and tedious and currently there aren't many good solutions out there. So then I thought why not try building this tool myself. It solves a real problem I am facing and it could potentially be another stream of income if I execute and market it well to the other users who are facing the same problem. But before I start building, I need to do some quick market research to see what my competitors are offering. First, there's YouTube transcript.io IO, which offers bulk downloading but requires a subscription with a credit system. So, I can definitely see an opportunity for my app to compete by offering a simpler pricing model. And from looking at their landing page, they report having over 350,000 users worldwide, which is a clear sign there's already real demand for this type of product. This gives me even more confidence in my idea and extra motivation to compete with them to take a slice of the market. There are also other sites like Note GBT and Tactic, but those sites only let you download transcripts. one video at a time. So, my approach will be simple. Create a tool with a simpler pricing model and a super clean interface that makes downloading YouTube transcripts in bulk cheap, quick, and painless. After scouting out my competitors, I was ready to jump into my code editor and start building. But before I could write a single line of code, I had to plan out what the first version of my app would be like. Otherwise, I'll either end up building something that's not useful, or I'll constantly get distracted adding shiny new features that don't actually solve the root problem. I prefer using the SLC framework to plan the early versions of my app. I'm not a fan of shipping MVPs that are buggy at launch and don't do the key one to two features they promise just for the sake of speed or shipping fast. The SLC framework stands for simple, lovable, and complete. And I think it's a much better approach than just building something that's minimum and viable. For my app to be simple, it needs to have one straightforward path to solving the root problem, and that's extracting YouTube transcripts in bulk. This means users should be able to complete the task in as few steps or clicks as possible. Nobody likes using a halfbaked product for version one. This means users should be able to download thousands of transcripts quickly. My app won't be feature- packed at launch, but it will be complete. This means users should be able to sign up, make a purchase, and immediately download transcripts. This is the leanest possible version of my app and the goal is to provide value from day one and then iterate the product based on real feedback from users. Like I've said before, I'm aiming to ship a version one of something simple instead of a version 0.1 of something complex. Now that I have a basic plan in place, it's time to commit and secure a domain for the app. I decided to go with YouTube transcripts.io as it's short, descriptive, SEOfriendly, and doesn't break the bank. Now that the domain was purchased, it was time to start building. For this project, I'm using the standard web text stack, React and Next.js for my front end and API, Superbase for my database and authentication, and Stripe to handle payments. Normally, setting up my projects would take me a few hours to get everything connected and working. But this time, I am using Tempo to help me with the setup process, and I was able to get my OR, database, and payments all working in under 10 minutes. All I had to do was click through their guided setup, paste in a few API keys and within minutes I had a fully functioning project with all the annoying stuff correctly configured. Then I gave a simple prompt to Tempo describing what my app does. And then it just starts generating the project files, documenting project requirements, and building out the UI. And honestly, the first version of the landing page tempo generated was pretty impressive. It wasn't perfect, but it was a solid starting point with a clean layout and some decent copy. From there, I gave the AI a few more prompts to refine some sections, like updating the feature section to better highlight what the app actually does, adding a use cases section and an FAQ section to answer common questions or objections up front. Before we move on, let me give you a quick tour of the Tempo UI. The interface is split into three tabs: product, design, and code. In the product tab, you can write out your product requirements, features, and even create full user flow diagrams of your app. The most useful thing about this is that all this information gets fed directly to the AI as context, which reduces hallucinations massively. In the design tab, you can build out your UI just by clicking and dragging elements pretty much just like any other design tool like Figma or Web Flow, but it generates actual React code behind the scenes. They also support importing your custom Figma designs, so you can use them as a starting point and ask the AI to generate React code for you based on the designs. Finally, the code tab is where you can open and edit any file in your project just like you would in VS Code or cursor. It also integrates nicely with GitHub, so you can push your code directly to a repo and keep everything version controlled. With the initial setup all done, I push the code to GitHub and fired up Cursor so that I can start building out the core features of my app. So, enjoy this time-lapse of me hacking away over the next couple days whilst I get this app ready for launch. [Music] Oh, hey. Heat. Heat. After days of non-stop coding and testing, I think the app is finally ready. It's time to launch and get some users. My plan for the initial launch is pretty basic. I'll post on all of the typical launch platforms like Product Hunt, Hacker News, and Twitter to try my luck going viral, but I'm not banking on this too much. My tool is quite niche and solves a very specific problem. So there's really no point trying to appeal to a wider audience at this stage. And hot take, I don't think Product Hunt is actually a good platform to launch for most indie hackers. Unless you're making a product specifically targeted to other founders because the truth is regular customers aren't going to Product Hunt to find tools to solve their problems. It's usually just a bunch of other founders looking for a place to share their products. But you do get a nice backlink for SEO and a bump in traffic if you can rank highly. So, it's at least worth trying. That's why I'll be spending most of my time going directly to my ideal customers and building relationships with them first. This means finding niche subreddits and forums and sharing my launch there instead. So, how did the launch go and how much money has my app actually made? Well, I can tell you my app didn't blow up overnight. And I'm not going to lie, it was discouraging at first seeing my launch get less traction than I hoped. It's disappointing, but this won't be one of those videos where I launch my product and it magically goes viral. And honestly, I think sharing realistic launches like these can be more valuable than the overnight success stories because whilst they can be inspiring, they can also create unrealistic expectations and discourage you to keep going if you don't see immediate results. So, even though the launch wasn't what I hoped for, I'm not going to let it distract me from improving and growing my product until I can get it to a point where I'm satisfied and feel like there's nothing more I can do. Since the launch, I've managed to get 13 user signups with six of them converting to actual paying customers. And so far, my app has earned over £200 since the launch. It's not some life-changing money, but at least it's proof that people are willing to pay for my product, even at its earliest stage. So, what's next? I have a bunch of ideas and improvements I want to make to this app already. And of course, I'll be documenting everything on this channel. So, if you want to see how I grow this app from these humble beginnings into something bigger, feel free to subscribe and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @edmundyong [247 likes]: Stop building apps that make $0 - join Startup Club (private community)

https://www.startupclub.community/
  2. @channelK-life [1 likes]: hard to imagine, I stare at a small screens on my laptop for 20 years.
  3. @LucasMotavdWiele: You have a weird condition on your foots
  4. @mustapha00011: Using youtube in your domaine! Isn't that IP infringement?
  5. @gamergirljuice: this video is a whole ad :face-fuchsia-tongue-out::face-fuchsia-tongue-out:
  6. @peerbuksh3501: no more exist...
  7. @Kyrenvyn: 🕸️
  8. @quasimongo410: it's a bad idea. youtube can do structural changes to their website at any time and you won't be able to extract it anymore, so it's not only fragile code it is also impossible to make robust ever. the more customers you get, the more difficult it will be to do it in bulk. you need rotating ips from residential areas around the world at some point and virtual machines with agentic automation while fighting a strong opponent who invests heavily into protecting against scrapers.

but it's a great and inspiring video for sure!
  9. @al_marko: It's been almost a year since this video, and the app domain you bought for it is completely dead. Can't even load the page anymore...
  10. @bossysmaxx: goddammit, the one thing I came for was mosaicced. Goddammmit you asian peels
  11. @dsd5705: i’m building an app but total vibe code as I am not a coder-it’s not as easy as they make it look but i’m having fun! Will check out your app.
  12. @kutsalhatirlatmalar: What’s your tech stack? Hope I didn’t miss that part on the video
  13. @zyan...: Would the notebookLM be the "closest" option?
  14. @tadenovotny: Inspiring even a year later :)
  15. @jacobhernandez8652: what a genius! love your idea and how you execute yourself, this is so inspiring. Thank you
  16. @Colin-s5b: how  do you do this without hitting session limits every day
  17. @tubeMonger: The blurred feet!
  18. @SM-qo9gr: as an ex FAANG developer?!
  19. @mtbsperry: No feet pics here. Gotta pay up!!
  20. @bobbygwalker3: Edmund forgot to mention he has a HUGE advantage being Asian.

- How to Make a Living from Mobile Games in 2025 (Realistic Solo Dev Strategies): Kind: captions Language: en Is it hard to make mobile games today? The simple answer is no. Is it hard to make a living out of it? Yes. But wait, there is good news as well. So sit tight. With the development of AI, you now have plenty of tools helping you speed up the process. You can create code. You can ask questions and get pretty good answers. You can create art for your games using AI, and you can even create 3D models with it. You can animate those 3D models using free tools like Mixama. And if you're stuck with ideas, you can ask AI to analyze the market and it will give you a direction. So, it's never been easier to make a mobile game than it is today. But why is it still hard to make a living out of it? Well, look at this. So many games are released every day. And if you check the top charts, most of them are coming from companies with huge budgets for ads. So, can you compete with them once you publish your game? Well, yes, if you also have a huge budget for ads. And what if you don't? What if you're poor as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How do you make a living out of making games then? Well, there are other ways. Way number one, make a game, publish it. Google Play or App Store will give you some initial traction, some initial downloads. Or you can boost it a bit with $100 $200 running user acquisition campaigns. If your game gets good reviews, good in-game metrics, low crash rates, and you have solid apps for optimization, the algorithm may push your game more. That means you'll start getting organic installs for a decent period of time. Check this out. I have a few games that I didn't spend money to promote, but Google Play and App Store are still showing them organically to users. So, I'm getting a steady stream of installs. So, yeah, I'd say it's an old school method, but with this approach, pretty unlikely you ever get close to the top charts. So, what's the upside? You start getting some income already. A few bucks per day, still good though. But what's the best part? Since the algorithm is showing your game to people and if the quality is decent and you'll start getting noticed by publishers, you'll start getting offers now. Choose wisely and take it. A good publisher will help your game a lot. It will handle marketing, potentially fund future updates, offer revenue share deals, or even invite you to build your next game with them. In any case, this path can help you actually make a living from games. Sure, you might lose a bit of freedom, but in return, you get resources and support. There's also another way you can make living out of making games without publishers. So, what is it? You make a game, release it, get some decent reviews, apps optimization, use AI tools to publish and test. Now, your game earns $100 to $100 per month from purely organic installs. You've published it to Google Play, App Store, HTML 5 portals for extra revenue. Now what? Make another game. Another small one. Something that takes one two months to build. Do the same. Google Play, App Store, HTML 5. Now you're earning 200, 400 per months. Then make another game. What I'm saying is build up your income with bunch of small games. It might be slow, but it gives you more chances to survive than betting everything on one hit game that will change your life. Because let's be honest, those chances are super low. So, in a year, you're probably going to have six to eight games released, and together they'll bring a decent monthly income. The hard part, you'll have to support those games minimally, just enough so they don't instantly die without updates. And by the way, one of them may take off and bring you a solid amount of income. And just imagine how many new mechanics, workflows, and tricks you'll learn within that year. That knowledge is priceless. But let's be real, during that year, you'll still need to eat and pay your bills. So, my advice, if you have a job, don't quit it until you're confident. Find someone to help you speed up the process. Share the work. Making games with other people is so much more fun than grinding solo. Way number three, there's also another way you can make games professionally as a freelancer. I know people doing this and making living out of it. You can look for jobs in gamedev communities. Browse gigs on app work or freelancer.com. Reach out to YouTubers making games asking if they need help. Do paid Unity prototyping art, ASO, even AI based optimization. If you already built and published your own games, you already have a portfolio. So, you're not just another random freelancer. You're someone who actually shipped products. That's a big plus. This lets you stay in gamedev, make money now and keep building your your own games in parallel. Way number four, you can also build games and sell them. There are platforms like FIPA where you can sell your game outright source code, assets, everything. Or you can pitch your game to publisher or platforms like crazy games. If they like your game, they might buy it or license it for the period paying you up front or giving your revenue share. This works especially well if your game is in HTML 5 format or you have a working mobile prototype with a solid design and monetization. This method isn't consistent, but if you're fast and can produce good quality prototypes, it can bring a real income. So, is it possible to make a living out of making games nowadays? Definitely, yes. Is it harder than before? Yes, absolutely. I've been making games since 2017. And since 2022, I've been doing it full-time. Am I rich? No. Was it easy to start doing it full-time? Honestly, no. But is it fun? Oh, yeah. And have I learned a lot since then? Definitely. And let me know in the comments if you know any other ways to make living out of making games. Do you agree or disagree with the ones I've shared? And drop your experience below. And of course, you know what to do with the buttons under the video. Like, comment, subscribe, or push them gently and see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaFuQ3r [82 likes]: The reason why it's getting much harder is because the market is overflowing with copy pasted ai hyper casual trashes and eventually turned it into a digital dumpster.
  2. @browsergameshub [11 likes]: Thank you for the REAL answer, you're very authentic and not making hyped up promises. The hype is in the joy of making awesome games. The business side of it is something completely different.
  3. @TheCultOfMEdotCOM [1 likes]: A ton of useful tips for new game devs! Thanks a lot bro! The best channels for beginners by far!❤
  4. @KevKreates: See. I can’t do this because….for me it turns it into a cash grab. I don’t want my friends and customers to feel…used. When I can push out one GREAT GAME. And instead of paying for advertisements…ask my friends to share it to 6 people they know since we are all 6 degrees of separation. This is my plan for my one game because. I don’t want anyone getting game fatigue from me…
  5. @Home-h3g4o: I mean trying to be a youtuber already answers this. It's pretty hard to make a living without other sources of income.
  6. @Kal-Em: 👍👍👍
  7. @svm409699: Thanks for the honest reality!
  8. @Thefitnesslad: I am quite new to game development but ever since I was a kid I fell in love with the code I used code here and there but very basic stuff i would appreciate it if anyone could teach me the ropes I don’t mind  if I don’t make a living out of it as it’s just more of hobby/fun thing to do but if it turns out to be a income stream I wouldn’t mind that too
  9. @ReelInsights1: how to make games like the one you showing in the video?
  10. @Tikki_Mann: If I’m making a game by myself without a publisher, would you recommend doing a separate YouTube channel or a separate like kickstart for it even if it’s gonna be a mobile game that’s also going to go on Steam?
  11. @ChepoTristan: Thnkyou so much for info
  12. @theotruong5843: Realistically, how much revenue can I expect if my skill level is Flappy Bird or Wordle?
  13. @TheeHiddenTruthh: Ya if you spend 360 years one 1 game
  14. @mikescript: Good day .
Im thinking of starting a career as a game developer and I want to start with board games such as monopoly , please sir any recommendations that I should take and follow because im still confused on which part to following during my learning curve
  15. @pai-mei: First thing first
Just start....
  16. @PrimeEstateRealtors-i2n: How I can start with game development with no experience in Game Dev, but have experience in Programming
  17. @pixel-interactive-art: I'm a solo Dev I've been making games since 2013 sorrowed Souls on Amazon was my 1st game took me 8 years to develop & still I haven't made more then 50 dollars from it I have other small unpolished games like Nelly's coin dash & shark frenzy both on Amazon & Google play but yea the think the key to success is breaking your game into chapter if it's a big one & just create alot of game eventually you'll find the winning formula the grind is brutal though
  18. @pixel-interactive-art: I'm a solo Dev I've been making games since 2013 sorrowed Souls on Amazon was my 1st game took me 8 years to develop & still I haven't made more then 50 dollars from it I have other small unpolished games like Nelly's coin dash & shark frenzy both on Amazon & Google play but yea the think the key to success is breaking your game into chapter if it's a big one & just create alot of game eventually you'll find the winning formula the grind is brutal though
  19. @zerofreespeech3002: I wish you didn't speak so fast it's hard to understand you
  20. @MagicShow-g2i: Hey I'm currently working on unreal engine and wanted to release a mobile game before I release one from unreal engine I was wondering if you could guide me where I could start on a mobile game ? I would greatly appreciate it

- Apps so simple you won’t believe they make money: Kind: captions Language: en Keep it simple, stupid. Today, we're going to be going over apps that do just one thing, but make way more than just $1. In this video, I'm going to actually show you real world examples of very simple apps that make over $100,000 a year, so you can see what it actually takes. So, here's how it works. I got the simple apps database right here. We're going to be going through three of these ideas. And for each idea, we're going to be breaking down why simplicity actually makes these ideas win, how these ideas specifically grew, and what marketing strategies they used, and we'll probably go over a couple other ideas that you could start to based on these examples. If you're also trying to build something similar to the ideas we talk about in this video, well, then definitely check out Starter Story Build. I'll put a link in the description for that. It's basically our program where you'll build an app with AI in about 10 days. But anyways, without further ado, let's get into the list. I got the list right here in front of me. Apps. So simple yet so profitable. Let's jump into the first one right here. And this is staget timer.io. Online countdown timer for remote presentations. It's a countdown timer. And it makes $8,300 a month, which is $100,000 a year. This figure actually needs to be updated uh because we just did an interview on our main channel. If you're not aware, we have the Starter Story main channel and I caught up with the founder of this business. I actually have been watching this business for a while and we decided to do an interview with them. Uh they're now doing $25,000 a month. So, if I go to their case study right here, I noticed that we interviewed them in 2023 and they were doing $8,000 per month. Now, they're doing $25,000 a month. That's cool to see that simple apps are actually growing apps. You might think, okay, you can get it to 8,000, but it can't get bigger than that. Well, that might be wrong. This is cool also because it's two founders, zero employees. So, this is a solarpreneur business. This is a lot of profit, but we got to get into what this app does. What is this simple app? If you're not familiar, if you haven't seen that YouTube video, let's see what this thing actually is. Let's just go check out the website. Let's go check it out. This is stagtimer.io. And this is a remote controlled countdown timer. Show a full screen timer to your presenter while you control it from another device. Okay, I see. Got it. Okay, so this is just a countdown timer. I mean, I'm scrolling through here and that's really what it does. It's a countdown timer. I do not understand right now how this thing can make $25,000 a month. So, let's dig into that a little bit because I got my iPhone right here and look, I just did the same thing that this app does. This is a 45minut timer that I set. So, why does this app make a bunch of money when you can just do it on any phone or probably for using some free app? Let's understand that. Let's go check out the actual case study where we interview these founders and this real business that they built. So this is this is our case study here and this is the first thing I'm saying. Every time I tell friends and family about it, most of them wonder how this can even make money. And you're probably also wondering the same. Yes, I am wondering the same. Well, people that run events could see the Okay, there we go. People that run events could see the value right away. When you watch a TED talk, for example, the presenter has a TV in front of them that shows them a timer so they don't go on and on talking. And that is a little bit of the secret that I see right here, which is okay, I can run my timer right here. This is my 45minut timer and I'm, you know, cooking chicken or something like that. What is the risk involved with this timer not going off or, you know, me going long or going short or something like that? The risk is that my chicken just gets overcooked, which isn't a big deal. I'm not willing to pay for that problem to be solved or to be somewhat marginally better. But if someone's giving a TED talk, that's a business, right? TED, the company that runs TED Talks, is a business and they probably have thousands and thousands of people watching this TED talk and that will be watching it online. And if this speech or whatever it is goes too long, that can affect the business. Then all of a sudden guests are not happy or people that watch it's not going to do well online and these sorts of things. So once you take this simple idea which is a timer and you apply it to a business context then it sort of makes sense. And then I'm also seeing right here that they have a remote controlled version of it. Well I can't remote control my phone or I'm sure I could but that sounds complicated. That's what this app does. So it allows you to create a timer and then remote control it from your browser. And I'm seeing right here that their website also has really really good targeting. And that's something that I look at too and what I think if you're looking for business ideas and that sort of thing, go and see what type of customer they're targeting. You can see right here on their landing page, on their core landing page, on their on their homepage, they're letting people know that 21,000 22,000 video producers and event organizers use this. Netflix, IKEA, Spotify, SpaceX, and all this stuff. So, that is it right there. The timers are important for everyone in probably every business, but they're really, really important for video producers and event organizers. And they built a very niche, somewhat simple product that really, really does a great job for that very, very specific audience. So, that's what I think is really cool about this is they're not building a timer for everyone. They're building a timer for really one type of customer. Let's talk about how they grew. So, the first thing uh I want to know is, okay, you built a timer app. How does this actually grow? So, I'm going to go through this section of how they came up with the idea. And it looks like Reddit was the first thing. And I think that's actually really cool because they didn't like do it with an audience or something like that. Let's go actually check out that Reddit post right here. And let's see what this is really the first Reddit post that they share that they got traction on their business. And you can see right here that okay, this kind of makes sense. This is in the commercial AV subreddit. It has 31,000 members. And AV Audio Video, I'm guessing is some sort of like kind of techy type place for people that run events or they do, you know, audio in video stuff. I don't really know, but I think that's actually cool because there's only 31,000 members in this subreddit. And this is their first post where it got 60 up votes and 34 comments. And that's not like going viral or anything like that. This is what kickstarted their business is them just asking for advice about their presentation timer app that they built. And people said, "Hey, this is cool. I like it. Maybe add this feature. Take this feature away." And now that I remember it, Lucas actually mentioned this to me in the video that we did is that they just went on Reddit. They looked kind of for very, very niche subreddits and they just got the word out about their product and tried to find those kind of first customers. So that is simple idea number one, an online countdown timer. And hopefully it gives you some ideas of how you can take simple ideas and maybe apply them to more of a business or enterprise context. And I think there could be something there. All right, let's dive into the second app we're going to check out. We're just going to go to the second one here. This is called PDF Shift. This is an HTML to PDF conversion API service. And this business makes $8,500 per month. It was built in 90 days. And that seems pretty cool. Let's let's check out the case study and go from there. So, how I developed 3.5K per month. So, when we uh published this article or when we interviewed this founder originally, they were doing $3.5,000 a month. Still decent money for a micro SAS type of thing like this. Uh but now they're doing 8,500 per month. So, the business is growing. Again, I like to see businesses that are growing. This has one founder, one employee. And it looks like they are based out of Paris, France. That's cool to see, too. I love to see European businesses, businesses outside the US. Super cool. And let's see what this does. I'm just going to click this link right here, which you can do in Starter Story, and it will take you to the website. And what we have here is PDF shift from HTML to pixel perfect screenshot in seconds. Our always up-to-date API for developers automates your document conversion tasks effortlessly. And they have some code here which is showing all the code you need to convert this PDF. And this seems like a pretty cool business. Don't think it's too big. I'm looking at their similar web right now. And again, this has 10,000 visits a month, 12,000 visits a month, and 14,000 visits a month. I'm guessing that this is a subscription business. Um, so you don't need a whole lot of traffic. You just need a few customers. And we can kind of see what that might look like by going and checking out their pricing. But really before we do that, um, we can just see exactly what this thing does right here. This is basically an API that allows you to convert some sort of HTML to PDF. So let's say you have a page that is like a receipt for your customers and your customers want a PDF of that receipt. Well, you're just taking that page and you're converting it to a PDF, which is basically the same thing as me going command P, save as PDF. I can convert this to a PDF and save it to my desktop. That's what this is doing, but with an API. So, companies will go and say, "Hey, I need to convert hundreds and hundreds of receipts, and I don't want to pay someone to do this. I don't want to do it manually. I don't want my employees to have to do it. Can I just use your API and pay you a few cents per request?" Something like that. Let's check out their pricing and see how it works. Basically, let's say that I'm a a company and I convert 100,000 documents per month. Say I have a 100,000 receipts that I send to customers. This is going to cost me $249 a month. And that starts to add up when you get to scale, right? So, what I love about this app is it's simple, right? It does one thing, which is convert PDF or which convert HTML to PDFs, but it does that one thing really, really well, and it can do it at scale. There are companies that may pay $1,000 a month. And if you go and look at their revenue, they're doing about $8,000 a month. They may have a few companies that do that. But it does show you, okay, hey, if let's say on average our customers pay us $500 a month, that means you only need 16 customers to have a pretty good business. And that is the power of keep it simple, stupid, right? All this thing does is convert HTML to PDF. They do it well. They do it fast. They do it reliably. and they don't need to do a whole lot else. One thing that I do think is cool is when I was checking out his uh his profile, he has a lot of different apps that he's built and he I think he even said that he had 48 failed projects up to this point. I'll go here and go to transfers.com. This is another app that he's built which is about building profitable side projects. So, it doesn't mean that he's only working on one thing and yet it's boring and simple. He has other things that he's working on, but this website, this app does one thing. It does it really, really well. Keep it simple, stupid. So, okay. So, this is a simple app, but let's understand how this app actually grew because you can build a simple API, but no one's ever going to find it, right? So, let's actually see how they grew this business. Let's look at growing the business. And I'm reading through this right here. And what really worked well for me was Quora. I spent a lot of time answering all the questions related to PDF conversion to HTML, sharing code, point of view, etc. So, I was able to dig up the founders Quora page right here, which I think is super interesting because if you go through this, you can see that he has 72 answers and he found, you know, what is he's answering questions on core? Core is this massive question and answer website, which you're probably familiar with, but looks like he just went and he answered all the questions related to PDF generation. What is the best way to create PDF files with Python? How can I convert HTML to PDF in Laravel? How do I convert HTML report file in PDF? Right? It's 72 answers. It's not that many, but he went through and he answered every single one. This is such a niche, simple app that there's probably not a whole lot of apps that do this. So, for someone who actually needs this, they may go looking for this. They may stumble upon these Quora answers and then potentially become a $500 per month paying customer essentially for life. That is what's really cool about simple businesses is that they're so simple and they're so niche that sometimes they don't have a whole lot of competition. So, all you need to do is kind of be in a few of the right places at the right time. And Quora seems like one of those places, as you can see by this profile that I dug up on him right here. That is not only a simple app, but a very simple growth strategy, which I think is super cool. So, that's the second idea we have right here. A really, really simple API that does one really, really simple thing. I think that's super cool. Let's go to the next one. Okay. And that brings us to our last simple idea. last of many. You can go check out this database if you want to see way more of them. But this one is called Session and it is a focus enhancement app blocking digital distractions. Sort of get what that means, but not totally sure. Uh it makes $8,300 per month. So about $100,000 a year. We got a 91 out of 100 solopreneur score, which I like to see that always. That is our algorithm for calculating good solopreneur ideas. You can check that out on the site. But let's check out this business, what it does. Uh, this is the starter story case study. I built a website blocker that generates $100,000 per year at 95% profit. And that's the type of ideas that we always talk about on starter story. Ideas that you can start that are highly profitable. Don't need VC funding. You can build them from anywhere. And that's one thing I also see right away with this founder. He started this from Jakarta, Indonesia. So that's crazy. Shout out Jakarta. I visited there many years ago when I was a digital nomad. That place is awesome. But I also think that's cool because $8,300 per month in Jakarta is serious money. And that's the coolest thing about building stuff online is that you can do it from anywhere in the world and you can reach people like me in the US as your customers. That's super cool and sort of underrated I think. Okay, let's look at what this app actually does. Session an app that helps you stay focused by distract. Okay, so it's like a website blocker. Let's check out this app and let's actually go test it out. So, start your momentum by focusing in 25 minute sessions. This app right here makes $8,500 a month or just just below that and let's download it. Let's try it out. So, I'm going to download this right here and I'm going to click in open this up. Welcome to session. Start your focus journey. Okay, let's start my focus journey. It's got a little bit of onboarding here. What issues do you have with focus right now? Okay, what am I? I would say this one. Procrastination. I would say procrastination and mental and cognitive distract and social media distraction. I probably have all these, but that's okay. We're going to press next. Next. I want to I want better focus management. Okay, this is taking a long time here. Uh I'm not going to tell you my age. Just kidding. 25 to 34. Okay, this is the app right here. And okay, this app makes sense to me here. This is a Pomodoro timer. And I love Pomodoro timers, but basically what it does is it's a time wrap. Again, here is another timer app, but it's different. And that's what I think is kind of cool is like that last timer app that we talked about was for professionals. This timer app right here is specifically a Pomodoro timer, and it's for people that just want to, you know, block sites and that sort of thing. So, I can start the session right here, and I can write down notes. Hello, my name is Pat. And I can write that. Not sure exactly what that does, but really all it does is it does a Pomodoro timer. And this is just a productivity method that people do. And this is really all it does. I mean, it does look like it has some other features here where it tracks your time. But the core thing right here is just that it's a Pomodoro timer. Helps you get more stuff done. It's very simple. You might be thinking, how can this make money if you could just go on pom focus.io and use it for free? Well, this is proof that you can. There are loads of Pomodoro timers out there. I bet if you went on the app store right now and you looked up Pomodoro timer, there are hundreds of them on there and a bunch of them probably crush it. Here's one little thing that I think is cool is now up here in the top I can see that how much time I have left in my Pomodoro timer. I wouldn't necessarily be able to do that with this. So, the fact that it's a Mac app, people probably like that. They use it and they enjoy it. So, there you have it. a very very simple idea built by a soloreneur that makes that guy Philip Young a great living and a really cool app and kind of proof that you can change your life with a simple idea that makes $10,000 a month. There are tons of more examples on here like this. I've put the link in the description if you want to check out a bunch more of these. But really, I feel like the theme of all this is that you don't need to bloat your app with a bunch of features that nobody is asking for. All you really need to do is to do one thing, do it well, and do it for long enough before you don't give up. Solve problems, keep it simple, and that's pretty much it. All right, if you guys enjoyed this, please check out the link in the description to Starter Story Build. If you want to build simple apps like these, well, that's really our bread and butter. We'll help you come up with an idea, build it with AI tools, and ship it to the real world, so you could potentially have a business idea like we talked about today. Thank you guys for watching. Let me know in the comments what kind of ideas you want to see me cover next. There are thousands of ideas in Starter Story and I love talking about them, diving deep into them with you guys and showing a little bit of that off for the YouTube channel. Thank you guys for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StarterStoryBuild [3 likes]: hey, it’s Pat :) thanks for watching!

quick heads up: we’re running a pretty awesome Black Friday deal on Starter Story Build right now — up to 50% off bootcamps. spots are limited, so here's the link if you want to check it out: starterstory.com/blackfridaybuild
  2. @atomiczookeeper [1 likes]: Total HACK! 
You give your email to get access to the database and Starter Story DEMANDS a $39 dollar upgrade to see the full database. Unsubscribing, this isn't the channel it used to be.
  3. @Fareehahq [1 likes]: What surprised me about the Stage Timer one is how it went from 8k to 25k. That’s a pretty big jump for something so simple. Makes me wonder if they added features or if they just got better at targeting the right customers. Because you’re right - the difference between a consumer timer and a business timer is huge when you think about the actual cost of things going wrong.
The Session app thing is interesting though. I’ve tried like 10 different Pomodoro apps and they all basically do the same thing. So what makes one succeed over another? Is it just app store optimization? Better onboarding? I feel like there’s something missing in the explanation because “do one thing well” can’t be the whole story when there’s 100 other apps doing that exact same thing well.
Also curious how sustainable these are long term. Like once Apple or Google decides to build this feature natively into their OS, does your entire business just die? That Stage Timer seems safer because it’s solving a really specific B2B problem but the consumer apps feel riskier.
Good video though. Actually gave me some ideas instead of just showing off revenue screenshots with no context.
  4. @KadirMedia: Fantastic video !
  5. @alejandroghio3204: thanks for this content, it feels like its all coming together from my years of dev experience
  6. @-._.-._.-._.-._.-._.-._.-._.-8: Genuinely curious: how is stagetimer defensible at all?

Common arguments for it being defensible:
"It isn't just the timer app on your phone, it syncs the time between multiple devices"
> How is this even hard to build for even a cs college student with basic understanding of servers?

"Large companies already use it and found it reliable"
> This is a better argument, BUT if someone cloned it and started reaching out to companies, how would that not bleed away stagetimer's customer base over time when people start realizing there is an affordable alternative.

I'm extremely confused at why companies are paying hundreds per month for this when they can have one engineer from their company spend two hours to write it once and use it forever.
  7. @sweetalert480: 12:58 For the first time, I found an Indonesian guy on this channel.
  8. @FacePuncher-s4f: It's all over now, I can make the same in 15 min using Claude
  9. @kulumbula317: So easy to lie online for clickbait... this is gold lvl BS right here. Who in his right mind will pay for tr4sh tools that are FREE and BETTER. lol
  10. @ritobhasray7426: Are you a NA member? The way you said "Keep it Simple Stupid" would make perfect sense if you are.
  11. @paradoxical5: it's a trap. I registered in this site and there's no way to access this database, plus those are examples of 5 years ago and today's landscape is quite different. Good luck launching a product by answering questions on Quora!
  12. @rohanmanchanda5250: how exactly does the timer towards the end of the video generate money? you just just downloaded and used it for free and I didn't see any ads or paywalls
  13. @aythin: Would love to see their marketing strategy
  14. @adwaitjoshi5406: Your commentary is actually very distracting from the content you’re showing on screen. 

You keep going on these tangents and then randomly come back without explaining why we went on a tangent.
  15. @SHASHIMISHRA-y7i: You made something complicated feel effortless!
  16. @SHASHIMISHRA-y7i: This was masterfully explained, phenomenal job!
  17. @loriehenneke1025: I feel unstoppable after watching this!
  18. @سوسوحبوب-ف2ز: I finally get it, and now I’m unstoppable. Proceed with caution.
  19. @Fareehahq: The Quora strategy for PDF Shift is actually genius and something I never would’ve thought of. Like answering 72 questions doesn’t sound like a lot but when your product is that niche, you’re probably capturing like 80% of the people actively searching for that exact solution. Way smarter than trying to rank on Google or run ads.
  20. @Avobas-g2f: This was nothing short of fantastic!

- App Marketing On A Budget: My Proven $0 To $10k Strategy (2025): Kind: captions Language: en coming up. Want to know a secret app marketing strategy that you can use that can drive tens of thousands of downloads without spending a dollar on marketing? Well, I'm going to show you that and some of our favorite app marketing strategies to help you grow your downloads on a very limited budget. Stay tuned. [Music] What is up app nation? It is Steve P. Young, founder of appmasters.com, the place you go when you want help to grow your downloads and your revenues. We are the most affordable, most effective app marketing agency out there. And today, I want to break down some of the strategies that we love to implement for our clients and for our own apps where we've seen some tremendous success. So, without further ado, let's get started. First off, this is one of my favorite quotes. Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners. All right? Because a lot of times you will follow what other people have done. And for me, the way I think about this is like if you keep focusing on what other people are doing and not what's working for you, then you're just going to be left following everybody else, right? Come up with new strategies. Take what has worked and listen to the audience, listen to the market, and figure out what will work for you. I know a lot of times I hear from people like Cali, I did this using all Tik Tok and influencers, you don't know their numbers. What I can tell you is from firsthand experience, I've worked with apps making 200 $300,000 a month and they're unprofitable. So don't worry about it, right? Don't worry about what other people are quote unquote winners are doing in the market. All right, so let's get started. All right, this strategy and I won't do this for all the strategies, but I will start it off with this is you can learn yourself. It's a built-in distribution channel key if you ever want to exit your app. It's going to be key element to getting acquired and gives you free downloads. So, if you haven't guessed it by now, I'll give you a moment. What do you think this strategy is? App store optimization. It is pretty simple. It's one of the things that we're well known for in this app marketing industry and it's ASO. So for those who aren't familiar, it's SEO for the app store, right? And I want to give you some examples of apps we've helped. So this is an AI app that we launched in 2023. The this is my one of my favorite stories. The founder came to us. We've been working for like three years at this point. Said, "Hey, I've got this idea, Steve." And I was like, "This is a horrible idea. Nobody's wants this." But we did keyword research and we were able to find that, hey, people do want it. And so when we launched the app in March of 2023, we were able to make revenues right away. And that's the power of ASO is really figuring out when you have an app idea, figuring out, are people searching for it? Because he hadn't built it yet. He's like, I got this app idea. What do you think? And I just did keyword research using my favorite tool app follow and was able to find some keywords that we were able to rank for right away and allowed us to drive revenues right away. And so that's the power of ASO is you get to see if there's actually demand for your idea even before you built it. The app has gone on and this is my slide of showing you it is purely through organic the revenues we're making right here app store search. So if you go into apps connect and you see sales by source type you can get that same data for your apps and then this app has gone on to make 90 six-figure business easily in 2024. So the following year we launched in 2023 the following year we're able to make it into close to a six-figure business already. All right, this is just my example of saying like, hey, once you have some traction with ASO, maybe think about other ad channels because this client once we were at around that $7,000, $8,000 mark all purely through organic downloads, we ran some Facebook ads and that's how we were able to get over the 10,000 mark. And you can see this green line is appreer which is normally through ad channels like Facebook, Google, Tik Tok, Instagram included with Facebook. But that's what this green one has gone up. And so when we started running ads for this, what I also want to point out is it also helps your ASO, right? So think about it once you're at a certain point with ASO, think about running ads because that's ultimately going to help your ASO as well. your brand search volume will go up as you start running ads, too. All right. All right. Here's another app that we launched in 2024. Super proud of this one. It's an AI app as well. And this app was making just a few hundred a month. And using some of the strategies, this going to be the my second favorite strategy. We were able to hack downloads and go from $200 a month all the way to $92,000 in 2024. So, we've done some really good job here. It was an app that I was like, I think AI is the future. Obviously, we already knew this in 2023, but I was like, why don't we just call it blank AI, like blank.com, right? Like, everybody wants blank.com. So, it's AI? And we did that and the keywords kicked in. And I'm going to show you how we kickstarted those keywords in my second favorite app marketing strategy. All right, here's another one. Here's an established app. I know I showed you like new apps, but here's an app that was making about $70,000 when they joined us. And then because I love this niche so much and we were able to uncover brand new keywords, they were relying more on their branded keywords that were doing well, which was great, right? Blank AI. We were able to find some new keywords that people were ignoring in this space and we're able to grow it from 70,000 to over six figures a month in sales, right, for this app. And you can see purely through organic search. So, we're making 150. At one point, we're making over $150,000 just through organic search. All right. All right. Here's our app. Again, this was doing nothing. So, for an app that's doing nothing, if you're down there, you're like, "This app is not getting any downloads." Just one keyword change, constantly doing keyword research made this app go from nothing to something and then to for us finally exiting and getting acquired for this app. and the person who acquired it, the buyer reached out to us because of the visibility that we got from ASO. And so that's the importance of it too. Like I was like, okay, cool. I'm I was happy to to sell this one as well. So this is this is why I like this case study. It's like it was doing nothing for the longest time and then finally I found a keyword, went after that keyword, got it, then the app got acquired. So I love that strategy. All right. Now, if you're wondering how to do ASO, I'm going to break down another video, but I'm going to link that some of those videos for you already. ASO for 2025. Find relevant keywords. That is the most important thing. You want highly targeted keywords that are going to actually convert for you. All you got to do is find 6 to 10. Why 6 to 10? Because you can optimize all six to 10 in your US title, subtitle, and MX title, and subtitle. If you're not familiar with ASO, the US app store actually indexes the Spanish Mexico localization. That allows you to essentially by using English in the Spanish Mexican localization, double the amount of keywords that you're going into. And the US actually indexes nine other localizations. And what we found out is if you put English in all those nine categories, those localizations, you will actually have more keyword reach, right? The amount of keywords that you're actually indexed for will actually grow as well by leveraging all those localizations. And the reason why I say 6 to 10 is you can rotate, right? All you need to do is find rank for two two keywords that have at least a search volume of 30 and you got to get to number one. That's the hard part. But if you can get it to number one, you can kick in. You can be one of those case studies that I just highlighted before. All right, this strategy, and I'll go quick on this one. No money necessary, kickstarts any app, scales businesses. We've done it to six figures, and also helps you validate your ideas without spending any money. All right, this is one of my favorite ones. I've been using this since 2014. It is a lifetime free offer. All right, it's gone through different variations, but lifetime free is the best way to run it. We've done it with AI apps. I've done it with my own AI apps. We haven't seen an increase in cost. And I'll show you some of those places where you can run this offer, but it's essentially think about Groupon for apps or AppSumo for apps. It's a great way to there's a built-in audience that is already there and for you to promote your app through a lifetime free offer. All right, so we did this in 2023. I was thinking about a way as a brand new app, how do I get to a 100 ratings really fast? I knew that 1% of the downloads would leave a rating. So, I knew I had to get to 10,000 downloads. How do I get to 10,000 downloads really fast? Well, make a lifetime for free. And that's what we did. So, here's one of the apps we did in 2024 that I already showed you guys from an ASO perspective. We did the ASO, we did the payw wall onboarding optimization, and then we ran the lifetime free offer on App Advice. Okay, so make sure you do the ASO before you do this offer. Make sure you optimize your onboarding and payw wall before you do this offer. Those are the key elements to making sure that you're maximizing your chances of success. So for this app, we did 106,000 downloads within a matter of a couple of days. made a lifetime free offer on app advice. We had 800 new ratings. You were we were asking for it right after the payw wall. You got a lifetime free offer. Hey, want to leave us a review? Most people said yes. So, we got 800 new ratings, 200 in the US, 600 worldwide. And we kickstarted this app. We're able to after the lifetime promo went down, we were able to still generate sales because more downloads were coming in. We're kickstarting the ASO. I was right on the ASO and it helped take this app from making a few hundred bucks to $90,000 within its first year of working with us. And I'm proud to say we're still working with this client as well. Okay, here are the other benefits. Like I told you, more app store ratings. Beautiful. Make sure you ask for it after the payw wall or after they do something cool within your app. It'll kickstart your ASO. That's why we were able to sustain the $90,000 downloads. It didn't just go up. Sometimes it just goes up and goes back down. But this helped just kickstart the ASO users for feedback. You will get emails. Every time I've run this campaign, I will get emails from people being like, "Hey, I missed out on this deal. Can I have it still?" Or, "Have you considered adding this particular feature?" That's what I love too. There you go. And users will email you asking for a deal. And that's when you know you might be on to something, right? They miss out on deal. Can I please still have the deal? They're desperate. I love it. Okay. Makes me feel good. All right. So, here are the platforms that you can use. App Advice being one of them. This is completely free to run on App Advice. You have to do lifetime free though. But you got you can it's completely free to run. So, go check them out, too. I've been friends with them since 20 2014, and I love those guys there, Jen and Tyler. We have Indie App Santa, indie Santa.com. This is a company that we acquired late in 2024 which does very something something very similar. And so app advice you can't be on it too often but Indie App Santa is a paid paid promo and we have some ASO deals there too that you guys can check out. So we can do your ASO your payw wall optimization as well and do the lifetime free all-in-one. So this entire growth hack can be done through India app Santa for us too. So, we purchased this one. And then the last one is a Reddit subreddit called iOS apps. It's one of the easiest ones, my favorite one. You can see this lifetime deal going on. This habit tracker with heat maps is out now 100% free for a limited time. It's another platform where you can promote your lifetime free. Now, to do lifetime free offer, I'll show you another video that I'll highlight, but it's a pretty easy thing to do. It has to be a non-consumable inapp purchase. And within App Store Connect, you can make it for free. Unfortunately, on Google, we haven't figured out a way to make anything for free without some back-end coding. So, that's why I like doing this campaign on Apple. But non-consumable, that's the only non-consumable inapp purchase. It's not a subscription. It's a non-consumable inapp purchase. It's a one-time thing. You buy it once, you get it forever that you can make for free easily within App Store Connect. All right, cool. This strategy, again, I'm not making you do one by one. No money necessary. Again, ASO is a lot easier to get keywords ranked and it's a low hanging fruit and that is localization. Yeah, you know, everything's focused on the US. I'm in the US. I love it. But at the same time, like the world's a huge place. So, here's one of our clients. We localized the price in the UK and we saw tremendous results through that. And so, think about price. Think about the different keywords you're going after. Think about obviously not using English as well. That's all about localization. But what we typically do when working with clients is see where we get downloads, what other countries we're getting downloads. And Germany is one of our favorite ones to target that's non-English-speaking and target that country. Start localizing your ASO. Start localizing your prices as well. And then start to see the impact of it. Here's another same app. Here's what we did in Australia. Australia, you know, $40 in the US is like7 $60. I don't know what the exchange rate is, but it's a lot. And so if it's 40 in the US, make it 40 Australian dollars as well. That's all we literally did here and we're able to see immediate success after that. All right, the next strategy I really like too is Apple ads. We just did a live stream about this before this recording. He was like, the question was like, "What are you using right now? What marketing channels?" Because he used a lot to grow this app to 60 million downloads. And he said, "Apple ads. I love Apple ads." And I'm like, I love Apple ads, too. Because if you're on a limited budget, that's the title of this video. You're not going to have a lot of time and resources to create video assets. So, with Apple Ads, all you need are keywords. Unless you're building a a very unique app where no one's searching for it, Apple ads is a great platform because search intent is great intent and it actually leads to higher conversions for your app, too. All right, here's some elements of App Store Ads. So the visual on Apple ads app discovery starts here. You can see here are the ads. So in search you can see it here. You can bid on certain types of keywords. This is more of a discovery campaign. I would not recommend doing that. I would start with this search results campaign where you can tell Apple here are the keywords that I want you to try to go after. Some numbers behind app store search ads. Industryleading conversion rates over 60% of search results ads. It has from our data, it has one of the highest trial activation, highest conversion rates than any other ad channel because again, search intent is the best intent. All right, here's one of our apps. This is our entire app portfolio. I'm trying to show you guys that in July, we were able to spend just roughly $2,000 on Apple ads and get about a $1.56 cost per install across our entire app portfolio. There's different campaigns that we have under here that I'm not highlighting and I want to try to hide some of the apps that we have to. But you can see we're able to get lowcost installs. Some of these campaigns were meant to try to drive ASO. So that's why you might see a higher cost per install. But we have a great Apple search ads setup that you can only find on our academy. So if you want access to that exclusive secret strategy, you're going to have to sign up for our academy. But check it out. is appmasters.com/academy. Okay. All right. The next one I want to highlight is meta ads. Yeah, you can get started with meta ads on a very limited budget. Now, if you have a,000 to even $3,000, you can get started with just $30 a day. Go on. Because some of my friends in the app space that are app founders that are bootstrap, they'll start with even $10 a day and just to get the data. So, here's one app that I've already highlighted. What I want to really break down here is when the app started making money with ASO, and I kind of highlighted this before, we started running ads to leverage it and to grow it more. So, not only did these meta ads help the ASO, but if you're breaking even on Meta, you're going to have better results because Meta is not tracking the ASO lift that you're actually getting from your Meta ads, too. It's just normal behavior. And the other thing that I want to highlight here is whatever no matter what MMP you're using or if you're just if you're just using the Meta SDK, they will under reportport your exact numbers. So you can see the spend here, it's only we started with just $600 in August and then went up to $3,000. Meta was saying we were getting $250, but when we looked at App Store Connect through appre installs, we were seeing a buck 50. So again, you don't need a lot of volume. And the cool thing about this app was we were pretty much breaking even on Meta. But again, because Meta was running, our app store search downloads were going up, too. So, here's what you do. You go and here's how you can pinpoint for this particular app. You can see that Facebook and Instagram, nothing was happening. No downloads were coming through from App Refer. Everything was primarily through search right here. primarily through this blue line which is app source search. So when we started meta in August, you see this green line going up. That's how you can safely attribute meta your meta installs to this campaign. So that's why we felt very confident that our meta ads were only getting us $1.50 per install and $2 per install. So at $2, we're only spending $3,000 a month and getting $2 per install. And the cool thing is we're not even targeting. You know, the experts would tell you target trials, do broad. No, we did not do any of that stuff. We went interestbased targeting because we're on a limited budget. We wanted to test it out. We knew this audience was probably the most likely to convert and we saw the sales come in despite the fact because I can see sales by source type right here, right? Despite the fact that we weren't targeting the trial event, all the experts would tell you don't do this. But I'm telling you, it works because if you're on a limited budget, it works this well. And especially if you got a niche app, it works even better. We were targeting installs. And because we're a niche and we were serving this particular niche very, very well, we knew an install would convert very, very well on Meta, too. So, that's why I like Meta. Think about meta when you've got some success in the app store and you're looking to grow. All right, I got one bonus one for you. If the math doesn't work, neither will the business. Here's one philosophy after all of this 20-minute video that you've watched, I want you to take away with business is just a simple math formula. That's all it is. Whatever ad platform you're using, whatever tactic you're using, it is it's always a simple math formula. traffic to conversions to average order size or LTV to churn and all you got to be looking for is am I making more money than what I'm spending. That is it. It is that simple of a math. If you can keep it that simple then you'll find success. And that's why we always recommend out of all these channels just really start with one at a time because then you can really get smart with the math. Hey, I drove traffic from Meta. Here's how much conversions we're doing now. Here's how much our revenue numbers are and here's how much we're losing. And here's how much it costs us to get those new numbers. So, you can see if we made 4,000 last month without Meta and we made, I don't know, 8,000 and we only spent 2,000, well, we're 200% rorowass. Those numbers aren't always going to be accurate, meaning like you're not going to get achieve that crazy of a rowass. But that's how simple you need to keep it. And you too many times we think too many we add too many variables and we make things complicated for just just keeping it this super simple. And that's what I try to do right with all these little spreadsheets and templates that I build out all here right here. This is all that you got to pay attention to. Downloads. How many of those downloads are activating trial? Of those trials, how many are actually paying me? How much am I charging and how much am I able to make? Now, I'm this math formula is super simple. I'm not taking account LTV. Meaning, if I get a yearly subscription for $30, I'm not keeping an eye that it's probably $45, right? But that's why I'm keeping the math simple. And so, this is why I like that spreadsheet. And every time I show people the spreadsheet, they tend to love it. All right, if you want access to the spreadsheet, again, all this is in the Appmasters Academy. But if you want to work with us, we'll kind of highlight all that for you as well. All right, that is it. Do me a favor. Let me know which one is your favorite strategy and which one you want me to expound upon. Which one do you want me to go into detail and really break down how we do it step by step? And I will do that for you in an upcoming video. And if you're looking for an app marketing agency that does it all and does it all now, we do things certain things very very well. And so if you need help with your ASO, your Apple search ads, and your payw wall optimization and help with some of the meta ads to it too, go check it out. It is appmasters.com. Till next time, I'll see you on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TalesMeowgic [5 likes]: i would love to see if you can arrange ASO tactics and strategies for both play store and app store
  2. @megasolutions5413 [1 likes]: I quit 2 minutes in. You ciuld have said all this in half the time
  3. @taod6022 [1 likes]: Cool . l 've learned a lot. Try my business:trophy-yellow-smiling:
  4. @amdevelopers1446 [1 likes]: Simply Amazing. Love from Pakistan Steve
  5. @gonzalopena3427 [1 likes]: Thanks fot the video Steve! I would love to see a video series (playlist) of all this strategies in depth, breakdown step by step. But if I had to pick, I would like to see ASO strategy. How to choose the right keywords, why those keys etc...
  6. @salmanurrahman360 [1 likes]: Amazing strategies Steve, will definitely use them in my upcoming app ❤
  7. @SamzoidYT: bro needs some floss lol
  8. @gh-learn324: Do you have content on how to get acquired?
  9. @Sintiaa-g6y: you can get almost free traffic from ipweb
  10. @sayarilaha3161: do you know about ipweb service for promotion?
  11. @VedicW: have you ever heard about ipweb?,
  12. @Ayan-o9m-x2i: Ipweb is the cheapest tool to promote apps.
  13. @reemoore596: So helpful!!
  14. @loot6: You didn't mention keyword installs. I remember in the past you were very big on those and insisted they still work, you even said you didn't think it was possible to rank without also using keyword installs. Has your position changed on that?
  15. @playnlearnapps: Hi Steve, great video.  I have a question about App Advice, when we did that for our app we got aa message form apple saying that we were going against there terms of service because of suspicious activity (too many downloads) has this happened to you and is it something that we should worry about?
  16. @PavelMaz-t3q: Amazing fact! Is cool to see what others are doing, but you are right that as we don't know the numbers, maybe there don't even get profits!
  17. @GrifinsBrother: how do you keyword research in app store?
  18. @bilck: Hi Steve!
When mentioning ASO, you mention only US and MX at 7:10

Why only MX if you have other languages available? (PT, Arabic, Chineses, etc)
Does MX have a higher priority or something like that?
  19. @TheMissionalNomad: Good video
  20. @brunovercosa7119: You are absolute right about that quote. I don't really appreciate this new influencers generation. They love to inflate their ego.

- How to Market Your App in 2026 (Step-by-Step for Beginners): Kind: captions Language: en Here's a scary statistic. Right now, there are over 5 million apps on the App Store and Play Store. And do you know how many of them never cross the thousand download mark? Almost 90%. Most founders spend months, sometimes years building the perfect product. They wait for millions to roll in and they hear absolutely nothing, just crickets. See, the problem isn't your code or your design. The problem is that you're marketing your app like it's 2015. But we are approaching 2026. The game has changed completely. So, if you want to survive today, you don't just need a launch. You need a system. A system that brings users in, keeps them hooked, and makes them tell their friends. See, in this video, I'm going to walk you through exactly how to market your app step by step. No fluff, no just post on Instagram generic advice. These are actual strategies that will scale and help you generate more revenue. And listen closely because strategy number six is my absolute favorite. It is the single most underrated growth hack that most founders ignore. So, make sure you stick around for that one. Okay, let's get into it. Strategy number one is what I call the velvet rope. This happens before your app is even live. So, instead of launching to everyone, you create a weight list. But not just boring email signup form, you create exclusivity. People want what they cannot have. Psychologically, if you tell someone you cannot have this yet, they want it even more. Look at the Robin Hood app. Before they wrote a single line of production code, they put up a simple landing page. It said commissionfree stock trading. stop paying for your money. But here was the genius part. When you signed up, you saw a number. You are 5,000 number on the list. But then there was a button. Invite a friend to move up the list. This simple hack got them 1 million signups before they even launched. They gified the waiting line. So here are a few action steps for you to implement this today. Number one is to build a simple landing page. You can use card or framer. Number three is to use tools like viral loops or weight list API. Number three is to give users a reason to share, like an early access or a premium badge. A most common mistake that people make is waiting until the app is 100% finished to start doing this. That's wrong. Start today, even if the app is just a sketch on a napkin. And here's a quick win for you. Go to Reddit communities where your problem exist. Post I'm building a tool to solve X. Who wants beta access? Don't sell anything. Just have a simple ask and you'll see a conversation starting there. Strategy number two is ASO 2.0. App Store optimization, but in 2026, keywords aren't enough. See, ASO 2.0 is the SEO for app store. But the algorithm has shifted from keyword stuffing to visual conversion. The reason why this works is because 65% of the downloads still come from search, but people don't read descriptions anymore. They look at the icon, they look at first two screenshots and the video, and if those three things don't sell them in 3 seconds, they're gone. Let's talk about the app Calm. They realized that people were not just reading or searching for meditation. They were searching for sleep, anxiety, and relax. They optimized their screenshots to show results, a peaceful night's sleep rather than just showing the app interface. They basically won the search game by focusing on the feeling rather than the features. Here are the action items for your app to implement today. Your icon must pop against white and black background. Your title should be brand name plus main keyword. For example, Uber request a ride. Basically using a keyword within your name. Number three is your screenshots. They should have large text overlays explaining the [music] benefits. I've seen a lot of people making a mistake that the founders is that they use raw screenshots of your app interface without any text. Well, nobody knows what those buttons do. Tell them why should the users care. So, here's a quick win for you. Change the first screenshot this week. Make the text huge and focus on the number one pain point that your app solves and you'll watch your conversion rates bump up by 5 to 10%. Okay, the strategy number three is the founder content engine. In 2026, people don't buy from faceless brands, they buy from people. They want to see behind the scenes, the struggle, the coding late at night, the wins and the losses. See, it builds massive trust. And trust lowers your CPA cost per acquisition. When people root for you, they download your app to support you. There's an app called Locket Widget. The founder documented the entire process on Tik Tok. He didn't make ads. He just made videos saying, "I made this app for my girlfriend so we could send photos to each other's phone." And it felt real. It felt raw. It went viral. He got millions of downloads for $0 in ad spend. So, here's what you can do to implement this today. Pick one platform, LinkedIn, Tik Tok, or X. Document. Don't create. Just show what you're working on today. Share the failures. I just crashed the server. Well, that will get more engagement than just saying we are now live. See, the problem is that people try to look like a big corporation. Stop that. Be a human. Use your phone camera. I don't think there's any fancy editing needed. Here's a quick win for you. Post a day in life building your app video on Tik Tok or reals tomorrow. It could be just a basic video, but just get started with it. Okay. Strategy number four is micro influencer seeding. What does that mean? Let me explain it to you. See, micro influencer seeding is getting lots of small creators to talk about your app. At the same time, we aren't talking about Kim Kardashian level influencers. We're talking about creators with 5,000, 10,000, even 50,000 followers. See, these audiences are highly engaged and because they are smaller, they are more affordable. Plus, the algorithm sees multi people talking about you at once and thinks, "Hey, this seems to be trending." Gym Shark did this really well with their apparel and dating apps like Bumble did this perfectly on college campuses. They found the popular kids micro influencers on campus and gave them free merch to use the app. Suddenly, it seems everyone was using the app. So, here are the action steps for you. Search relevant influencers on Tik Tok or Instagram. DM 50 creators. The script. Hey, I built this cool app that helps with problem. I think your audience would love it. Can I give you a free premium account if you just give me your honest feedback? Basically, get the conversation going and if they like it, you can ask them to post about it. One big mistake that people make is paying huge fees for one big influencer. See, it's a gamble. Spread your bets across 20 small ones instead. Okay, we've covered a lot already, and we're just getting started with the heavy hitters. But before we go too far, I've got a very simple ask. And look, I'm not here to sell you anything right now. It would honestly help the YouTube algorithm if you drop a quick comment below. Tell me which city you're watching from, your app name, or idea, or any question that you have. I read through all of the comments, and it really helps this video reach more founders like you. And hey, if you're genuinely getting value so far, please don't forget to hit subscribe. Okay, enough of that. Let's keep going. Strategy number five is viral loop mechanics. What is that? Well, let me explain. It's building the marketing engine within your app. This is where every user bring in at least one new user. And the reason why this is critical is because paid ads are expensive. But on the other hand, viral growth is exponential and it's free. And as always, Dropbox is the classic example of this. They said, "Get 500 MB of free storage for every friend you invite." It spiraled their viral growth. Take another example, Tik Tok. When you share a Tik Tok video, it has watermark and bouncing logo at the end. Every time a user shares the content, they're running an ad for Tik Tok organically. So, what are the action steps for you? Number one is to incentivize the share. Give them more storage, more credits or any special access. Number two is to make sharing frictionless. One tap share to WhatsApp or social. Instagram has done this really well now with reals. Number three is to ensure the person is receiving the invite gets immediate value. And you know what is a common mistake that people make here? The apps were asking the users to invite friends before they have even used the app. Wait until that ureka moment and then you ask the users to invite their friends. Okay. Strategy number six and this is my absolute favorite strategy. I call it the retention as marketing. See, most people think marketing is about getting new users. But in 2026, keeping a users is the best marketing because high retention signals the app store algorithms to rank you higher. Remember, churn kills apps. Retention builds empires. Think about Spotify wrapped. Once a year, Spotify dominates social media. Why? Because they took user data retention and packaged it into a sharable story. They made the product experience so personal that users want to brag about it. They turned usage data into a marketing campaign. So what's the takeaway for you? Gamify the experience. Streaks, badges, levels. Think Duolingo. Number two is to push notification, but use it smartly. Don't spam. Number three is to create sharable milestones. For example, you just completed your 10th workout. At this point, prompt the user to share it on a story. Quickest win for you is to implement a streak counter in your app. It sounds silly, but people hate breaking streaks. And speaking of retention and scaling, this is something we see constantly with clients we work with. I run an app marketing and automation agency called AppStack and we've helped over 300 plus apps grow, generating millions of downloads across different verticles. And the one thing that separates the winners from losers, it's data. It's understanding where the leaks are in your bucket. At Abstack, we don't just run ads. We look at your entire funnel from the first click to 30-day retention mark. Because you can pour water into a bucket, but if your holes in the bottom, you'll never fill it up. You don't need a massive budget to start, but you do need that mindset. So, fix the bucket before you turn on the hose. All right, strategy number seven is community first growth. What does that mean? Well, moving your users off the app and into a space where they can talk to each other because app is a utility. A community is an identity. If you build a community, your users will answer support tickets for you. They will give you feature ideas. They'll become your army. Notion isn't just a note-taking app. It's a cult. They have notion ambassadors. They have Reddit threads, Discord servers, and Facebook groups entirely run by users. Marketing becomes self- sustaining. So, what are the action steps for you? Number one is to start a Discord or a Slack group for your beta users. Number two is to be active in those groups every single day. And three is to give your power users a status. For example, make them moderators. And don't make the common mistake that most people make is that creating a community and then letting it become a ghost town. You have to spark the fire daily until it burns on its own. And finally, strategy number eight, paid ads but done the right way with UGC, user generated content. Gen Z and alpha user bases have banner blindness. If it looks like a polished ad, they scroll. If it looks like a girl in her bedroom talking about a problem, they watch. So what works is running ads on Tik Tok reels or YouTube shots that look like organic videos. Look at almost any top grossing game or utility app right now. The ads are usually a person holding a phone pointing at the screen saying, "I can't believe I didn't know about this sooner." It feels native to the platform. So what can you do about it? Well, don't hire a fancy production studio to start with. Send your app to five creators. Pay them to make a reaction video or a video while they're using the app. and then run those videos as ads and test it. The number one mistake that most founders make is overproducing. High production value often equals low conversion on Tik Tok. Keep it raw. So, here's a quick win for you is to record yourself while using the app. Talk about the app with a voice over, the problems and the solution and run the test ad for let's say just $20. So, there you have it. Here's a quick recap. Number one is the Velvet Rope weight list. Number two is the ASO 2.0. Three is founder content. Four is micro influencers. Five is viral loops. Six is retention marketing. Seven is community. And eight is UGC ads. See, marketing an app in 2026 isn't about one magic button. It's about stacking these strategies on top of each other. It is going to be hard work. There will be days when you want to quit. But if you build a great product and use these systems, you will find your users. And look, if you're sitting there thinking, "This sounds great, but I just want to focus on building an amazing app. I don't want to deal with all the marketing headache. Well, that's exactly what we do. My team at AppStex specializes in taking great apps and blowing them up. If you want us to take a look at your current strategy or do a free audit of where you're losing your users today, check the link in the descriptions. You can book a strategy call or just DM us. Go build something amazing today and I'll see you in the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pulsepicksstore: Thank you
  2. @Pulsepicksstore: This was great information thanks for the lesson🫡😁👍
  3. @VidCast364: Thank you for this i find marketing very hard for me for my app
  4. @ThunderBirde: Bet, what d you think about an app to share memes i, but you get paid to do i depending on how viral your meme is

- 10 Proven App Marketing Strategies to Drive Installs & Retention in 2024: Kind: captions Language: en So you want to increase and retain your app user base, but not sure where to start. Well, you're not alone. A big reason apps fail is because they can't get enough installs. And to make matters worse, one in two apps are uninstalled within the first month or is never used. But I'm here to help you stop that from happening. Hi, I'm Raphael, and I'm going to show you how to create an unstoppable app marketing strategy that will draw users to your app and the biggie, keep them there. First, before you create an app marketing strategy, you need to know who your audience is, what other apps you're up against, and the market conditions. Then use that base to create a strategy that addresses your target audiences needs, pain points and interests. Now remember, your strategy is the bigger picture of what you're going to do, and then within that, are the tactics you can use to help achieve your goals. So let's break that down into three stages that fit with your buyer's journey, awareness, acquisition and retention. Make sure to stay tuned until the end to see how these strategies are going to charge up your app marketing ROI. Now let's dive into stage one, awareness. Publishing your app on an app store is not enough to drive installs because you're competing with millions of others. You need to let people know your app is out there in the first place. So here are nine powerful tactics you can use to do that. First of all, create a website or app landing page. Now, having a dedicated space like this helps you get across your app's value to potential users and provides a clear call to action to download your app from the app stores. Then focus on a couple of social media platforms that suit your audience best, whether it's Twitter, Tik Tok, Meta or Instagram, build a relationship with your users and offer them valuable content as well as useful information about your app. Next up, create your content marketing and search engine optimization strategies. For your content marketing choose topics and formats your target users will engage with. Take Etsy. They know sellers want to boost sales so they create blogs and bite sized content around things like social media marketing and how to attract new followers. Oh, on the topic of building authority, guest blogging on a publication in your niche is a great way to drive traffic back to your site while increasing brand credibility. Then comes ASO which stands for App Store optimization. This is how you're going to improve your app's visibility in the App Store. ASO helps you boost installs, so you'll want to research the right keywords to use across all of your content. By the way, there's a lot to know about ASO, so make sure to check out our video on how to create a winning strategy in the description below. Now, did you know that almost two thirds of consumers trust influencers over brands? Harsh, but true. So what can you do? Find influencers that your target audience follows. Now they don't have to be the biggest influencer in town, but they need to have an engaged audience in the niche market that fits with your app. And then... the ancient art of PR. Getting your app in the media can have massive payback, but you want to do it properly. So either put time aside to write solid pitches and press releases or think about getting a professional to do it for you. Pro tip? Sign up for HARO, which stands for help a reporter out and pitch your app there. And one final tip, apply for awards. Nice. It's a great way to get your app noticed. And who doesn't want to call their app award winning? Okay, so you've made your app known. Now it's time to work out a marketing strategy that will get more users downloading it. You can drive installs through organic and paid channels. I'm going to show you five awesome ways that you can do this. First up, launching paid ads on platforms like Tik Tok, Meta and Google. Use these channels to drive your traffic to your app and keep that target audience front and center when you're thinking about where to spend your budget. On all of these platforms it helps to focus your ad on one simple action you want people to take. Whether that's boosting likes and shares, downloading content or making purchases. You'll also want to get your app analytics and measurement tools in place. It's super important when it comes to analyzing your results later. Armed with this insight, you can double down on the channels are working and cut back on the ones that aren't. Next, free stuff. Yay! Most people expect a trial period. Once they've downloaded your app for free you'll get two things. Installs and insights. Analyze how your users are engaging with your app and use those insights to help your users quickly understand your app's unique value. Next up, promos and competitions. Now, both of these tactics are engaging ways to entice customers who don't convert straight away to come back to your app. Use things like discount pricing, limited time offers or giveaway contests. You can partner up with another business to offer competition prizes and use tools to create contest pages and automate the process. Another way to acquire users is referral marketing. This means offering users rewards by referring their friends to your app. This is also where viral loops come in. You create something your users want to share with their friends, then their friends want to share it with their friends... you get where I'm getting this right? In a minute, we're going to talk about how to keep all of these new users as well but in the meantime, I have one more tactic for you to use, social proof. Quiz question for you. If you make something bulletproof, what does it mean? Well, according to the slang dictionary, it's something that's safe from failure, something without errors or shortcomings and beyond criticism. Sounds like what you want for your app, right? It’s people saying good stuff about your app and it matters. Did you know that eight out of ten users check an app's ratings and reviews before downloading it? They're looking for social proof that your app is worthwhile. So to boost your ratings and reviews, ask users to leave feedback on your app. You can do this by sending an in-app message or notification or email after they've used your app. Try getting an influencer to endorse your app because this is a kind of social proof too. Want to know why most apps don't succeed and how to avoid this unfortunate outcome? It's coming right up. Some of the biggest reasons apps fail is down to lack of user engagement. That can play out as low numbers of active users, low user retention and a high uninstall rate. So let's look at three tactics that will keep users engaged with your app. First, you want to develop a killer onboarding strategy. Onboarding is a series of steps your user takes when they first open your app. So think about, look and feel and make sure it's user friendly, value packed and intuitive. Let me give you an example. eBay understands its customers are there to shop, so it gets straight to the point. Users open the app and use the dashboard to search for things quickly and intuitively. They don't even need to create an account until they're ready to buy. Then you want to think about running re-engagement campaigns, things like timely in-app messages, push notifications, SMS and emails that offer value added content with clear call to actions. This is a little bit like your app putting its hand in the air and waving at the user saying, “Hey, do you remember why you download me in the first place?” Grubhub, the food delivery app, had 33.8 million active users last year. The reason behind their success? Part of their app marketing strategy was about running creative re-engagement campaigns, including crunching a significant volume of data around their customers ordering activity so that they could send out more personalized communications. Finally, you want to make sure you listen to customer feedback and feature requests so you avoid churn. Churn is the percentage of users who uninstall or stop engaging with an app over time and users churn if your app doesn't have the features they want or need, so ask the people what they want. You can get feedback by sending out regular surveys via push notifications or email campaigns and offer rewards for users who fill them out. But don't send too many too often or you'll end up getting the opposite of what you're after. Last but certainly not least, make sure you've got your analytics and measurement framework set up so you can monitor and optimize your campaigns and improve performance. This is essential. I cannot stress this one enough people. How else are you going to make sure that amazing new app marketing strategy of yours is doing what it's supposed to? Before you go, do you think you can guess the other big reason apps fail? Yeah, I know, I’m obsessed. They're not generating any revenue or profit. So in the next video, I'm going to help you uncover the top five app monetization strategies to boost revenue. In the meantime, stay tuned and subscribe to our channel as we have more videos just like this created to help you get better at marketing results. And if you've got questions about today's video, comment below. Thanks for watching. And see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @connla-p2y [1 likes]: This really highlights how crucial community and personalized experiences are for sustainable app growth; thanks for the actionable strategies to build those lasting relationships with our users. It's all about fostering loyalty, not just downloads.
  2. @shone-n2n [1 likes]: The emphasis on personalization and community is spot on; thanks for providing these actionable strategies to cut through the noise and truly connect with users in 2024.
  3. @krastonkimbrough: Finally, someone talking about long-term strategy! Building a community through personalization is the only way to truly stand out in the app store thes
  4. @dreamchaser5274: Most informative video:hand-pink-waving::trophy-yellow-smiling:
  5. @arnclaytor: Excellent points about shifting from simply acquiring downloads to cultivating a thriving, personalized community! Definitely some actionable strategies to implement and foster lasting user loyalty. Thanks for sharing!
  6. @lakesha-w5c: Finally, a strategy focused on the human element! Building a strong community through personalization will definitely be a game-changer for app success in 2024. Time to connect with our users on a deeper level.
  7. @rouvin-u2t: The shift towards community-driven personalization is spot on; it's all about building lasting relationships, not just accumulating downloads. Thanks for the actionable insights on fostering a thriving user base in 2024!
  8. @arseenio-b9j: Finally, a video that understands app marketing is about building *relationships*, not just racking up installs! The tips on community and personalization feel incredibly relevant for success in 2024. Definitely subscribing for more actionable insights!
  9. @Ma_moody: Great advice but your chronological order is a bit confusing
  10. @LizNichole-w9c: Thank you very much so much for this video. It was very instructive.
  11. @CynthiaOrne-f6n: Retention is king in 2024's app market! I appreciate the emphasis on personalization and community; those feel like the most impactful ways to stand out and build a loyal user base.
  12. @wilmot-q2g: Loved the emphasis on retention strategies and community building—essential for navigating the crowded app market in 2024! Definitely will be prioritizing personalization to foster a stronger connection with our users. Thanks for the practical tips!
  13. @Jennifer-o3w2r: Excellent points on personalization and community! Retention is definitely where the real battle is won in today's market, so I'll be prioritizing that in our app strategy too. Thanks for the insightful content!
  14. @ErikaHernandez-m4n: Very interesting
  15. @rothstein-m3z: Great overview of app marketing for 2024! Focusing on retention strategies seems especially crucial in today's competitive app landscape.
  16. @ameline-j3s: Fantastic insights! Definitely implementing some of these strategies for our upcoming app launch. Hoping to see better results in user acquisition and retention this time around.
  17. @MicheleCarter-p8p: Thank you so much for this video. It was very interesting.
  18. @AmandaThomas-t4r: Very instructive
  19. @KathyCeres-o6d: Very interesting
  20. @DebbieSimmons-l2d: Thank you very much.

- Xcode 26.4.1 the App Store Deadline, and the iOS Job Market: April 2026 Breakdown: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the April 2026 iOS developer briefing. >> [music] >> This month has been one of the most significant for toolchain updates in years. >> We have four critical updates that every iOS developer needs to know about before they open Xcode tomorrow. >> Each one affects your pipeline differently. The biggest one is a hard submission block hitting on April 28th. [music] If your CI isn't ready, your next upload will fail immediately. We also have a silent crash issue in production code that's been affecting async functions since Swift 6.2. We'll show you the fix. And later, I'll share three numbers from the job market that explain exactly why the career landscape has changed for senior engineers. If you want to stay ahead of the curve and skip the noise, subscribe now. Let's dive into story one. Story one, the April 28th App [music] Store mandate. This is a critical toolchain requirement for all Apple platforms. >> Every app or game uploaded to App Store Connect must now be built with the iOS 26 SDK [music] or its equivalent for VisionOS and watchOS. To be clear, this is a toolchain requirement, not a UI mandate. You don't have to adopt Liquid Glass yet, but you must compile with Xcode 26. Operationally, this means your CI runner must be updated. Archives produced by older Xcode versions will be rejected at the gate. >> Check your runner configuration immediately. Ensure Xcode select points to version 26 and verify your fastlane gym flags. Do a smoke test with a TestFlight build today. Don't wait until April 29th to discover a broken pipeline in your production branch. Story two, >> Xcode 26.4.1. This point release is more important than it looks, especially for async code. It addresses a MetricKit crash on older OS versions and a critical memory safety bug in the Swift concurrency runtime. The bug involves stack allocation in async functions. It causes freed pointer crashes, >> particularly in Swift async let finish. Why now? The optimizers in Swift 6.2 and 6.3 became much more efficient, which unfortunately exposed these pre-existing bugs. MetricKit apps built with 26.4 would crash on devices running anything below iOS 26.4 due to missing symbols. The fix is [music] simple. Rebuild with Xcode 26.4.1. This is now available on all major CI platforms, including [music] CircleCI. Story three, Swift 6.3.1. Released on April 17th, this patch is bundled inside the latest Xcode release. Beyond the async fix, it resolves a Windows LLDB library path issue and a narrow but annoying bug in Swift testing. If you had a domain model named comment, the expect macro would fail to build. 6.3.1 fixes this conflict. For cross-platform teams, the LLDB fix on Windows is huge. It restores debugger functionality on no asserts toolchains. Story four, Xcode 26.5 beta. This update introduces the biggest change to StoreKit since the original StoreKit 2 release. The new pricing terms model allows you to handle 12-month commitment billing plans directly through the SDK. This architecture eliminates the need for hardcoded pricing strings. You can pull commitment metadata live from Apple's servers. Watch out for a known issue in the beta, SKTestSession may ignore your configuration. There is a documented workaround. Now, let's talk about the iOS job market. The numbers for April 2026 tell a very specific story about our industry. Number one, specialist job postings are down 60%. This [music] isn't a dip, it's a long-term shift in hiring. Number two, productivity tools like SwiftUI means smaller teams can now achieve the same throughput as massive UIKit teams. >> The result? Junior roles are compressing, but the demand for senior engineers who own the entire pipeline is surging. In 2026, standard [music] senior software engineer salaries in the US are reaching around $185,000, while US-based senior contractors can command rates of up to $180 per hour. The floor of this market is crowded. The ceiling is still wide open. >> In 2026, your best career hedge is investing in deep architecture. Define clear layers, >> design for modularity, and build CI/CD from day one. To recap, update your CI to Xcode 26, rebuild for memory safety, and start testing those new subscription APIs. Subscribe to stay ahead, hit the thumbs up, and join the Code Hero community. I'm Code Hero. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonytrejodev: This month was not noise — it was signal.

If you’re shipping iOS apps in 2026, these changes affect you directly:
• App Store iOS 26 SDK mandate
• Swift 6.3.1 async crash fix
• StoreKit subscription changes
• Real job market data

Watch this before your next release.

Which one hit your team the hardest? 👇
  2. @ajkhost: Hey bro I need your WhatsApp number or instagram ID or other social platform please

- How I Built It: $40K/Month iPhone App: Kind: captions Language: en so my mobile app puff count is currently doing $40,000 per month in recurring Revenue I honestly don't think you need any experience to build mobile apps because to be H like I didn't have any how did this guy build a $40,000 per month mobile app with no coding experience well it's all because of his unconventional approach to shipping marketing really is 95% of the success of a mobile app Steven creada started his journey as a typical online entrepreneur jumping from one business model to another while not seeing really any success with anything but one day he stumbled upon mobile apps and immediately recognized the opportunity not a lot of people are doing mobile apps right now but it's a lot easier than a lot of people think to get into it's UNT so I gave Stephen a call and asked him about his business and how anyone can start building similar profitable mobile apps from scratch luckily he shared his entire process how to find and validate your idea how to build an app with no experience and how to Market and monetize it all right let's get into it I'm Pat walls and this is starter story what's up Stephen it's exciting to have you thanks for joining the show can you tell me a little bit more about yourself and the business that you built yeah sure I'm Steven kada I build Viral mobile apps I've amassed over 12 million downloads on my apps in total I'm working on an app right now called Puff count that is currently doing $40,000 in monthly recurring Revenue so this is the last 30 days of sales for puff count as you can see we did $43,000 in sales if we look at the last 90 we have done just over $112,000 in sales so before we get into how people can actually start building these apps can you tell us what you really like about this business model with apps there's unlimited scale you can reach anyone on the planet and all you have to do is build it once and you can sell it a million times so it's unlike any other business in that way but also it's a lot easier than a lot of people think to get into with no code tools and with upw work you can build these apps in less than a month and there's templates online so you can start you don't have to start from scratch anymore the biggest misconception people have is that like it's hard to get into so like not a lot of people are doing mobile apps right now it's untapped but I honestly don't think you need any experience to build mobile apps because to be H like I didn't have any I don't design anything I don't develop anything I just have the idea and I know how to put a team together like you just need to be driven and not not give up on your idea got it okay let's talk about how you can actually build something like this step by step everything starts with an idea right can you share your ideation process I take mental notes of problems that I experience in my day-to-day life if you're building an app from the position of solving a problem for yourself you become the ideal user and that makes you so much better at creating the product and making it useful for the people you're trying to reach if you can solve a problem for someone and you can kind of take them through this transformation whether it be weight loss dieting quitting vaping if you can improve someone's life they are going to love your product and the marketing becomes much easier as well right because you can be like hey you have XYZ problem here's the solution so everything becomes easy if you're solving a problem for someone Steven is the perfect example of how someone with zero experience turned a simple idea into thousands of dollars but that came with knowing the right information and having the right problem to solve now imagine there was a place that gave you all this the problems to solve the blueprints to solve them and the strategies that turn simple ideas into million-dollar online businesses well that's what you're going to get at starter story it's a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this all backed by data from real entrepreneurs so if you're serious about building a profitable side project head to the first link in the description and we're going to give you 52 micro SAS ideas just like Stevens so you can get started on your journey right now okay so scratching your own itch is definitely the way to go if you want to find a painful problem but what do you do after you get the idea for your app how do you actually validate it's an idea worth building I did market research I looked at sensor Tower looked at other you know quit drinking or quit smoking cigarettes apps and I saw that they were crushing it looked at Google Trends saw that vaping was on the rise and then probably the most important part was I looked on Tik Tok I saw that Vape videos were going super viral on Tik Tok but I think where a lot of young entrepreneurs especially fall short is they they give up on the idea too quickly if you have a good idea and it solves a problem for people like commit to it just like me for puff count the first four to 6 months I didn't make any money it was only after I locked in the marketing like marketing is 90% of being successful and validating an idea all right we'll definitely touch on the marketing later but for now let's focus on building the app what do you do after the idea is locked in what I do is I brain dump everything so I get on Google Docs and I brain dump all the ideas all the features that I want in the app I put all the competitors there and I kind of write out you know what I think the app should do and then from there I literally take a piece of paper and a pencil and I start to sketch out the app when you're looking at these competitors and you're seeing who's making money in your niche in the Market On the App Store you should be taking note of everything their features their onboarding their UI that will give you a good guide into what a get app looks like and then you take those sketches and you upload them to a site called 99 designs you upload sketches and you say here's the app here's the premise of it here are the features make my app come to life and you'll have 50 60 sometimes 70 plus professional UI designers all submit their idea of what your app should look like this is how I develop the UI for literally all of my apps okay and what about turning that design into an actual working app how do you build it with no coding experience you go on to upwork and you look for a developer you can price it based on like the complexity of your app for an app like puff counts fairly straightforward couple main features you get that done for less than 5 grand right you can get the MVP out there I recommend only hiring developers from Eastern Europe they're going to give you the best quality code for a cheaper price once you have your developer that you'd like to go with you do it on a per project completion basis so I don't pay anyone per hour I pay them when the app is complete it's on the store there's no bugs but 100% you can build an app for less than $1,000 you can go to a website called theme forest and you can download pretty decent starter template for any app out there and again you know just launching an MVP like keep it simple and if your budget is tighter like the simpler your app the better and how do we trust the developer what if they steal the idea for our app it's never been a problem for me and also your ideas are worth absolutely nothing and more likely than not the idea that you have for this app already exists so like the idea is out there you just have to trust someone I always take like a 15-minute interview call with with the people that I like from the applicants on upwork I get their Vibe I see are they coming to the table with more ideas for my app do they seem excited about it how they present but you have to get past that fear of hiring someone online that you don't really know like that's part of being a Founder is finding great talent trusting them and iterating as you go okay now let's talk about the elephant in the room marketing share your strategy marketing really is 95% of the success of a mobile app and Tik Tok is the best way to Market any app the only thing you need to be successful on Tik Tok is you need to know how to do market research so that's exactly what I did I went on Tik Tok I typed in vaping and I saved all of the most viral videos there and I put them into a spreadsheet so I could really understand what the hook was what the value was how they were shooting the content for example this one that got 8.3 million views drove tens of thousands of downloads for puff count I saw a viral video this guy had like 20 million plus views taking apart a vape so I was like okay cool I'm going to use the same concept and I'm going to show people exactly what are in a vape and then at the end conveniently call to action baby nothing crazy I think we're lot of people go wrong is like they'll make the entire video about their product and they'll talk about the features and all this other stuff and then it becomes a clear sales video like that sucks no one wants to watch a sales video on Tik Tok my Tik toks are entertainment first call to action at the end a quick two second call to action okay so right now Tik Tock organic is the bread and butter of marketing mobile apps but are there any other marketing channels that have worked well for you the beautiful thing about organic Tik Tok is if the video does well organically it's a great indicator that it's a great creative in general you put them on paid ads and click the spend my money button that's literally all you have to do because as long as the creative is good the algorithms on Facebook ads or Tik Tok ads or whatever they will optimize around that solid creative and they will find you customers what you can also do is you can find influencers on these platforms and you can pay them to make content for you in my experience it's tough to you know work with influencers they always want a ton of cash and they don't really care you know how the videos perform for you but you can find those diamond in the rough creators and you can reach out to them and get pretty cheap content and you can use that in scale that way uh as well okay cool now let's talk about the next step of the process of building a mobile app monetization what's the best strategy to turn these users or turn these eyeballs into paying customers yeah so there's there's many different ways to monetize apps and in my first games I monetized through ads because people were on the app all the time they were playing the game a lot so the ads worked well for or grid and whle but for these tool focused apps like puff count ads don't really work because you're not expecting the user to be on your app for a super long period of time so the way you monetize that is through inapp purchases you need the user to either buy your app or commit to monthly yearly Weekly subscription the kind of strategy that everyone is using now is the app is free you go through the onboarding and then you hit what is called a hard pay wall this is essentially a screen that asks you to pay and if you don't pay you can access the features in the app a hard pay wall is unskippable when I changed puff count to a hard pay wall and I made users commit to a free trial before they could use any features in the app it changed my business overnight my conversion rate shot through the roof upwards of 20 25% nice and what about pricing how can someone find the best price point for their app I AB tested different pricings I started at $4 went up to $12 right with a lot of users coming to your app you're getting a lot of data and you're understanding which price point gives you the highest LTV the highest lifetime value I use super wall to do this you can remotely configure your pay walls and you can change the price without sending App Store updates so you can do it much quicker and super wall will actually tell you which price point will give you the best LTV so I just optimize for that the highest LTV price point you mentioned earlier that before getting hit with the pay wall the user is being walked through the onboarding process what's your experience with that the onboarding is super important because this is an opportunity for you to walk the user through their own problem so for example on puff count my onboarding is extensive and I ask the users a lot of questions and some people say that's annoying I don't want to do that I just want to get into the app but the data has told me that if I walk the users through the onboarding they commit time and I'm able to walk them through their problem that puff count is solving so when they hit the pay wall they've thought about their problem a lot and they're like wow I actually really do need to quit or I really do need this product and they're much more likely to convert all right now let's get technical what tools in software do you use to build all of these apps the Tex stack I use to build apps is pretty short I use upwork to find and hire developers I use 99 designs to get the UI built I use super wall to AB test my pay walls optimizing your pay wall is how you're going to make money with your app like you need to optimize your pay wall and find the highest LTV so that is 100% essential everyone who has a mobile app should be using super wall I use Revenue cat for analytics data Revenue cat is good too because that will give you more data on your user lifetime value and again your user lifetime value is like the most important metric in your app you need to understand how much paying users are generating you over their lifetime so that you know how much you can spend on paid ads or on influencers or on installs and as long as your customer acquisition cost is lower than your LTV you're you're making money I use apps flyer as my MMP it connects with my my mobile app and Facebook or Tik Tok ads and sends data back to those platforms I use Tik Tok and Facebook ads to send traffic I also use mix panel amplitude to get kind of more in-depth analytics in my products and see what people are doing in the app once they do download it once they do pay and Gat code is like you should stay on the free plans I don't think you should ever really upgrade mix panel or amplitude like you should get your data understand what you need to change and then get out all right for anyone looking for ideas I want to ask what do you think is the most lucrative Niche to build an app in right now when I look at like the most profitable niches in mobile apps I think a lot of them do have to do with help helping people be better lose weight quit vaping quit drinking anything in the health space I think will absolutely crush and of course like there are already apps that are doing really well like in Fitness you have like my fitness pal you have all these weight training apps but it comes down to the marketing can you get in front of people at a cheaper cost than these mobile apps right being a young founder you truly do have an advantage because all these old heads in the industry these big slow moving companies that never iterate on their idea a small Nimble entrepreneur rur can take them out all it takes is one viral Tik Tok all right another question for you some people watching this right now may have started a couple other things before but didn't see immediate results and eventually gave up or quit what advice would you give to those people the struggle of building something new is it's never going to be perfect on the first try but I've done this enough times now to know it's a process and you have to keep iterating I know it's a good idea I know it can make money that's all I need I don't need it to work super quick right like I just need that Val validation um and then I can go out into the market and talk to talk to customers and make it better over time everything is built over time puff Count's been live for 4 years but only the last 6 or seven months have I really made decent Revenue per month it takes time it takes commitment and you have to be willing to learn all right next question how does a day in the life look like for a mobile app builder like you I'm actually nomading I've been traveling for about 6 months now I'm in Europe time so my day doesn't start till later in the afternoon like 1:00 p.m. is when I start hopping on the phone and talking to people so I have my morning to myself make a coffee go to the gym get a workout in and then I'm in the zone to start you know building start talking to my team start taking sales calls whatever it is and I work till 700 8 900 p.m. sometimes much later depending on what's getting done and then you know on the weekends I have a chance to explore an entirely new city and new culture and meet new people and try new things so inspiration is a fleeting feeling and when you do feel inspired to build an app or build a new project or work super hard like you have to take advantage of it going back to why I kind of like decided to be a nomad and travel like it's so I can do more of that so when I had these moments of inspiration I wasn't distracted by anything I can lock in all right last question that we always ask if you could stand on young Steven's shoulders and give him some advice or advice for anyone who wants to make it in this online business world what advice would you give first of all it's not as hard as you think like you just have to be driven and you have to you know be willing to to work with people who have skill sets that you don't Outsource what you're bad at and build a team around you build a team that you trust treat your team well and again don't give up super early on the idea it takes months sometimes years for a project to take off relentlessly talk to users get feedback and iterate Based on data a huge mistake that I see first time mobile app Founders doing is like they're like hey I have this random idea for a feature in my app that I think I'm going to spend two months developing right before launching my MVP don't do that like go to market with something simple that you can afford get feedback from users and then build on top of it with your team all right stepen thank you so much for your time the businesses that you've built are amazing and thank you for coming on here and sharing it with everyone peace Brother yo guys I really hope you enjoyed the rest of the video and got some good takeaways from Stephen but I want to say something quick at the end of the day the point of these videos is to inspire you and show you that this is possible so that you can go start your own thing on your own while learning is important and will give you new ideas action is the thing that's actually going to move the needle forward and take you where you want to go so research learn find an idea and then go build that as fast as you can if you're still feeling a little loss right now click that first link in the description and you're going to get a free list of micro SAS business ideas so you can get going on your side project much love and I'll see you guys in the next one peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @edekl832 [1 likes]: Why pay for coding apps to developer? You can vibe code them almost for free or 20 bucks a month
  2. @bellad3525 [1 likes]: How does he looked 20 years old and 40 years old at the same time?
  3. @walshcostigan8300 [1 likes]: I just realized this guy is the founder of Posted - the marketing platform he says made his app go viral.  This video is an ad for his marketing company, in disguise. 

Hope that makes everyone see how unreliable ‘success’ stories really are.
  4. @SayWhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat: 49k a month, not 40 millions a month, and video shows him like he invented a wheel
  5. @VolatilityCatcherAI: LOL. This guy ignores an app life cycle. Definitely.
  6. @blockedekcolb: 95% churn. Just keeps bamboozling people
  7. @dissolvedgirl_123: Using no-code and Upwork to hire developers doesn't make you a developer. Can't take this guy seriously.
  8. @mikal: "not a lot of people are doing mobile apps"

LOL, did this guy just time travel here from 1996?
  9. @The5n6: This kid is insufferable...
  10. @blackice1455: Tech brohhhh
  11. @munazalatif1197: Very nice &detailed video
Arrangement of the Techs was superb 
Keep it up brother
  12. @MegaMansoory: What a bunch of crap negative minds here! But anyways, I have a brilliant app idea but I do not have the funds for it to develop it and also im scared if my idea gets stolen.
  13. @1LORENZOsUTUBE: I want to develop an app but I don’t t want someone stealing my idea!
  14. @YourHappiness-v8f4e: Spot on about business optimization strategies.
  15. @nilfux: It's definitely not untapped, it's just not saturated yet.
  16. @มะสุกรีกูนิง-ศ8ฟ: I didn’t expect to learn, yet here I am—smarter and stunned.
  17. @Jevonte-w3j: How do you insure that your idea doesn't get imitated before you actually complete your idea? The legal aspect of it.
  18. @fundreviews: sounds like cap
  19. @mr-soapmaker: just saying it
  20. @Kayzewolf: Mobile is untapped, it’s easy with no code tools, it’s easy easy easy… But he’s just the idea guy that builds a team. It’s a lot of startup costs and getting lucky.

Just feels like someone who got rich off crypto telling you financials is easy.

Du

- My Apps Make $4.5M/Year With $0 Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en My Shopify app, Kaching Bundles, is currently making me $4.5 million a year, and we spend almost zero dollars on marketing. How does this guy make over $4 million a year without spending thousands of dollars on marketing? Well, the answer is something you probably wouldn't expect. All of our growth is coming either from or Eric started his journey as a designer making just $2 an hour. Then he stumbled onto an opportunity that would change his life forever. I think there's still a lot of opportunity building in platforms and I'm personally researching. I spent over an hour talking to Aricos about all his different Shopify apps and how anybody can start building these things from scratch. And good news, he shared everything, including how to find platform specific ideas to build, how to run an async team with 90% margin, and the unique marketing strategy that helped him grow to $4.5 million a year in just two years. All right, let's get into it. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Ericos. Welcome to the channel. Tell me about who you are and what business that you built. Hi, guys. So, my name is Ericas. I'm from Lithuania, originally currently living in Paris. And I'm a designer turned entrepreneur building Shopify apps together with my co-founder. And we're currently at 4.5 million annual recurring revenue. What's really cool about our business is that we're 90% profitable. Okay. If you could give me a little bit of a breakdown of apps that you built. So, currently we have uh five apps in total. Our first app in the discount category was Kaching Bundles and we scaled it to around 400k monthly recurring revenue currently. Uh then we launched Kaching post purchase upsell. After that, we launched Kaching pop-up upsell and right now few weeks ago we launched Kaching uh card drawer upsell. All of these apps are in the discount category serving customers that want to increase their average order value within Shopify. Since our launch in 2022 August, we already made more than 400 million in additional revenue for all of the merchants that are using our apps. That's awesome. In building these businesses, what have you learned? What is the big opportunity on building apps on platforms? The thing I noticed about the app developers is that there's like solo developers, indie hackers, and I thought that they lack great user experience. All of their apps are kind of technical and a bit complex for for regular users. And the other type of apps was VCbacked or like huge corporations. The user experience were uh was great. But the problem about them was that they actually move pretty slow. If if there's a feature lacking, it would take probably months or or maybe even a year to launch something new. So that's how I kind of knew that there is an opportunity for me to be in that ecosystem and to try to beat all of those solid developers. I wasn't sure that I will be able to compete with high bigger companies backed up by VCs and so on. like a year or two years after doing Shopify apps, I realized that it's possible to compete with them as well. Okay, let's go a bit into your backstory here. What did you do before entrepreneurship and what got you into building stuff? Yeah, so right after finishing my school, I joined a local web design agency and I started working for $2 per hour. Since day one, I was always thinking, how can I 10x my earnings? And uh I quickly I realized that if I want to earn more I have to work like for myself. I I I have to start freelancing. So that's what I did in 2016 or 2015 I guess. 3 to 4 years later while I was still freelancing I was building products on the side. I had a client a startup who needed a landing page. So what I was doing I was just browsing the internet and looking for inspiration. And that's how I stumbled upon Shopify partners page. I bookmarked it and later on when I looked into it, I saw uh a section which said that top 25% Shopify app developers are making almost 300k a year. And in my eyes, it was like, oh my god, it's it's huge because what I was making with my freelance work was was much less. Having all of the experience in Shopify, I knew how how those apps were and that's how I realized that I have to build something myself in the ecosystem. Cool. Okay. The Shopify app opportunity. How did you find this idea? And generally, how do you think about finding ideas? When I was thinking of what do I want to build in the Shopify app marketplace, I I already had three main criteria. So, first one was it has to be pretty easy to build. I have to build it in like couple of months, no more than that. The second criteria was pretty broad market. I wanted to build something that could be useful for any Shopify store because it would be a lot easier to market it and I could use all of my clients that use Shopify and so on. The first criteria was I needed low competition. So that's my main my main setup how how I differentiate good ideas versus bad ideas. Nice. So on the topic of uh good ideas and bad ideas, let's talk about validation. How do you know when your idea is validated and what has that looked like for your apps before? Before building it, I tried to validate it with basically talking to users. You know, I joined various Discord communities of drop shippers. I joined e-commerce Facebook groups. I posted various Facebook posts in in those groups. And one of the posts where I I had a screenshot of my not yet published app. It was just a design and it kind of blew up. There was more than 100 likes and a lot of comments asking you know where can I don't download this app because they thought that it's already live. So that was my first validation that this product is needed and and yeah it it could be successful. If you can build a landing page or something to try get uh get the emails of your customers, that's great. If you can even charge for it, maybe make a pre-order or something, that's that's even better because you already know that people will pay money for it. All right, I got to stop you real quick and zoom out. Ericos built an insane business, 4 million a year on top of the Shopify app store without spending any money on ads. And that's maybe the secret, building on top of a marketplace. You don't need a big audience. You don't need to spend money on ads. And there's a built-in customer base just waiting for you to solve their problems. The only problem with that is that Shopify's developer ecosystem is, I'll admit, pretty mature. In other words, that means there's a good amount of competition on the platform. So, that begs the question, what's the next Shopify? What's the under the radar marketplace where I think developers should be building right now? Well, one place I think is interesting is the monday.com marketplace. We partnered with them on this video because they're putting real energy behind expanding the marketplace, investing in the platform, supporting developers, and actively looking for more builders to help meet their growing customer demand. Now is the time to get in early and make your mark while it's still easier to stand out. They've got over 245,000 customers across over 200 industries and 90% of their enterprise customers use monday.com apps. enterprise. That's the big bucks. What's also cool is they have good APIs, clean docs, solid SDKs, and a team dedicated to helping you grow and make money. If this tickles your fancy, well, with monday.com, we put together this free download breaking down a bunch of stats about the opportunity here, who their users are, and what kind of problems they really need solved. And here's a pro tip. take some of that info and plug it into your favorite LLM and I bet it will give you some really cool ideas for what to build. If you want to download, just click the first link in the description, fill out the quick form, and sign up for your developer account. It's all 100% free to get started. I'm stoked that we got to partner with monday.com in this video because Aeros is an example of what happens when you build on a marketplace. All right, let's get back to the interview. You're a designer, not a developer. How do you go about actually building these products? What's your process to go from zero to one with a new idea? Yeah. So, when I'm when I'm designing things, the first thing I look into is competitors. If there's already competitors in space, uh that's a good thing because you can dig into deeper and and see how they do like see their user experience. just go through it and I'm taking notes what I really like about it and what I dislike about it. And after that I I have a clear image of how my app could look like so that I could fairly say that it's objectively better than my competitors. And to make uh my chance for success higher, I have to find a co-founder. I think finding a co-founder is is pretty much similar to doing sales because you have to sell someone an idea that you can make a successful business and you just need their help. That's what I was trying to do. You know, I went into a local developer group in Facebook. I made a huge post. I and I mentioned that, you know, first of all, I have Shopify experience. Second, I'm a great designer with years of experience. So I can provide a great user experience which will increase our chance for success. Third, I have all of those clients already using Shopify which we can sell our Shopify app to. And with all of those things, you know, I think I'm increasing my chance for for finding a right fit. And and that's basically h how I found my co-founder. Let's go to the next section here. I want to talk about marketing. Uh, how do you go from Shopify app to real users and real paying customers? When you are just a new app, you have zero users, you have nothing. You're right at the bottom of the app store listings. So, I knew that we need to onboard as many users as we can manually. So, yeah, I just I just went to all of the communities. I just went to all of my clients, all of my friends that are using Shopify and asked them to install our app and try it for themselves. I made the app free and this way you can get more installs and of course more installs then convert to to more reviews and of course it drives more revenue then and it helps you know to improve your product further because you get all of this feedback. Okay, I want to dive into some of the dirty details about this reviews thing because I think that this is it's simple. It sounds simple, but it's actually genius. So, let's go a little bit deeper into the customer support and review strategy that really did change your business. Yeah. So, once we said that it's crucial for us to get those five-star reviews, we optimized all of our processes towards it. So first of all our product within our product you straight away we just ask for then we have all of these uh monthly emails. So every month we're sending a monthly email in which we uh show how much revenue this app brought to you and in that email we also ask for review. I think around 95% of our reviews for for our apps come from customer support. Our customer support is is topnotch. All of our customer support agents are really technical. So they can dig into your code and and fix things. And yeah, we provide 24/7 customer support right now. Nice. And now that you have a team, you realize still how important this is. And I realize that you have like a little bit of a system that where you gamified reviews. Can you talk more about that? So, recently I introduced a gamified bonus system to our customer support team and right now we're tracking who gets uh more reviews. We have the monthly leaderboard and uh we we have all of these different raffles and actually my favorite B bonus is uh a persuader of the month and what we do is we basically calculate the conversion rate of how many uh times you ask for a review and how many reviews you get and I think it really helps uh those agents bring more reviews and of course incentivizes them because they get bonuses for for each review. Cool. Okay. Okay. Well, let's dive a little bit into monetization, pricing, and conversion. How did you make the first dollar with cashing apps? And how did you get those first users? When we got our initial reviews, when we started ranking for for specific keywords, uh that's when we introduced our monetization, we introduced a subscription model. Uh later on, we introduced some tiers. So, like the more you use our product, the the the higher price you pay. Nice. And is there a kind of a strategy that you think about now? Every time you go to launch a new app, I always launch it for free because it reduces friction of installs and as soon as I start getting organic installs, I grandfather all of the users that already using uh our app so that they wouldn't need to pay and I monetize only the new users. And yeah, we always uh offer free trial. That that also helps. And we offer full refunds, no question asked because I think the risk of getting onestar review is is is just is just too big. That that was awesome. Uh next question is let's talk about tech stack. Uh what kind of tools or languages do you use to build and run this business? Yeah. So languages wise I I will not tell much because I'm I'm not technical but uh in our organization we primarily use Slack for for our communication. Then for our customer support we use intercom. Then we use uh features.vote for gathering feature uh suggestions. So every user can go to that board and suggest a feature or just upvote for other features that they think that we need to implement. Another tool that we're using is linear. Uh so we we use it internally for our task management. Last but not least, we use Mantle. You have everything Shopify related there. You you can set up affiliate partnerships. Uh you you can see all of the metrics uh all of the funnels uh customer management and so on. Since day one, our uh profitability was around 90%. expenses wise, we we always try to stay very very lean and and I hope we will stay lean in the future as well. Cool. That's amazing. Let's move on to the next question. More the lifestyle side of things. Can you give me what the day in the life looks like for you, a Shopify app developer making millions of dollars per year. Uh what does your typical day look like? Yeah, so I get up whenever I get up. I I don't set any alarms. Uh, I check my emails uh while still in bed. I I scroll some Twitter like probably everyone else in the world. When I have my to-do list, I always try to diff differentiate like quick wins, something that I can do in like up to 30 minutes. And all of the other stuff is is is the harder stuff that that I focus on later on. I I love the lifestyle. I I love what I do. And I don't feel like working. I I feel like I'm doing something. I'm really passionate about which which really helps because I'm you know I'm not counting time at all. That's awesome. Last question that we always ask uh all founders on the starter story channel. What advice would you give to someone looking to start their own business and start their own thing online? So I think that at start two people are are enough. You just have a designer who does all all of the product stuff. you have a tech guy and and you're good to go because you will be doing all of the customer support yourself to know that uh what your clients are struggling with. And yeah, once you start getting more tickets and once you start growing and and and scaling your product, then you can start hiring customer support and then you can start, you know, scaling scaling your team. And uh yeah, another ad- advice I I could give is probably to hang around other people that are building because uh you know community is is really is really helping because you you get to know people you can learn from their mistakes and uh yeah maybe you can even you know find a co-founder in those communities and and so on. That's it. Thank you uh Ericos for coming on the channel. Sharing your business that makes millions 90% profit margin is amazing and I can't wait to see you hit 10 million and take it further. So thanks for coming on. Thanks for having me. Ericos is the perfect example about how a designer and a builder can turn a simple idea into thousands of dollars. But that came with knowing the right information. For him it was about Shopify and finding the right problem to solve. Well, imagine there was a place that gave you this. Problems to solve, blueprints for building, and the marketing strategies that turn simple ideas into million-dollar online businesses. That's what we have at Starter Story, a library of over 4,000 case studies and business idea breakdowns where you can access this all data backed by real entrepreneurs. So, if you're serious about building a profitable side project like Aricos, head to the link in the description and we will give you 52 micro SASS ideas for free just like Aricos so you can get started on your journey. Much love and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @YusufSaidCanbaz [8 likes]: How profit margin is 90% while there is a team behind all the stuff? Whats the salary of customer support?
  2. @humanbeing888 [1 likes]: Don't believe this guy, if he truly told you the "ways" then first he would be outcompeted, why would he give away the "secret" to invisible strangers on the Internet like us?, or if his method is so successful, he wouldn't work his ass off making videos day in day out. He would be rich and sailing on his yacht by now
  3. @gazebotang [1 likes]: Beware of this is a lie. The app did not make $4.5M /year for the developer. But customers using the app have a total $4.5M revenue last year. How much customer paid for developer ? Typically shopify store pays 3% to 5% revenue for the apps they installed, and the app mentioned in this video is ONE of the apps a store owner installed. assume store used three apps, the App mentioned in the video earned probably $40,000 ~ $70,000 a year. Not bad.
  4. @ShaneKelsey-m4c [1 likes]: 💕shein cal's 🎉kelseyshades 💕
  5. @HeyListen-p5z [1 likes]: I am also making a ai app named for food health ?? Will it work
  6. @johnr39 [1 likes]: If he makes tha much money how come he sits in this cheap old mom's rented apartment 😂
  7. @PowerGuido86: That's why you focus on Youtube, because your business makes so much. YEAH RIGHT
  8. @noor_codes: At 6:40, we lost the audio :(
  9. @VasiliyKiryanov: launch dates of apps:

Kaching Bundles App & Upsells in 2022
Kaching Custom Cursor in 2022

Kaching Post Purchase Upsell in 2024
Kaching Discount Pop‑up Upsell in 2024
Kaching CartDrawer Cart Upsell in 2024

Kaching Subscriptions App in 2025
  10. @dave_ten: where can we get the full 1 hr conversation
  11. @CarlosGarcia-yg9je: Yea, I've stopped believing all the "I'm a millionaire from my app" in these videos, just because they say so.  Start showing bank account statements.  These guys look like they're in a room of a an airBnB.
  12. @dagura.9677: grate to see a video with a non technical person, more of that please.
  13. @ginmador9824: so many scammers, sick of it
  14. @theofficialrecojefferson: The amount of people that cry foul play are the same guys who couldn't catch wind in a hurricane. Instead of worrying about irrefutable proof, worry about building something worthwhile.
  15. @SenseyTagava: As a father of propaganda said: 70% truth and 30% lies. That's what you got in today's videos on YouTube
  16. @redowantrafder3873: I used kaching and that's pretty gooodddd😭
  17. @alexon_v1: Crazy that they didn’t even get into what the apps they built actually do. Sus.
  18. @ADSNGreenLife: Our Journey just began 🙂
  19. @teycitek: Big red flag when he said he lives in Paris. Their taxes are confiscation. He cannot keep that much money for simple apps.
  20. @N34R4T0M4T: What a great and smart guy appreciate your interview with him and him sharing his story thank you both! I will say this founder composition only really works if there already is a built in audience else I would suggest to have a cofounder that is really smart at marketing.

- How to upload your app to the App Store in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en so you just finished working on your first app and&nbsp; want to release it to the public now this video&nbsp;&nbsp; will explain to you everything you need to know&nbsp; to Archive upload and then actually sell your app&nbsp;&nbsp; on the Apple App Store let's get started are you&nbsp; working on your own projects I made a free Mac OS&nbsp;&nbsp; and IOS app called launchbody that makes it super&nbsp; easy to organize your releases and open tasks try&nbsp;&nbsp; it for free today that's launchbody on the app&nbsp; store or using the link in the video description&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you're wondering what this project is right&nbsp; here last video I asked chat GPT to create a news&nbsp;&nbsp; app from a news API and now I want to upload this&nbsp; app to the App Store so you probably already know&nbsp;&nbsp; in xcode you have a section up here to select&nbsp; the device that you want to run your app on&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to upload your app to the App Store&nbsp; the first thing you need to do is create an&nbsp;&nbsp; archive of your app let's select any iOS device&nbsp; here and this is very important you cannot archive&nbsp;&nbsp; your app for a specific device like your actual&nbsp; phone or your Mac or a simulator you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; always select any iOS device then you need to go&nbsp; to the product menu at the top and select archive&nbsp;&nbsp; this will take a few seconds depending on how&nbsp; big your project is and what kind of device&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running xcode with in this case it's pretty&nbsp; fast because this project is just a single file&nbsp;&nbsp; and now this organizer window will open here&nbsp; which you can also find by clicking on window&nbsp;&nbsp; and organizer this gives you a list here of all&nbsp; of your apps and then all of the archives for&nbsp;&nbsp; this app and now to upload this app to the&nbsp; App Store you just have to click distribute&nbsp;&nbsp; app select App Store connect hit next hit next&nbsp; again then this will take a few seconds and now&nbsp;&nbsp; we have this dialog showing here because we&nbsp; haven't actually set up the app in app store&nbsp;&nbsp; connect so you can either do that in app store&nbsp; connect or which I actually prefer just do it&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of xcode right here so your app must be&nbsp; registered with App Store connect before it can be&nbsp;&nbsp; uploaded xcode will create an app record with the&nbsp; following properties the name let's say quotes app&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube video just because I'm pretty sure that&nbsp; the name quotes app is probably already taken by&nbsp;&nbsp; another app then the skew is basically our bundle&nbsp; identifier right here let's select the primary&nbsp;&nbsp; language to be English us in our case and then&nbsp; the bundle identifier also works so let's hit next&nbsp;&nbsp; it's now creating an app record here this once&nbsp; again will take a few seconds depending on your&nbsp;&nbsp; device your internet speed and so on for this&nbsp; screen let's also hit next let's also select&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically manage signing which is the&nbsp; default and which when you're working alone&nbsp;&nbsp; is the one that you will actually use when you're&nbsp; working in a bigger company you might have to set&nbsp;&nbsp; up the signing manually but it's not something for&nbsp; this video that's a completely different topic so&nbsp;&nbsp; let's just hit next here and you will notice that&nbsp; there are a bunch of steps that we will have to&nbsp;&nbsp; go through to even upload the archive but pretty&nbsp; much for every single one of them we just click&nbsp;&nbsp; next so it's usually click next twice wait a few&nbsp; seconds click next two or three times wait a few&nbsp;&nbsp; seconds and then you can finally upload the app&nbsp; which is happening right now so this will be the&nbsp;&nbsp; longest step probably except for maybe archiving&nbsp; the app in the beginning and now as you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see the uploading part failed why did it fail&nbsp; well there are a few things to note here and I&nbsp;&nbsp; intentionally left this in the video just because&nbsp; a bunch of people will probably run into this if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not careful and this is a very simple&nbsp; issue and that's because this app doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; an app icon so your app definitely needs an app&nbsp; icon in order to be uploaded to apps or connect&nbsp;&nbsp; not even for the App Store already for the App&nbsp; Store connect step so let's hit done here and&nbsp;&nbsp; let me create an app icon real quick and add it to&nbsp; the assets alright so I created this app icon here&nbsp;&nbsp; and added it to the assets luckily as of xcode 14&nbsp; we only need a 1024 Point version of the app icon&nbsp;&nbsp; beforehand you need a ton of different versions in&nbsp; different sizes now you only need one so let's try&nbsp;&nbsp; to Archive and upload again and see if it works&nbsp; this time let's hit distribute app again next next&nbsp;&nbsp; waiting for a few seconds here next and next once&nbsp; again it's always twice wait twice and now we can&nbsp;&nbsp; finally say upload and now let's see if it works&nbsp; this time or we missed something again alright and&nbsp;&nbsp; as you can see the app was uploaded successfully&nbsp; so let's hit done here get rid of the organizer&nbsp;&nbsp; and let's jump into App Store connect now being in&nbsp; app store connect we will navigate to the apps tab&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we will have a list of all of your&nbsp; apps that you have on the store I assume that&nbsp;&nbsp; this list is pretty much empty for you except&nbsp; for the app that you're just uploading right&nbsp;&nbsp; now otherwise you already know the process so in&nbsp; my case here I have the quotes app YouTube video&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's click on that and here you can see the&nbsp; App Store submission page there are a few more&nbsp;&nbsp; steps that we will have to go through in order&nbsp; to add our app for review so first of all when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're scrolling down here you will notice a&nbsp; build section and there's actually no bill to&nbsp;&nbsp; select here and that's because uploading builds&nbsp; be that for a test flight or for an app store&nbsp;&nbsp; submission always takes a bit of time depending&nbsp; on the complexity of your app it might take a&nbsp;&nbsp; few seconds up to a few minutes generally&nbsp; speaking for Mac OS apps it's a bit slower&nbsp;&nbsp; in my experience and for small iOS apps It's&nbsp; relatively quick under five minutes usually&nbsp;&nbsp; but we can use this time to actually fill out&nbsp; the rest of the App Store connect page so next&nbsp;&nbsp; you will have to upload screenshots which are the&nbsp; App Store preview screenshots for your app for&nbsp;&nbsp; the iPhone devices you do not have to add them&nbsp; for your iPad if your app does not support your&nbsp;&nbsp; iPad if it does you should definitely make sure to&nbsp; include screenshots for the iPad as well obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; going down here the promotional text is something&nbsp; you don't really care about for your first app&nbsp;&nbsp; submission this is what you can use to display&nbsp; some text without having to submit a new version&nbsp;&nbsp; to the App Store the description is your app's&nbsp; description so you would probably write a few&nbsp;&nbsp; parallel graphs here describing what your app&nbsp; can do listing all of the features maybe even&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about which of the features are free&nbsp; and which of them are paid then you have a list&nbsp;&nbsp; of keywords which are basically the terms that&nbsp; people can search for On the App Store in order&nbsp;&nbsp; to find your app and then very important here&nbsp; for all of your apps you need to have a support&nbsp;&nbsp; URL that may be your social media account that may&nbsp; be your website that may be the apps landing page&nbsp;&nbsp; try it out find out what works for you I recommend&nbsp; creating a dedicated support page for each of your&nbsp;&nbsp; apps and using that as the support URL right&nbsp; here and then you will also be able to enter&nbsp;&nbsp; your copyright here which will be displayed at&nbsp; the bottom of your app store page so this would&nbsp;&nbsp; be 2023 and then my name all right so just the&nbsp; name of your developer account usually I assume&nbsp;&nbsp; that your app does not support app clip iMessage&nbsp; and Apple watch otherwise that's something for you&nbsp;&nbsp; to explore by yourself these are just sections&nbsp; that you can expand to upload more screenshots&nbsp;&nbsp; here and so on below this build section here&nbsp; is something very important and that's the app&nbsp;&nbsp; review information if your app needs login this&nbsp; is where you enter a dummy account username and&nbsp;&nbsp; password so the person reviewing your app from&nbsp; the App Store connect team can actually try it&nbsp;&nbsp; out without having to create your own account&nbsp; now in our case we can get rid of that since the&nbsp;&nbsp; app doesn't have a sign-in flow but what you&nbsp; will have to fill out for sure is first name&nbsp;&nbsp; last name phone number and email just in case the&nbsp; App Store team wants to get in contact with you if&nbsp;&nbsp; there's any kind of issue with your submission&nbsp; and then what I really really really recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; you to do is write a few notes for the review on&nbsp; how to use your app and if you're just submitting&nbsp;&nbsp; an update also write notes about what's new&nbsp; in the update what's new in this version and&nbsp;&nbsp; just explain to them how they can use it just so&nbsp; the submission process works without any issues&nbsp;&nbsp; and then I also recommend attaching at least&nbsp; screenshots of your app screens or even a&nbsp;&nbsp; video that you recorded showing a walkthrough of&nbsp; the app how everything works just so the review&nbsp;&nbsp; process is easy and quick now at the bottom&nbsp; here you can configure how this app should be&nbsp;&nbsp; released the default is to automatically release&nbsp; this version but you can also choose to either&nbsp;&nbsp; menu release it and that way it will once it is&nbsp; approved go into the pending developer release&nbsp;&nbsp; State and then you can at any time press release&nbsp; and the app will get released or you can say&nbsp;&nbsp; automatically release it but only after a certain&nbsp; date alright so I just refreshed the page a few&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes have passed and look at that we can now&nbsp; add a build and we can select our first build here&nbsp;&nbsp; say done and then this is something that you will&nbsp; also find in at least your first submission and&nbsp;&nbsp; then all of your future submissions as well&nbsp; you will have to manage the export compliance&nbsp;&nbsp; so let's say manage here and if your app uses&nbsp; encryption you will have to provide a document&nbsp;&nbsp; that explains how encryption is used in your&nbsp; app in our case we're not using encryption so&nbsp;&nbsp; I would just say none of the algorithms mentioned&nbsp; above hit save and then you're good to go there's&nbsp;&nbsp; also an info p list string that you can add to&nbsp; your info p list obviously in order to set this&nbsp;&nbsp; to false always so now that we have our build&nbsp; uploaded and selected here let's save the page&nbsp;&nbsp; and then let's go to the app information page&nbsp; on the left hand side here and this is where&nbsp;&nbsp; you add your app's name your subtitle categories&nbsp; content rights and age rating this is something&nbsp;&nbsp; for you to explore on your own really simple stuff&nbsp; here next let's have a look at the pricing and&nbsp;&nbsp; availability page this is very important here you&nbsp; can choose the price for your app so if you open&nbsp;&nbsp; up this drop down there are tons of different&nbsp; price tiers and even more price tiers will be&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming available over the next few months Apple&nbsp; has already talked about that and announced it&nbsp;&nbsp; I would always recommend you to make your apps&nbsp; free with in-app purchases users usually prefer&nbsp;&nbsp; to try your app out before they pay for it but&nbsp; that's completely up to you so you just set up&nbsp;&nbsp; your price here so you can also set up a price&nbsp; schedule here saying it's starting from next&nbsp;&nbsp; Monday perhaps this app should be 199 instead&nbsp; of free whatever just for you to try it out&nbsp;&nbsp; you can also select to make it available for&nbsp; pre-order and to also remove it from sale&nbsp;&nbsp; but obviously we want to upload the app to the&nbsp; episode so we're not going to remove it from sale&nbsp;&nbsp; and then he adjusts some more settings that are&nbsp; not really relevant right now just make sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; hit save after you change anything on any of the&nbsp; apps or connect Pages going forward to the app&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy section this is also very important and&nbsp; you will have to fill this out before submitting&nbsp;&nbsp; your app you will have to have a privacy policy&nbsp; URL so going back to what I told you before about&nbsp;&nbsp; the support URL here you actually really have to&nbsp; have your own website I recommend just hosting it&nbsp;&nbsp; via GitHub Pages for example it's completely free&nbsp; and on their website you will just have to have a&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy policy page also a topic for another video&nbsp; but definitely make sure that you have that edit&nbsp;&nbsp; here and enter your url here this is mandatory&nbsp; and you will not be able to submit your app if you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have a privacy policy URL and then you will&nbsp; also have to fill out this form here on how your&nbsp;&nbsp; app collects data this app does not collect data&nbsp; so I will just say no hit save and then we will&nbsp;&nbsp; have this little batch here data not collected if&nbsp; your app does collect data and track the user or&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have some analytics you will have to edit&nbsp; here and make sure that it is in effect accurate&nbsp;&nbsp; at the end just hit publish and you're good to go&nbsp; with this page once again you will have to add a&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy policy URL and then the rest of these&nbsp; sections here are not relevant for us right now&nbsp;&nbsp; so then we can go back to our prepare&nbsp; for submission 1.0 version here&nbsp;&nbsp; and once you have everything filled in your&nbsp; keywords your description your screenshot the&nbsp;&nbsp; price the privacy policy URL and so on everything&nbsp; that I just talked about then you will be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; say add for review so right now we will probably&nbsp; have a ton of arrows here this is normal for you&nbsp;&nbsp; to forget something here and that's no issue&nbsp; whatsoever because as you can see apps are&nbsp;&nbsp; connect will tell you what you have missed what&nbsp; you have forgotten about and will then show you&nbsp;&nbsp; the fields that you will have to fill out because&nbsp; they are required and once you have all of these&nbsp;&nbsp; fields filled out no error anymore hit add for&nbsp; review and then you will have have to click&nbsp;&nbsp; this button one more time and then your app is&nbsp; actually sent off to app review that process&nbsp;&nbsp; will probably take one to two days usually it&nbsp; can of course take a bit longer depending on&nbsp;&nbsp; your app depending on how many apps are currently&nbsp; submitted for example during the holiday period&nbsp;&nbsp; at the end of the year this is usually a bit&nbsp; slower but in my experience most submissions&nbsp;&nbsp; actually get reviewed within a maximum of&nbsp; 24 hours I hope that you found this video&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful and it helped you archive upload fill&nbsp; out the information and submit your app to the&nbsp;&nbsp; App Store so you can finally start making money&nbsp; with your app are you learning something new from&nbsp;&nbsp; this video consider subscribing to the channel to&nbsp; become a better iOS Developer and stay up to date thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @kthen1118 [5 likes]: Thanks man this is short and straight to the point. Great video
  2. @thesoulofcode [3 likes]: mega helpful video, holy moly. no one does a video on this. THANK you brother!
  3. @Tusconsejosdeltemach [2 likes]: Thank you sir
  4. @DataStructureByTutorlix [2 likes]: Bro..I love you
  5. @nikoman71326: thanks for the video. How di i display Developer Webiste: my site info under the app store posting?
  6. @JonasReichert1992: can i make it free on the First day and after that it costs a certain amount?
  7. @dzengiztafa510: I don't seem to have the upload screenshot functinality though, & I'm an admin on the page...
  8. @AlexanderWHumpert: Great video. Very helpful!
  9. @bobbydean5943: where are you located?
  10. @eng.abdulelahalhjoo5701: Dear do you have avedio how we can reales new version to apple store ?
  11. @Haarineeshkesavan: whats the website your using ? is it called the archive app????
  12. @thevitruvianman19: Thanks mate nice one
  13. @KEEVVY: Do I really need to remove france and china because they ask for special documentatiin, even my DSP for EU not verified yet, the thing is I don’t see were to put my developer site link and I get this from admob txt verification
  14. @nykyry8735: I also realise besides eu gdpr, usa ccpa, apple ATT, you also need special documentation for france and china mainland
  15. @blankbox33: Can you automate all these steps by using n8n agent?
  16. @MrJamespenny: Really helpful. Thanks!
  17. @anudeepananth: Should we test the app with a Release Build before generating the Archive ?
  18. @eyarajoshua: pls do you pay before puting the app
  19. @dannyrabaan: Oh man ty for this video. I’ll search your channel more another day but do you have one where you can view other players stats? Like how many vip subscribing players
  20. @turyng-or1js: Is German your first language? =)

- How to Monetize an App [In 2023]: Kind: captions Language: en - I started Vivino 13 years ago, and always got the same question. "The app is free, how the heck do you make money?" That's what we're gonna talk about today, how to make money from apps, and there are many ways to make money, to monetize an app in 2023. This is Raw Startup. (upbeat music) I'm the founder of Vivino, the world's largest wine app, and wine community with over 60 million users all over the world. The app has always been free, and yet we're still here. How the heck is that possible? And yes, this is something I know a thing or two about. We look at the biggest five ways to make money off apps, and I will show you examples in every single category. We look at how much money there is to be made in each category, as well as the good and the bad. This list of five doesn't have all the ways you can make money off apps, but probably 90% of how money is made in apps today. With that, let's get started. Number one, sell products or services. You basically facilitate the sale of a product or a service, and this can be done in many ways with very different complexities. From a very low complexity affiliate deal to full-on e-commerce in many countries. Examples are Vivino, we have a full marketplace in the app where users can buy wine. Amazon is another great example here. This can also be done with nonphysical products, like hotels, flights, or car rentals. In that space, we have apps like booking.com and Skyscanner. Usually you get a cut, some kind of commission on everything sold through the app, that's how you make money this way. Let's have a look at how a sale can be made through an app, and this is important because the complexity changes a lot. Affiliate, basically sending buyers to somebody else that does the e-commerce, complexity, low. Marketplace, a marketplace with many vendors, one good example here is Etsy, but Amazon also has a marketplace, complexity, high. Drop shipping, you take orders, but somebody else does most of the shipping, et cetera, complexity, medium. Full e-commerce, you run a full e-commerce shop just like Amazon, complexity, high. Now, let's look of a look at the good and the bad when it comes to selling stuff in your app, and we're starting with the good. It's a feature, and doesn't really get in the way of your app. There's a big upside if customers buy a lot, and you get a cut of that. The bad, can be low margin, really depends on the category. Hard to scale, especially internationally. Adds considerable complexity depending on the model. All in all, this is a very complicated way to make money off an app, and yes, this is something I have extensive experience in. Number two, digital subscriptions, and this is a big one, have a paid digital subscription where users pay monthly or annually. This model is very popular for many reasons, we'll get to that. This model is especially good for apps that are used on a regular basis, monthly, weekly, or even daily. Apps that use this model that you probably have heard about already are Netflix, Disney+, Max, used to be HBO Max, as well as most other streaming apps. And dating is a big category here. We even did a full video on the dating app, Smitten, check that out later. There's also a lot of health and wellbeing apps that use this model. Apps like Reflectly, the journaling apps, Strava, the biking app, MyFitness Pal for calorie counting, Headspace, the meditation app, and many, many more. When it comes to how is you charge, and what you you charge, the strategies vary a little bit. A very common way of doing it is having a free app, then adding a few features, and you pay for that, that's known as freemium. Others are paid only, maybe you get a short trial, but then after that you have to pay to use the app. Prices vary depending on the service, value, and the category. We see prices all the way from a few dollars a month all the way up to 20, $30 every single month. If you have a free app, the number of users that are willing to pay can vary from say one to 10%. My impression is that most apps are between three and 5%. Okay, let's have a look at the good and the bad. The good, instantly global, high margin, recurring and predictable. The bad, not for occasional used products, some markets and people just don't like subscriptions. All in all, this is a fantastic way to monetize an app. This is a reason why it's very, very popular. Number three, advertising and sponsorships. Basically putting ads or some kind of advertising into the app, it could look something like this, or even interstitial ads, they take over the full screen and the user has to wait. They're more intrusive, but they will pay better. You will need some volume, you'll need a lot of users to make money here, or it can be very, very targeted. Then you can make a little bit of money. Showing ads to a small group of people. Say 200 people is not gonna get you very far. You will need a lot of users, but the usage is wide, it's used in all kinds of different apps. The good, pretty easy to do. There are platforms like AdMob, and it's a pretty simple way to make money. The bad, can be intrusive. Users often don't like banners, and advertising in general takes a lot of volume to get a good revenue, usually millions of users before it becomes meaningful. Number four, sell digital goods. This is sometimes referred to as in app purchases. Basically you pay something to unlock a feature or get something special inside the app. These days it's mostly used in games where you can buy things like skins, weapons, extra lives or turns, levels. These are split into two categories, consumables and non consumables. Consumables are things that you buy, and then you use them, and then you need a new one. Non-consumables, you buy once, and that's it, maybe it unlocks a feature or something like that. The cool thing about consumables is that people keep buying them. It's almost like a subscription. This can be used outside games, but you have to be a little creative. If you know any good examples, put them in the comments. The good, instantly global. There is a willingness to pay in certain categories, especially games. The bad, not recurring, unless it's consumable, then they sort of keep coming. This is a good way to monetize, especially in certain categories. Number five, sell data. When you have an app, the usage of the app usually generates some data, and there might be people willing to pay for that. With the Vivino for example, we know a lot about what people like to drink, what's trending upwards, and what's falling out of favor. This data can have a lot of value for people in the wine industry, and it is something we make money from at Vivino. All that said, please be very careful. It's okay to sell some high level data, but you can never sell user data. We would never do that. The rules are very strict, especially in Europe with GDPR, those rules are coming in the US too. I think California is leading the pack. The EU will give you a massive fine if you break those rules. Meta just got a $1.2 billion fine for selling personal data, so be very careful, or just don't do it. On top of that, apple really values privacy. They do not want you to sell any sort of user data. You are making an app, and you should really be friends with Apple. Anonymized data about users and behaviors, trends and so on is okay, but any sort of user data is a no-go. A lot of hustlers in this space, they'll try to put some SDK into your app, and sell the data, stay away from that. And the good, doesn't get in the way of the product. There is money to be made in some categories. The bad, so many things, especially on what you sell, so be careful here. All in all, this is a bit of a minefield, so if in doubt, don't do it. Here's the list of the full monetization strategies. Very often you can combine things, and then you have a really good revenue. This way you monetize different kinds of users. Some users are willing to pay for the app, others are willing to see ads. If you know other creative ways of making money on apps, please let me know in the comments. If you want more content just like this, please consider pressing Like, and subscribe, and you won't miss any future videos. Thank you very much for watching Raw Startup. Now stop watching, go build something.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KEEVVY [1 likes]: just made my own ios game test it on my iphone and realise 1 I have to pay apple 99$/year, 2 I need a third party to even make money, what I understand I need unity or admob, right now I only have adsense, now I understand I need one of this, than I need to integrate the code first in the app before upload, I'm not that good with code like a beginer I would like my ad to show on bottom of the app,  but no one explain this how you really put the ad into the app, how you test it, will I even make the 99$ in one year with 2-3 apps
  2. @shinwooyeo7664 [1 likes]: Thanks a lot
  3. @aeciolima [1 likes]: You got me with the selling data way of making money. Never heard this before. On my apps I usually make money (not much) with subscriptions, non-consumables and ads. In the past I've tried alternative app stores, known as telco.
  4. @couchpotato2603: Great video, really appreciate it. You cleared up a bunch of things.
  5. @rossinnz: Thanks Mate, answered alot. Cheres.
  6. @Xcloud_XD: can we get 2025 video
  7. @AuthenticKidStories: I respect you! after you are telling “stop watching go build something"
  8. @AuthenticKidStories: You are just great at explaining this thing! Thank you!
  9. @glvdivtor: Guga the SWE
  10. @PorchPiratesOfficial: Thats not how to monetize, thats ways to monetize. Video title is misleading.
  11. @pikolotube: Very helpful
  12. @SalariedStartup: I noticed that nothing involving leads was mentioned but I do think that this is a worthy mention as you can monetize off of independent contractors by providing leads, and its not selling user data if the customer willingly put their information on the site to connect with a professional. So lead generating companies are profitable, and we implemented this into our company that is student-operated and provides what I would classify as "basic services", nothing professional at all, so we realized instead of losing all these potential customers due to our student-run company, we would just create a "PRO" version that sort of acts as a "Premium" version for these apps you referenced in the video, but a big benefit was that we didn't have to charge the homeowner for this, they can submit it for free, the contractors just pay.
  13. @JamiluAlmustapha-i3z: Cnice video
  14. @pocroloco4399: I know one good example of having digital goods business model in an app outside of gaming. The Duolingo Langauge Learning app has things like streak savers that you can buy to save your streaks and things like that. So yeah your right you just have to be creative with them.
  15. @WyemWrldwide: wine?😂
  16. @SHADO-SHK: Hello please am in Zambia 🇿🇲 kindly send me your contacts we talk i really need your help
  17. @MobileAppMogul: excellent breakdown, especially with admob . i use to make about $11,000 a month with admob back in 2015 now, not so much
  18. @MachineLearningforMentalHealth: Hi m planning ads route. Just to understand how this works...If I have 50k users opening my app 1 time each per month pays same as 5 users opening my app 10k times each (hypothetically)? In both cases, the number of ads google admob is showing remains the same (50k times). So do I get paid the same? Or do they count only unique individuals per month?
  19. @hamzabadii3575: My friend, how do they make money from publishing advertisements such as games with those who contract with the Pi team? If you watch every day, an advertisement comes out. Can you share with me the name of a platform or company because I want to be a publisher? Don't told me google admob because app like pi network and cryptocurrency is make money from one Click and always u see the same ad or change sometimes
  20. @dhanushsriramula2888: There is a third-party sdk that request survey and internet sharing. Is it right to use it? I am from india

- How Much Does it Cost to Build An App in 2026 📱💰🧐: Kind: captions Language: en how much does it cost to build a mobile app?&nbsp; this is the first question that&nbsp; might have come to your mind&nbsp;&nbsp; when you might have considered building an app&nbsp; based startup or digitally transforming your&nbsp;&nbsp; current business be it a restaurant chain be it a&nbsp; newspaper company a laundry service or anything. i believe in today's times every business&nbsp; can find value in building a mobile app.&nbsp; hi guys, i am pargat, i'm&nbsp; the chief technical officer&nbsp;&nbsp; at code brew labs which is a leading&nbsp; mobile app development company&nbsp;&nbsp; where we have built softwares for over 8000+&nbsp; companies in 35 plus unique industries.&nbsp; so in this video, i'll help you understand&nbsp; how much does it cost to build an app. so as of 2022, a lot of trends have&nbsp; changed for various industries which&nbsp;&nbsp; directly affect how much does&nbsp; it cost to make your app. so there are three different ways in which&nbsp; you can get a mobile app done for your idea&nbsp;&nbsp; the first and the easiest would be to&nbsp; get a saas solution closest to your idea. SaaS - which stands for software as a service&nbsp; is a ready-to-use product that will take you&nbsp;&nbsp; live in no time and at a relatively low cost. here the company would have a software built to&nbsp;&nbsp; your needs which you essentially rent and use. This software can cost you from $100&nbsp;&nbsp; to $1000 or even more per month but&nbsp; this comes with certain limitations.&nbsp; when buying a SaaS solution, you do not own the&nbsp;&nbsp; IP and you do not have any control on the&nbsp; future software development and features. In my experience, almost all, i wouldn't even&nbsp; say 99, all softwares need improvements and&nbsp;&nbsp; continuous development to get you that product&nbsp; market fit and these features are sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; very local to your audience this could be&nbsp; because of user habits, legal guidelines,&nbsp;&nbsp; or other parameters that are simply just&nbsp; specific to your audience and geography.&nbsp; so if you think that your software might need&nbsp; additional development and you would like to&nbsp;&nbsp; own some IP like the actual source code of your&nbsp; software then SaaS would not be the right choice.&nbsp; So the other end of the spectrum would be a&nbsp; software custom built to your needs from scratch. And as you might have guessed, this is a&nbsp; very time taking process it might take even&nbsp;&nbsp; six months to one year to get your software to&nbsp; the market at the very very least a MVP which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; minimum viability product might still need&nbsp; at least four months to get you to market. Developing a custom software is&nbsp; not a one-man job you will need&nbsp;&nbsp; a professional team which will have&nbsp; a project manager, a QA, a designer,&nbsp;&nbsp; two to four developers depending on your platforms&nbsp; be it ios, android, a website, admin panel etc. The cost for custom software development depends&nbsp; on the number of hours that are invested from your&nbsp;&nbsp; team multiplied by the hourly cost of that team&nbsp; the hourly cost can vary based on your geography&nbsp;&nbsp; it can cost from ten dollars to forty dollars&nbsp; in India and cost over hundred dollars in USA.&nbsp; This is just because the it&nbsp; services industry is used in india. the estimated cost of your first&nbsp; version of your custom built app&nbsp;&nbsp; can cost anywhere between ten thousand dollars&nbsp; to a hundred thousand dollars or beyond that.&nbsp; and do remember you have to update&nbsp; and maintain that software as well. Now talking about the third approach which&nbsp; i personally feel is the ideal approach&nbsp;&nbsp; in the current times it would be a hybrid&nbsp; approach of using a pre-built solution&nbsp;&nbsp; with the ability to purchase its source code&nbsp; for further development and customizations. so to give you an example of how we at code brew&nbsp; make this happen, i'll list about 10 examples&nbsp;&nbsp; of different softwares which we offer as a&nbsp; saas and as well as we give the ability for&nbsp;&nbsp; the customer to purchase the source code and&nbsp; continue further development examples being&nbsp;&nbsp; a multi-vendor restaurant management&nbsp; solution, a fleet management solution,&nbsp;&nbsp; now these two solutions can be used in conjunction&nbsp; to run a service like - ubereats where you&nbsp;&nbsp; have your restaurants your customers your cloud&nbsp; kitchens delivery agents all managed as different&nbsp;&nbsp; users then we have our online consultation&nbsp; software for medical and education industries,&nbsp;&nbsp; we also have pickup delivery solutions, on&nbsp; demand home service solutions for let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; cleaning and repair, we also have grocery,&nbsp; e-commerce and pharmacy solutions as well and&nbsp;&nbsp; we also do super apps like gojek where you have&nbsp; multiple of these solutions combined into one app. the cost of this solution can range from five&nbsp; thousand dollars to twenty five thousand dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; depending upon the customizations you want to&nbsp; buy and the intellectual property you want to own We at code brew have invested years and multi&nbsp; millions in building these solutions with an&nbsp;&nbsp; elite team of developers so at the end you are&nbsp; getting great value when going with a hybrid&nbsp;&nbsp; White label solution compared to a&nbsp; custom solution or a saas based solution so thanks for sticking till the end if&nbsp; you are interested in more information&nbsp;&nbsp; and getting an actual quotation for&nbsp; how much it would cost to make an&nbsp;&nbsp; app you should get in touch with our&nbsp; team with the link in the description going forward i'll be adding detailed demos&nbsp; of our pre-built white label solutions&nbsp;&nbsp; and do subscribe if you don't want to miss that thanks for watching have a great&nbsp; day and keep bringing new ideas!!!

  Top Comments:
  1. @OmprakashPrasad-im6rt [9 likes]: As I am app developer he explains in very good way 😃.... But I develop my apps for my own and publish on Play Store .... And today I understood how much the app developer company charged for the apps to develop 😅
  2. @hamzahabdulghaffar3097 [7 likes]: What if you have a good idea but have 0 dollar budget like literally😢
  3. @codebrewappdevelopment [4 likes]: 📱How Much Does It Cost to Build an App in 2026?💰
Book a FREE Demo Call with our team here: 👉  http://bit.ly/3QYfhSa  👈
Our experts will help you understand pricing, timelines, and everything you need to plan your app in 2026.
  4. @sirajshaikh1543 [4 likes]: Bro how much it cost to make app like cars24 please reply i am ur subscriber website can't open
  5. @adl4254 [3 likes]: Excellent, making  easy to understand how it works, please send me the contact information phone number watsapp email etc. Thank you
  6. @ShrikantKhaire-n4k [3 likes]: hello I have a startup idea. I have also done company registration. Now I am working for funding. Sir, what do you want me to do by making an app and giving you the equity of my company?
  7. @hasanhadzhiveli2850 [2 likes]: Hello, can I get an offer for a taxi app in Bulgaria?
  8. @Srimontimanasdutta [2 likes]: If i want to create an app and make a bussiness but i have no money to start this then do u have any plan for this?
  9. @sifasiddiqui8325 [2 likes]: What is good hardware required??? Low cost.
  10. @solutionanalysts1 [2 likes]: Building an app costs between $10,000 and $500,000+ in 2024, depending on complexity, features, platforms, developer rates, and ongoing maintenance.
  11. @AtlantaCleanTech [1 likes]: If we could give Code Brew zero stars, we would.

We hired them over a year ago after they promised – in writing and on calls – that they would build our app within one month with all requested features, or they’d issue a refund. That guarantee is the only reason our owner, George, agreed to move forward. Over a year later, the app is still not complete or usable, and the refund they repeatedly promised has still not been processed.

Over this period we’ve been given a never-ending stream of excuses and shifting deadlines: a few days here, a week there, then “six working days,” then more time to “recreate the model,” then suddenly new “queries” they could have raised months ago. Every time a deadline passes, instead of owning the failure, they ask for yet another extension. When we finally drew the line and said we would move on to another company, they still tried to keep the project while dragging out the refund.

On top of that, the original salesman left the group chat, and the original person assisting us also left their company. Each time someone new joins, we are forced to explain the entire situation from scratch. There has been no proper hand-off, no internal documentation on their side – we end up doing all the explaining when that should clearly be their job. They also keep asking us for the same sample documents over and over again, which makes it feel like they don’t save, track, or effectively use the files we send in the first place.

We have repeatedly requested to speak with the owner of Code Brew, who was present during the original sales call and personally helped close the deal. Every time we ask, we’re told he’s “out of town,” “traveling,” or otherwise unavailable. For a situation involving missed deadlines, broken promises, and a disputed refund, the refusal to let us speak with the actual decision-maker is extremely disappointing.

To make matters worse, their own accounts team admitted there was an overpayment from our side, yet even that overpayment refund keeps getting delayed and tied to calls and “mutual conclusions.” We’ve been crystal clear: process the refund first, then we can talk. Instead, we keep getting the same copy-paste responses, new people dropping into the chat, repeated document requests, and zero concrete action. At this point it feels like they are simply wasting our time and holding on to our money.

This review is based on our experience, but we genuinely wish someone had warned us. If you are considering Code Brew because of promises of fast delivery and “guaranteed refunds,” please be extremely cautious. In our experience, they did not deliver on their timelines, did not honor their refund promise, provided poor hand-offs between staff, repeatedly asked for the same materials, and turned what was supposed to be a one-month project into an ordeal that has dragged on for over a year.
  12. @WarrenRobbinsSongwriter [1 likes]: hey, not sure if you answer questions, but I been designing an app for a few months, almost done with it, just gotta compile it into an exe, but it works, and works well, I am just trying to find out how I can legally sale or distribute it. Cause everything I've done in life I usually do for free, but that's got me no where being nice, I need to make something off this. Even if I make it cheap, but I dont know the legality of selling an app, or do I gotta get copyright for my logo, or design, i know you cant copyright an app, I just meant my logo, and do I gotta get a business license, and how you do like taxes if you sell an app?
  13. @JamesWood32-n8y [1 likes]: Great breakdown! 🔥 People always underestimate how much time, planning, and $$$ goes into app development. It's not just about coding—there’s design, testing, updates, backend, marketing, etc. A simple app might cost a few thousand, but a full-scale product? Easily $50k+. Thanks for keeping it real!
  14. @chinnuchinnu5128 [1 likes]: How much for hybrid white label app
  15. @Abhi_2728-z1w [1 likes]: I have startup idea but I don't coding to built an app and I don't have money to invest please suggest me
  16. @bhakti943 [1 likes]: I want to create app,any contact
  17. @namastehindustan9879: But would company pay that much to software development company?
  18. @VMusicGNG: Looking for an agency to develop an App. Pl share your number..
  19. @chinnuchinnu5128: Sir how much for social media app like youtube but unique future
  20. @MANJUNATHPORALLA: Sir, Tell in indian rupees instead of telling dollars.

- How I Built an App in 14 minutes With 1 AI tool (2026): Kind: captions Language: en I built seven apps before without having to write a single line of code. And now I'm going to build this baby sleep tracker that's identical to one making $400,000 a month. And I did it all with just one AI tool that nobody's talking about. In this video, I'll show you exactly how I replicated successful apps like this baby sleep tracker, complete with payment processing and all the premium features to start earning money right away. And this isn't about basic no code tools. No, this is about using AI to build legitimate revenue generating apps without any coding knowledge. And I've tested every AI development platform out there. And I found one that completely changes the game. And what used to take months of development and thousands of dollars can now be done in days at a fraction of the cost. The opportunity here is massive, but it won't last forever. Creating a prompt. So the AI tool that will take care of everything for us today will be lovable. And with a special link in the description below, you will get double the credits. And that means you'll have more than enough credits to build your app. To begin building the baby sleep app, the first step is creating a prompt in lovable that clearly outlines both the purpose and the feel of the app. So, we'll start writing the prompt to lovable. Create a baby sleep app to help parents understand and improve their baby's sleep patterns. The landing page design should look warm and modern and should showcase all the app's key features in a friendly tone for new parents. Include sections like track everything, personalized sleep schedules, sounds and guides, multi- caregiver support and analytics. Add call to action buttons like start tracking and explore features. So after using this prompt, the initial version of the app presents a landing page. It includes all the key features, warm and inviting visuals with subtle animations, clear call to action buttons and testimonials, user authentication. At this point, I want to make sure that every user has their own space inside of our app, whether they're coming back to continue tracking or they're starting off fresh. So, the next step today is setting up user authentication where people can register or log their account before using any of the features. So to do that, we're going to enter this exact prompt into Lovable. When trying to click the get started button and start tracking button, add a user authentication where users need to register for a new account or log in. After successfully logging into their account, they will go to dashboard where users can use the app features. So when I click the get started button, it takes me to a page where I can register or log in to my account. After successfully registering, the user now is directed to their dashboard tracking system. Now that we've got user authentication in place, it's time to go ahead and build what's probably the most essential part of this app. Tracking baby activities. So for parents, having everything in one spot, naps, feedings, diaper changes, is a gamecher. To get that going, let's take a screenshot of the sleep tracker card and then attach it in lovable and type in in the sleep tracker card. Add a simple and intuitive tracking system for daily baby activities. Include options to log naps and nighttime sleep start and end, and duration, feedings, nursing, and formula with amounts and time, diaper changes, wet, dirty, both, and custom nodes or additional activities like tummy time, bath. All right. So, after that, the tracking system is in. So, I'm going to try to log in to my account. And when I click on the sleep tracker card, it opens up just like expected. And now we can log things like sleep patterns, feedings, diet changes, and any extra activities that I want to keep track of. If I head over to activity history, I can see all the entries that were added. They're right there. But we don't want just to log in the activities. We want to make sure they're actually saved and editable, too. So, let's go back to Lovable and enter. Make sure all the activity logs are saved and recorded. Add options to delete or edit logs. So now an error message pops up at this point. And if that happens, all you really need to do is hit the try to fix button inside of Lovable. And after that's resolved, let's try adding new activity logs. And now I've got the option to edit or delete them. And when I go back, you can see here that everything is saved and recorded properly. There's also one more thing that I noticed. The navigation bar on this page isn't working yet. So to fix that, we're going to prompt lovable with on the dashboard page. Make sure all the navigation items are fully functional. Now when I head back to our dashboard, all the navigation items are working the way they should be. Personalize sleep schedules. Keep in mind that every baby has different sleep patterns. And for parents, figuring out the right routine can feel overwhelming and that's why this next feature is so important. The sleep schedule helps take out the guesswork by generating a personalized daily routine based on the baby's age and the baby's habits. So, to get started, I'll take a screenshot of the sleep schedule card and then I'll attach it into a lovable and type in when a user clicks the sleep schedule card. The app will ask parents about their baby's age, current sleep habits, and wake times. Then the app will generate a personalized daily sleep schedule with nap and bedtime suggestions that follow biologically appropriate wake windows. And then once that's done, I'll go back to the card. I'll answer all the questions and it generates a schedule. We can now see sleep tips and have the option to edit the information. And to make sure everything on this page is properly saved, we're going back to lovable and ask to type in make sure all the information in the sleep schedule page including answers and schedule should be saved and recorded. Now let's try saving the information. And when we go back to this page, you can see that all the data is still there. And if I go back again, it confirms that the previously saved sleep schedule has been successfully loaded. I also want to add one more feature to this page. Of course, we have to go back and tell Lovable by typing in on this page, add functionality that automatically adjusts the baby's sleep schedule as they grow up. Bases change on age milestones and sleep pattern data entered by the user. Notify parents of upcoming schedule changes and allow them to approve or customize. But an error shows up here. But again, no problem. We can just click the try to fix button. Once that's taken care of, I'll go ahead and return to the sleep schedule page and enter the information in again. Now, the added feature auto adjusting schedule is showing up. If users enter the baby's birth date, the app can now automatically adjust the schedule as the baby grows. It also notifies parents when it's time to update the routine based on age milestones. Then, when I regenerate the schedule, it now reflects the current age, sleep sounds, and white noise library. Next up is the sounds and guides feature. This one's designed to give parents access to calming audio that helps their baby and maybe the parents too fall asleep more easily. And just like before, we'll take a screenshot, attach it in lovable, and type in, "When a user clicks this sounds and guides card, the app will show a library of calming audio tracks, including classic white noise, soft lullabibis, and nature sounds. allow users to play the sound, loop, and set timers on sounds during naps or nighttime sleep. Now, if I click on the sounds and guides card, I can see a variety of calming sounds available. I want to expand this section a bit more to support parents with helpful content. And here's what we're going to tell Lovable Next. On this page, add a section with helpful articles and guides for parents. include sciencebacked info on baby sleep development, step-by-step sleep training guides, tips for creating a sleep friendly environment, and update content regularly and tag by age group or topic. And after making that update, there's a new section added, sleep guides and articles, where parents can browse through articles and guide topics related to their baby's sleep. Analytics. Understanding your baby's sleep and feeding trends over time can be incredibly helpful. And that's where the analytics feature comes in. This section is meant to give parents a clear visual overview of all the data they've been tracking inside of our app. And to set it up, let's go back to Lovable again and type in design this analytics card that shows stats with visual graphs. include all data stored and saved on the app, including total sleep time per day, number of night wakings, feeding durations, and frequency and charts to help parents spot sleep or feed patterns over time. At this point, another error shows up, but that's okay because just like earlier, all we have to do is click the error button and then select the try to fix it button at the top right corner. Now, I'll preview this in a new tab. After logging into my account, I'll click on the analytics feature. And here I can see detailed information about sleep duration, feeding patterns, weekly sleep patterns, and insights. The responsive design is also visible on the mobile view. Multi caregiver sharing functionality. In real life, baby care is a team effort. So the next feature we're adding is multi-aregiver sharing. And this makes it easy for parents, partners, or caregivers to stay on the same page when it comes to daily logs and schedules. To build this out, we're going to use this prompt in lovable. Let users invite others to share and update baby logs. Sync all data in real time across devices to ensure everyone sees the same schedule and updates. And once we're done with that, if we go back to the dashboard, there's a new sharing section that appears. And when I click on it, you can see that I can share logs by entering someone's email address. Then I can choose whether they can only view it, whether they can edit it, or if they have full access. And then I'll hit the send invitation button. There's also a toggle here to enable sharing. And after sending, I can see the email I just invited. And if needed, I can add more emails, too. Customizable baby profiles. Every family is different, and that's perfect. And a lot of parents are caring for more than just one child, so even better. So that's why the next feature we're adding is support for multiple baby profiles, so each child's data stays organized. And to get started, we're going to use this prompt. Allow users to create and switch between multiple baby profiles. Each profile should include the baby's name, their age, photo, and individual sleep and feed logs. Now, when I log into my account, you can see here an option to create a baby profile. So, let's try adding one by entering the name and date of birth. But right away, I notice that isn't working correctly. So, again, easy fix. We'll just ask Lovable to fix that. When trying to add new baby profile, I can add a name, but adding a date of birth is not working properly. And once that's fixed, I'll try it again. I can now add a baby profile successfully. And if I want to add another one, I'll just click the add baby button. And from there, it's easy to switch between different profiles. Now, we need to connect Superbase to Lovable so we can store and retrieve data in a database or upload files when needed. And to do that, let's click the Superbase icon at the top right. Choose create new project. Enter the name and password, then hit create new project. Finally, click connect. And the app is now connected to Superbase. Easy peasy UI design. And now that the app is fully functional, I want to give it a softer, more welcoming visual style. Something that feels right for new parents using it everyday. So, let's start with this prompt. Change the font style design and make it modern and give it a warm look. Add subtle animations. And with that done, the font style now looks more refined and fits the overall tone of our app. Next, I want to enhance the header visually. So, let's prop lovable with add a graphic design or an image in the header and hero section. And there you go. Now, our UI has a much more welcoming look and feel. Now, the last step in turning our project into a fully functional app is monetization. So, now we're going to integrate Stripe to handle payments. And to set that up, I'll go into Lovable and type in integrate Stripe to monetize the app. Offer a free and unlimited plan model. Basic daily sleep tracking on free plan for 7 days. And after those seven days, the user needs to subscribe to the unlimited plan for $29 yearly that includes all features like daily sleep tracking, sleep schedule based on personalized schedules, analytics, and a sound library. Show the Stripe checkout for the payment process. Now, next, I'll approve the SQL commands by clicking apply changes. And then I'm going to head over to the Stripe API keys page. And from there, I'll copy the secret key and paste it into Lovable. Now, in the app header, there's a pricing section. And when I click it, I can choose between using the app for free or subscribing to the unlimited plan for $29 a year to unlock everything we talked about. I'll click subscribe now, but I'll get redirected to the login page. My first login fails, so I'm going to register a new account. And after that, I'm locked out of the app features until I subscribe. At this point, some errors do show up during the checkout process. So, I'm going to fix them step by step. This includes updating the Stripe price ID, configuring the web hook secret key, and connecting the correct endpoint URL from the Stripe web hook dashboard. I also added the updated web hook destination URL using Superbase Edge Functions. Now, once everything's wired up properly, I'll just publish the app to enable the Stripe checkout flow. Then I'll create a new account. Click subscribe to the unlimited plan. Hit subscribe now and it successfully redirects to the Stripe checkout page. There you have it, an entire baby sleep tracker built step by step, powered entirely by AI. And what used to take a whole dev team and a six-month timeline just took us a handful of prompts. From real-time tracking to personalized schedules and then built-in monetization, too. This app isn't just a prototype. It's ready to ship. And the best part, everything that we just saw today was built with one single AI tool doing all the heavy lifting for us. No code, no shortcuts, just clear steps and real output. And if this is what's possible in just a few hours, imagine what you and I can build together next. So, hit me up in the comments section below if you have any questions and let me know what you want to see next. Thank you for watching and I'll see you at the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @HilarioAnibal [15 likes]: If learning felt like this in school, I’d have perfect attendanc
  2. @mikeynocode [12 likes]: ✅ UPDATE: Best AI App builder is Base44 (Lovable is outdated) https://base44.pxf.io/c/6440076/2049275/25619?trafcat=base&sharedid=video2

✅ FREE Base44 Masterclass (Build Apps, Websites & Saas with AI) https://mikeyno-code.com/Skool-base44

✅ Build app with Lovable https://mikeyno-code.com/lovable-ai
  3. @jasonrocksvegas [8 likes]: Who is doing security updates?  Protection from data breaches.  How do you know when they need updates?
  4. @AnimePunet [3 likes]: every thing is good but where to find the code (file to check front and backend) for the future update where AI can't know what I am trying to do then.
  5. @fuzzperoni [3 likes]: Great video. Thanks for the tutorial Mr.
  6. @madonomad2298 [2 likes]: Hey Mikey,
New subscriber here 🍀
I just watched this video and another in which you created an app with base44.
My question, if I'm gonna start and sign up for one AI app, which one would you recommend?
P.S: I have no job at the moment, so I'm trying to find one good, reliable AI tool to use without losing what I paid because of too many errors, bad quality or difficulty of access, etc... Really need you advice.. Feel free to suggest one or top 3.. You decide :)
  7. @cliffoguk7679 [1 likes]: Hello, can I build and integrate m-pesa payment options? i am reaching out from Kenya.
  8. @nerdlovedesign: This was my first video on your channel. Excellent explanations and very simple steps with clear communication. Subscribed and impressed. :face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @haithamalshatta2890: why not mentioning it is not for free. and if you want to creat a full app, you need to pay and burn a lot of credits and you may not get what u want
  10. @michelecavaloti: Hello, so the link to the Base44 Masterclass you provide lead to the home page of base 44. So basically its a normal 20$month pushase, right?
  11. @cricketians-m2d: Any student
  12. @Ebonyman1000: Hey Mike, I have a great idea and even have the material ready. I want to build a high quality APP with No Codes. I need your help.
  13. @iamcandinicole: How do you transfer this app to google and apple play
  14. @EEZYEEEE: Can Lovable make a native mobile app compatible to the desktop app one creates?
  15. @AndreiIonutBerica-v6c: worst app ever never try it you tell app to build duck is build dog
  16. @aiforgeapp: dam too many ads...
  17. @MyNameNotRickB: g.a.y
  18. @JadenHendricks-m3r: How to publish it?
  19. @HelloWorld-gd6ps: Lovable just makes a visual. Can't do anything with it. You'll burn all your credits trying to get integrations to work. It's not there yet.
  20. @robertvanderheide1467: Hi, I'm trying to build an Desktop app to solve some problems we have in our company. It needs to work localy (not in cloud). Is this possible too?

- Building a Mobile App in 2025: The BEST Technologies: Kind: captions Language: en so 10 years ago if you wanted to build a mobile app you had two main options either native iOS or Android or hybrid Frameworks like yonic or Cordova sort of web to mobile converters and yes there was also xamarin and Windows phone but I don't see them around anymore nowadays for the same mobile app you have at least five different Technologies you can use to build it and that makes it quite difficult to choose one either for building the app or for making a career out of it so in this video we're going through all the options looking at the technology behind them the programming languages and the tools you can use this is a necessary step before diving deeper into all these Technologies in future videos so whether you're already a mobile developer or you're an aspiring one still learning by the end of this video you'll know exactly what are your options for building a mobile app or for a career in mobile app development let's go if you're new here my name is Dan I'm a mobile software engineer with close to 10 years of experience in building mobile apps for startups and for big companies there's a more detailed video about that I'll put the link in the description and for now let's get back to ways of building mobile apps starting off with Native apps no they didn't go away like many people predicted and I believe they are here to stay native refers to the technologies that Apple and Google made available for developers to build apps for IOS and Android respectively on the iOS side we have Swift a powerful and intuitive language introduced by Apple in 2014 but everyone talks about Swift UI what's that we'll get to that in a moment some of its key features are performance safety and an intuitive syntax but don't take my word for it see for yourself here's a bunch of code in Objective C and the equivalent in Swift so I'd say it's no wonder that Swift became the preferred one on the UI side for a long time we used UI kit which is a framework for creating UI with storyboards or cibes which are drag and drop interfaces or directly from code UI kit uses Auto layout and constraints which allow for a fine control of UI elements and how they are positioned next to each other or on the screen however it can take a lot of time to build complex uis so now we have Swift UI yes which is a newer more modern framework for building uis in Native iOS apps Swift UI has Life previews and a declarative approach to building the UI so overall it reduces the amount of code that's needed for for creating especially complex uis and yes that code is still Swift so Swift UI is not a language on its own it's just a framework as for tools the bare minimum you need is xcode and the Mac yes that sucks a bit you cannot build native iOS apps on Windows or Linux I mean there is a way but more about that in a few minutes xcode is the IDE for building native iOS apps and it has tools like a debugger performance analysis tools and simulators so you can test your app on multiple devices by the way if you ever check the reviews on the app store for xcode you'll see it's a LoveHate relationship mostly hate iOS developers love to complain about xcode and they have reasons additional tools to mention are cocoa pods and Swift package manager for managing dependencies and App Store connect and test flight for Distributing your apps either to testers or on the App Store all right let's move to Android where we have cotlin as the main programming language excuse me sir what about Java you can build Android apps in Java well yes you can and Java was the first programming language used for Android development but cotlin is a more modern language with a shorter and simpler syntax and features like null safety extensions and cortines for asynchronous programming so please if you make Android apps use cotlin yes I just started my first tutorial and anyway it runs on the Java virtual machine and it's fully compatible with Java so if you need to have both in your project that's also an option and as a fun fact cotlin is named after an island near St Petersburg so it seems like programmers really like naming programming languages after Islands on the UI side for a long time you had xmls for building UI components on Android each screen or part of a screen was a separate XML file and you had to write all the components and the constraints between them in that file and it can get quite messy if the project grows nowadays we have jetpack compose which is a more modern toolkit and it has a declarative approach which reduces the overall code and you write code in cotlin this is the best it's kind of the Swift UI of Android on the tool side the goto IDE is Android Studio which similar to xcode on iOS it has performance monitoring tools debuggers many additional cool features compared to xcode and also a built-in emulator again for testing on different devices and if you ever used Android Studio you know it's kind of a Russian roulette game you never know if they fix bugs or if they add new ones additional tools include gradal for building the app and its modules and also for managing dependencies and Firebase app distribution or the Google Play console to share your app with either beta testers or on the Google Play Store for everybody all right now that we explore the native options it's time to move to the world of crossplatform Frameworks and apps we will talk about three major players in this space react native flatter and cotl multiplatform wait you said you won't talk about react native no I said maybe later and now is that later unlike on Native where you have separate code bases for each operating system with crossplatform you can have a shared codebase and deploy your app on Android on iOS and sometimes even on web and on desktop which can increase both the consistency and the efficiency of app development but how can this be how does it work well they provide an abstraction layer on top of the platform specific code so I have a unified interface to interact with each smartphone's capabilities this abstraction layer allows developers to write code in JavaScript or in Dart while still being able to access device specific features of course they are not a silver bullet solution for everything and they might come with limitations and tradeoff when it comes to Performance stability and functionalities so let's give priority to the elders and start with re native it was the first such framework that really became popular developed by Facebook in 2015 re native allows us to create mobile apps using JavaScript and the react Library it was the first solution that offered both a native F and a shared code base so it no wonder that it increased so much in popularity as a fun fact Facebook said it was created in a hecaton when they wanted to bring the ease and efficiency of web development to mobile and as you probably know JavaScript is one of the most popular prr programming languages in the world which means it has a large community and lots of resources to learn from on the UI side just like in react you are using jsx for creating user interfaces it's an extension for JavaScript that kind of looks like XML and then react native Bridges this gap between jsx and Native components using the so-called Bridge which means that on iOS it will render native iOS components and on Android it will render native Android components this is quite impressive and it gives you that native feel and user experience that we mentioned before as for tools the most popular IDE is Visual Studio code and you will also use the react native command line interface to build and run your projects also probably the best tool we can mention here is Expo which is actually a set of tools for react native that simplifies development even more expo comes with an additional set of JavaScript apis that cover the most common features in mobile app development like push notifications for example and you can Implement that without writing any native code code you can even build and run your apps on your phone without installing xcode or Android Studio remember what I said earlier about building iOS only on a Mac well Expo is that single other way that you can build for iOS without having a Mac because it offers a cloud infrastructure for that so yes Expo is pretty cool the only downside is that when you use Expo you are not allowed to write native iOS or Android code for some specific features all right let's move to flatter I don't want to keep you here all day flatter is one of the most popular crossplatform Frameworks of today it's developed by Google and it was launched in 2018 so 3 years after re native but it quickly caught up in terms of popularity even though the programming language that you use is Dart Dart what language is that yeah that was my reaction to but actually Dart is not that bad with flatter you can create apps not only for IOS and Android but also for web and for desktop to although it's not so often used for web and desktop and some of the exciting things that it brings are a big set of predefined components very good performance and a highly customizable UI flatter uses Dart an objectoriented programming language and in terms of the synex here's how it looks on the UI side flatter is known for its highly customizability and for its fast rendering this is possible due to the fact that flatter doesn't rely on Native components but it has its own rendering engine called skia this means that components are rendered on a canvas and they are not translated into native iOS and Native Android components like on react native the fun and tricky part about this is that you can create a UI that looks nothing like the operating system you're building for for example you can even show the native iOS alert on Android which is mindblowing and the good part about this is that flutter has very fast rendering and this ensure consistent performance across all platforms as for the tools you can use either Android Studio or Visual Studio code both offer excellent support for flatter while the flatter SDK has a lot of pre-build widgets that you can use widgets are the UI components and you also have tools like the flut inspector and dart def tools for debugging and profiling another thing that I want to mention here is it's excellent documentation and probably that's due to the fact that Google continuously supports it and improves on it so in my experience learning and using flatter it was quite enjoyable this sounds nice maybe I should switch to flutter wait there's one more we need to cover which is cly multiplatform developed by jet brains just like the cotlin language itself it was launched in 2020 and it's another framework that allows you to reuse code between iOS Android and even other platforms what's different compared to react native and flatter is that with cly multiplatform you're encouraged to reuse the business logic side of the code so things like data models Logic for app offline storage the networking side so all of these you can reuse across different platforms and then you build the UI separately for IOS and Android in our case on mobile and this provides a good balance of code reusability and that native experience for the user this shared code is written in cotlin which we already covered when we discussed about Android a bit earlier and this makes it quite a good option for Native Android developers who want to try something on the crossplatform site and even for Native iOS developers because is quite similar to cotlin now on the UI side you typically use the native Frameworks like Swift UI for iOS and Jetpack compost for Android to build the UI separately which offers a native feel on both of these operating systems and that's the good thing but of course the bad thing is that you have to write the UI code twice not four times twice as for tools you will use Android studio and the gradal plug-in just like we discussed earlier on Android and for the iOS UI side you can open that project project in xcode and build it like that also you can add different dependencies on IOS and Android you don't have to add everything in the shared module if you can't or don't want to do that so yeah codly multiplatform is kind of somewhere in the middle between react native and flatter which offer the greatest degree of reusability and Native IOS and Android where you have to create separate code bases for each platform all right we covered a lot of Technologies today oh yes we did all these all at least well no there are a few more but these five are the most promising that you can use today and in the near future and by that I mean in more Demand on the job market suitable for the majority of apps with the biggest communities and offering a good balance between performance speed of development and future support I can make a separate video about net Maui compose multiplatform or ionic so leave a comment below if that's something you'd be interested in as a sneak peek towards next we will explore what types of apps are suitable for each of the Technologies we covered today and also what's the best fit for each developer's preference experience and the job market for now if you found this entire summary helpful I'd appreciate like and also subscribe below for more app development insights in future videos until then I still have something for you if you want to see a more in-depth comparison between native and crossplatform and a technical Deep dive you can watch this talk that I gave at the Limitless Tech conference not long ago that's it for today thanks for watching watching bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnyx3843 [4 likes]: maan , buy a microphone or do something with the sound.
  2. @OshoLee [2 likes]: Flutterflow then its what chat gpt recommends
  3. @multisync7992 [2 likes]: Nice overview for options in 2025! Please consider a 2026 update, and I would love to see some coverage of using B4X for cross platform dev.
  4. @gulhusain6015 [2 likes]: Loved this video bro ❤
I'm in college and  started native android dev with Kotlin, currently learning REST API but it's hard to find entry level jobs in my country, majority of the hirings are in flutter
  5. @AndresGuzman-t6x [2 likes]: Amazing content! I feel more confident about tackling my own app now.
  6. @appmaker-r1j [1 likes]: Amazing content! 👏 Turning a Shopify store into a mobile app can boost engagement and sales, and Appmaker seems like a great solution for merchants looking to scale their brand.
  7. @YankaZabka [1 likes]: Nice!
  8. @rafaelb778 [1 likes]: Do you use books to learn things like Kotlin, etc.?
  9. @Ailoitte [1 likes]: This video provides a clear overview of the most important mobile app development technologies worth considering in 2025 — from cross-platform tools like Flutter and React Native to modern hybrid and progressive web app approaches. It breaks down the strengths and trade-offs of each framework and gives practical insights into how they compare in terms of performance, community support, and development speed.
  10. @SusanBowen-p8p [1 likes]: I feel much more confident after watching.
  11. @peberdah [1 likes]: Is there a simple way that use javascript, html, css eventualy php form call to develop webapp application.As Macintosh was too complicate one of the success of excel was to turn it in an gui applications through  completing with dedicated macro's.
  12. @Petros-y9i: Tell me you used template  MVVM in tou sevwloper .
  13. @omarahmed-it8il: 4:10 man that sound freaked me out, I thought I accidentally walked over a cat
  14. @NgirimpaJeandodieu: 😢😂
  15. @AmadeAfai-q7u: I’m convinced you have superpowers.
  16. @AmadeAfai-q7u: This is on another level of helpful!
  17. @AmadeAfai-q7u: This video just changed my personality. I’m educated now.
  18. @forhadrh: Good stuff. Appreciate your effort, mate.
  19. @davidfisaac: What about C++ Qt framework
  20. @yhaouatis: Thanks for the awesome video. Nowadays, Expo does allow you to create native modules using Expo Modules API.

- I cloned 3 apps and now make $35K/month: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Samuel and I run three apps making $35,000 a month. >> You might think you need to come up with a completely new idea. But I just met a guy who does the exact opposite. His strategy is simple. One, find an app that's working. And two, make it 1% better. >> If it's already successful, I know it's validating. >> But don't be fooled. He's not just copying and pasting. And in this episode, he breaks down his meticulous method for finding winning ideas and turning them into successful apps. We'll get into where the best ideas are hiding in plain sight, how to validate fast so you don't waste months working on a failed project, and the playbook for researching and replicating successful apps that you can put into practice today. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls, and this is Starter Story. [Music] All right, welcome Samuel to the channel. Thanks for coming on. Tell me about who you are and what's your story. >> So, my name is Samuel Rondo. I used to have a full-time job, but I quit a few years ago and I taught myself to code on YouTube and now I run three SAS apps that are making $35,000 per month. >> Okay, cool. So, before we get into all your apps and how they grew, you said that you actually taught yourself how to code. How did you do that? And could you break that down for us? So yeah, actually I used to be an optician and I had the zero coding experience. At the time I wanted to rebuild a tool I was using for Instagram, but this time I wanted to build it myself using code. I ended up following a 15-hour course on YouTube. And every time I learn something new in the course, I immediately try to apply it to that tool I was building. So if you just watch a course, most of the time it's not enough because you end up losing yourself in the languages that you will probably never use and you don't really see why you are learning what you are learning. But yeah, it all starting like this following a YouTube course and it quickly became a passion for me. >> Cool. All right. Well, for anyone watching this today who wants to learn how to code, how to build apps, what would be your advice? What would be your framework or playbook or how you'd get started? If I were 18 years old now, I don't think I would learn to code the traditional way. I would probably just use AI coding tools. And with AI today, you can literally build like 90% of most apps. So my framework today would be one, pick a real project. Two, ask JPT what you need to learn to build it. So for example, you go on Google or on Twitter and you find a product you like and you take a screenshot of that page and you ask JPT, how can I build just the landing page to start? and three build step by step asking Chad GPT for help at each roadblock. I would of course ask him to use modern technologies like Nexjs, NodeJS. >> That's awesome. What I really want to talk about is ideas and finding successful ideas. You have multiple successful products and you share with me your strategy for how you found those. Could you tell me a little bit more about that? >> I'm someone a bit lazy and I don't have unlimited energy. So I have one rule that is really crucial for me is to never build something that doesn't already exist and isn't already successful or at least getting some traction. So this way I reduce my chance of failure and I increase my chances of success. So usually to find products idea my number one source of idea is Twitter especially around communities like solopreneur in the building public etc. And then I look for things that are working or products that I personally like. Here are my four keys filter. Number one, I will use it myself. Number two, I can see that it already works. And three, they are not spending thousand on marketing, meaning there is a true demand. And four, the product is simple enough to maintain. If your product passes this filter, then usually I'm confident building it. >> Okay, let's go a little bit deeper on that. When you come across ideas online, what is the actual criteria that you're looking at? what are some of the numbers and websites and things that you look at to know if this is worth building and if this is validated. >> So first the most important thing I look for traction. Uh the best signal you can find on Twitter is when founders share their MR screenshot or stripe screenshot. Uh I know that sounds basic but honestly it's the ultimate proof that the tool is working and that people are paying for it. Second I analyze how they are getting their customers. So I use href to check their traffic sources. So, are they getting customers only from ads or are they also ranking on SEO? If they are growing with both ads and SEO, that's a very good sign because it shows a strong demand and it's usually easier to replicate their success. Is they rely mostly on SEO? It can be harder because SEO takes time, but it's still doable if I'm patient. And third, I check if the product is technically something I can build and maintain easily. I don't want to build a product that will make me lose sleep maintaining a complex back end. Simplicity is very important for me. And uh finally I asked myself, do I actually like the product? Because there's nothing worse than working on a product you don't care about. If I don't enjoy using it myself, I won't have the motivation to keep going longterm. So in short, uh traction first, analyze traffic sources, check if I can build it easily, and make sure I like the product. >> That strategy is cool, and it's amazing to have it kind of all boiled down, but I want to hear how it actually applied to your actual apps that you built. How did that strategy specifically work? >> So actually the first real app I built was usimus and at that time I didn't use that strategy and it was a mistake because I ended up building an email finding tool that have for competitors big names like Apollo limb list and stuff like that and it was so difficult to maintain. So after us I really decided to build something that will be easier to maintain and that's how I end up building story short. So I saw a post from a guy building a tool to automate posting faceless video on YouTube, Tik Tok, etc. And the numbers were crazy. So I started to investigate is it hard to build and where is the traffic coming from? The really good thing with this one is all the traffic was from Facebook ads which means I can replicate it literally in a week because Facebook ads you just have to start it and you have the traffic. So I went for it. I built the tool launched ads and story shorti grew very fast. So story short, it was 100% the process I described earlier. I validated the idea. I saw there a clear demand. It was simple product and it was a market I was personally interested in. >> All right, before we finish talking about how Samuel grew his apps to $34,000 per month, let's talk about something a lot of solers struggle with. Design. You've got a working idea. You know it solves a problem, but suddenly you've wasted hours taking screenshots just to figure out how to make your app look good. That's where Mobin comes in. Mobin is the world's largest library of realworld mobile and web app designs. Over 1.7 million people, from Airbnb designers to indie devs, use it to find inspiration, study flows, and build smarter, not slower. You can search thousands of actual product screens by keyword, flow, or even style. Whether you need an onboarding flow, payw wall layout, or just a clean signup form, Mobin shows you exactly how the best apps do it so you don't have to start from scratch. Whether you're building your first app or your 10th, it's a massive timesaver. Just click the first link in the description to check out Mobin. Thank you to Mobin for sponsoring this video. All right, let's get back to Samuel. All right, so I mean on that note, can you break down the three different businesses that you built that are all successful? >> Okay, so I built us.com. It's a LinkedIn scrapping tool that is making around $15,000 per month and has around 10,000 customers. I have storyshow.ai, which is an AI video generator for Tik Tok and YouTube that is making around $20,000 per month and has around $4,000 customers. And Capacity.so, which is brand new. It's an AI coding tool that is making currently $900 per month and has around 50 users. >> Okay, that's awesome. So we talked about the ideas, we talked about the framework for finding ideas, let's talk about what everyone wants to hear about, which is once you find the idea, how do you grow the business? What growth strategies are you using and how do you know which ones to do? >> So I always start by running ads. It's always the first thing I do. So I do it on Google and meta depending on the product. Sometimes it's better on Google, sometimes it's better on meta. It's the fastest way to validate and test the market. And as soon as I get some traction with ads, I move to the second part of the growth, which is SEO. I think too many apps rely only on ads and never got a single visitor from Google. Of course, SEO takes time, but once it works, it's almost free traffic and it compounds. I also use faceless YouTube channels to grow my apps. I even created a feature inside Story Short for this. The idea is that story short will automatically publish daily UGC style video about your product on YouTube channels, Tik Tok and Instagram. You can create multiple channel that talk about your product every day on autopilot. So depending on your niche, this can bring crazy results over time. It works really well. And finally, I do affiliate marketing. I did it for all those three apps, especially on Story Short. It's a super important because not only does it bring clients at a fixed cost, but it also create virality because I have many people doing a YouTube video about story short writing articles. So it bring a zero results and people are more likely to share your product if they earn a commission. So in short to my grow stack is one start with ads. Two build SEO as soon as there's traction three use faceless YouTube channel to drive attention on also on Tik Tok and Instagram. And four run an affiliate program to boost virality and get customers at a fixed price. >> All right cool. Well on a similar note let's talk about tech stack. I know you don't come from a software engineering background but what stack do you build your apps in and how do you deploy these? So all my apps are built with NexJS and NodeJS for the coding part. I use Href for the SEO analysis and I use also AI tools for writing articles. So for the SEO so I was using SEO which is really great but now I just switched to a new one called outrank.so. It really automates the writing of article posted automatically on your blog and I use Versel for deploying my apps, Stripe for payments and yeah that's it. That was great. On a similar note, people who are watching are probably wondering, "Okay, you're telling us how much money your business is making, but what's the profit? What's the cost to run this business and how profitable are these?" >> Well, us cost me around $4,000 per month. And story short, cost me around $5,000 per month. So, it cost a bit less than us because Artimis you have to run instances to automate many things. So, it's quite expensive. And capacity, I can't tell yet, but it will be quite expensive because we have to run instances to deploy a website each time. >> Cool. You built a bunch of successful businesses. Some things have worked, some things haven't. What did you learn while building those businesses that surprised you? >> What really surprised me uh is that you don't need to innovate. You just need to see what is working on ex in communities, on forums, and build your own alternative, your own version of a product. If you like the product and see that it's working, just clone the idea, build an MVP in two weeks and launch ads immediately. I think people are always over complicated this uh but simple boring tools are what makes the most of money I think. >> Great. And last question that we ask everyone who comes onto the channel, if you could go back in time and stand on Samuel's shoulder when you were an optitian, what advice would you give him to get started to build apps and make money online? My first advice would be of course to use AI coding tools. At that time there was no coding tool but today you can use so many AI coding tools that I think that I wouldn't have learned to code. Two would be spend time learning Google ads and meta even X ads and there are many ads you can learn. Three launch as soon as possible. Skip the boring parts of building a SAS like the password reset pages setting pages. Just launch the minimal basic products and run ads to test demand right away. Once you get traction, focus on SEO. It will bring a compounding free traffic over time. And even if one day you want to sell the tool, having SEO traffic is also very valuable. And automate as much as you can use automation tools. So like outrank, story short, etc. to automate posting, article creation, as much as you can. Finally, once you have growth and customers coming daily, I would finish the product, bring new feature, etc. >> All right. Well, that's great advice. I love your strategy. I love the business that you're building. Thank you for coming on the channel, Samuel. And I hope everyone watching this learned something and you're going to build cool stuff because of it. Thanks for coming on. >> Thanks, bud. >> I love Samuel's story because it goes to show that you don't need to invent a brand new idea. You can go find something that's already working and just make it a little bit better. With the right process and the right approach, anybody can build something successful. And inside Starter Story Build, we'll show you how to build apps the right way. In just 2 weeks, you'll find an idea, build it with AI, and ship it out into the world. Over 1,000 people have already joined and shipped their first apps. So, if you want to finally bring your idea to life, head to the link in the description and check out Starter Story Build. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @starterstory [2 likes]: Ship Your First iOS App in 7 Days (free course): https://clickhubspot.com/dkfa
  2. @dagobello: Cloning is patent infringement unless you are really improving it. Must check with patent lawyer.
  3. @BlockheadJiujitsu: This is the issue. All these pages selling easy money rely on people being immoral assholes to do it. It's always easy to make money this way, now there's millions of youtube videos showing you how to do it faster with AI and vibecoding. A ton of people will go for it (and maybe get a ton of money in the short run) but we really need more people actually being useful to the world instead of doing this shite.
  4. @AJ_real: Nope, I'd rather make something never seen before.
  5. @UndeadRedux: 😂😂 its the same guy
  6. @JYCourse: sounds so doable until you get on the ai app generators, even google studios, or the many ai video generators, and realise none of them can produce anything that works.
  7. @riomcgee453: Pat C'mon. We know Sam is You . Great bizz idea but horrible french accent! work on it ..Geesh🤦🏿‍♂️
  8. @polyglotomathotheophilos1941: Does this guy has 3k real subs and 800k bought?
  9. @LastTimeDownBand: Producer guy: "It must've been difficult to find someone who looks exactly like you and unironically interview them about making apps that are exactly like other apps"

Writer guy: "Actually it was super easy, barely an inconvenience..." 😂

Sorry I couldnt resist, great video man!
  10. @adam-xt8te: AI crap
  11. @Monkeydew1o2: So when I get hammered with slop content, its just homeboy over here? Making 6 figs? damn
  12. @nithyabuilds: this is so interesting
  13. @yukobursulaia7686: You got no friends... 🥲
  14. @justLamonte: you could make a video on the you dont need to innovate part, can we get a part 2 he talked about communities but didn't go in depth at all - now im curious 11:26
  15. @J123-d8j: "I would use it myself" o, ,good luck to myself. I don't even use my phone so much. just develop apps. oh gawd, why would I waste my time on the phone? also too cheap-ass to pay for any subscription and I hate ads. :D
  16. @stefanobrambilla5646: I get the idea of picking something already validated, but in my opinion the way described by the interviewed person is totally wrong.
He's clearly talking about making applications clones, but then he's clearly giving wrong advices on how to start programming (hey, I know all the software engineers out there knows what I'm talking about).
Well if I stop and think about it, it makes sense: he just copy other people ideas, so probably he's afraid everyone else will do the same with his products, therefore gives the worst advices to start programming.
The only thing that makes me feel better is that I don't believe to his declared MRR: please someone explain me why someone who makes something like half a million bucks per year should live in an empty small flat
  17. @theflowwizard: Very inspiring! You talked about validating an idea by using ads. I'm wondering, how to do that? Any advice?
  18. @sabreum: I miss people sharing the stories where they failed. He's mentioned 3 success business and a few that were not successful. This is the golden bit he's not willing to share.
  19. @Stevencanfix: Bragging that you're copying peoples apps on the App Store will get you banned
  20. @starsunderer: again the volume /voice quality differences are an issue,

- EASILY Get 10,000 App Downloads in 2025 with THESE Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en App A App B They both do the same thing. If you compare the two, App A has better UI/UX, better customer support, better pricing, Better everything, basically. BUT App B has better visibility. It's on the first page of app store&nbsp; search results and App A isn’t. App A may be a better product, but App B will have more views and downloads. All things being equal, app B will&nbsp; be a more profitable business. In this video, I’ll be covering App&nbsp; Store Optimization, also known as ASO,&nbsp;&nbsp; the science behind giving&nbsp; visibility to your app and&nbsp;&nbsp; converting that visibility&nbsp; into views and downloads. Let me caveat this by saying that&nbsp; App Store Optimization is marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; not product development. It supports a valid app. It's not&nbsp; going to save an app that doesn’t work,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a solution to a problem that doesn’t exist. Of course, marketing and product development&nbsp; should absolutely go hand in hand. I just want to be clear on where&nbsp; this adds value to your project. Why Do You Need to Learn ASO? Dear non-tech founder, Say you’ve created an MVP&nbsp; with a no code app builder. You’re gonna want to validate it with real users. You don’t want to ask your grandma. Actually, if old ladies are your&nbsp; target demographic, then by all means. Point is, you’ll need to source authentic users. Second situation, you’re&nbsp; hiring an in-house team and&nbsp;&nbsp; need to evaluate someone’s marketing knowledge. In both these cases, you’ll need to&nbsp; understand App Store Optimization. ASO is not a technical topic. You should know enough to do a decent job yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; or make sure the person you hire&nbsp; knows what they’re talking about. And that’s all I’m covering, just the&nbsp; basics of ASO for Google Play Store and&nbsp;&nbsp; Apple’s App Store to get any non-tech&nbsp; founder covered on the fundamentals. There are slight differences between Google and&nbsp; Apple, but its always two main stakeholders: The algorithm, and Users Before we start, a quick Public Service&nbsp; Announcement from the sponsor of our videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; who has chosen to remain anonymous&nbsp; to hide his incredible wealth. PSA: App Stores Have a Review Period! Hey guys, it's me, the sponsor of this video. Again, I’m definitely not Adrian.&nbsp; We look completely different. I actually work out. See this? Adrian doesn’t have this. Anyways, I have something important to tell you. App stores won’t let you just&nbsp; publish your app whenever you&nbsp;&nbsp; want - it needs to pass a review process. Their official statements say ‘just&nbsp; a few days’, but it can take longer. So whatever date you want to launch on, submit&nbsp; the app for review at least two weeks beforehand. Better safe than sorry. How do I know all this even&nbsp; though I’m just a video sponsor? Adrian taught me. He’s amazing. His&nbsp; agency is amazing. Subscribe. Subscribe. K bai. What do you mean I don’t have biceps? Anyways, two parts, remember?&nbsp; Algorithm first, users second. We’ll start with the algorithm.&nbsp; App Store Optimization&nbsp; Strategies for The Algorithm What you need to remember about&nbsp; algorithms is that their function&nbsp;&nbsp; is to promote relevant and quality apps to users. So your app store optimization strategy should&nbsp; convince them your app is worth promoting. We do this with Keywords&nbsp; Positive user feedback. Performance metrics Let’s start with keywords The specific term is metadata - just&nbsp; in case you ever come across that term. If a user searches for ‘apple’,&nbsp; the algorithm will look for apps&nbsp;&nbsp; that say ‘apple’ or something&nbsp; related like ‘fruit’ or ‘pie’. As far as we know, the Google Play&nbsp; Store algorithm looks for keywords from: The package ID The app title&nbsp; The short and long descriptions User reviews The Apple App store looks for keywords from: The app URL The app subtitle The keyword field The biggest difference here is that Google&nbsp; scans your descriptions for keywords. Apple doesn’t. Instead, they’ve got a keyword&nbsp; field that’s only visible to you. You provide Apple with the keywords&nbsp; you’d like your app to rank for. With Google, you just do your thing,&nbsp; and they’ll see if they like it. What can you do to maximize your&nbsp; keyword usage for either platform? Look up popular competitor apps and&nbsp; see what kind of keywords they’re using&nbsp; Don’t repeat keywords - use a&nbsp; variety provided they’re relevant&nbsp; Don’t keyword stuff your product&nbsp; descriptions - space it out&nbsp; You still need to appeal to&nbsp; users - remember to sound human&nbsp; If this is for something serious, consider&nbsp; paying for a keyword tool like App Radar. If you want to see good keyword usage in action,&nbsp;&nbsp; I recommend checking out Signal’s&nbsp; product pages on both app stores. They’ve used a variety of&nbsp; keywords across their sections,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it doesn’t read like a boring manual. Of course, Apple won’t show you the keyword field,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it’s a fair bet that a lot of Signal’s&nbsp; keywords will also be used in their description. Next up, we look at Reviews and ratings Positive reviews, negative reviews and no&nbsp; reviews all tell the algorithm something. Positive and negative reviews are&nbsp; pretty self-explanatory, I think. No reviews can be taken to&nbsp; mean your app is pretty meh,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a competitor with better&nbsp; engagement can overtake you in ranking. We’ll stick to Signal, let’s look at&nbsp; their main stats in the Play Store: Three-quarters of their two million&nbsp; ratings are five-star reviews. They’ve got a teeny tiny percentage&nbsp; of people who gave them 1 star. You can’t please everyone,&nbsp; and the algorithm knows this. If you have a million users and a&nbsp; hundred negative reviews, no big deal. If you have ten users and eleven&nbsp; negative reviews, very big deal. Your app is so bad that somehow even&nbsp; people who haven't used it don’t like it. But for MVP validation, you know&nbsp; that’s just what you need to do. To add on to this: Not all positive and negative reviews are equal Some users will say stuff like ‘attractive or&nbsp; unattractive design’ which could apply to any app. The best kind of review you can get&nbsp; are ones that validate your USP. In the case of Signal, they claim to offer secure&nbsp; messaging, so this is what they want to see: Those underlined parts are great because it&nbsp; contributes towards ASO from the algorithm. It’s not you saying you’re good at something,&nbsp; here’s a real-life user verifying it. This also means the opposite is true:&nbsp;&nbsp; a review that criticises your app’s ability&nbsp; to deliver what it promises is very damaging. As publishers and developers, focus on delivering&nbsp; great UX through an intuitive and attractive UI. Really understand your user&nbsp; journey, because then you can… Be strategic about when to ask for a review This is actually quite a bit less to do with&nbsp; marketing and more to do with product development. The two really do go hand in hand. If you want reviews, you need to ask for them. If you want positive reviews,&nbsp; choose when to ask wisely. You’ve experienced those annoying pop-ups&nbsp; on apps asking you to review and rate them. They’re like mosquitoes, and you&nbsp; know what we do to mosquitoes right? Wait until users have had a&nbsp; positive experience with your app. After they’re done making a purchase. Gotten off a call, Read three articles. Opened a mystery prize that&nbsp; gives them ten billion coins. Just don’t interrupt them while&nbsp; they’re getting shit done. Also, space out your requests. Don’t ask them every time,&nbsp; it gets irritating fast. If you’ve ever browsed Reddit’s website on mobile,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know they are relentless about&nbsp; asking you to download their app. I literally have to hit not now on every page. Thing is, I’m on Reddit a lot. I think I’d find the app useful, but I’m&nbsp; never downloading it just because I hate&nbsp;&nbsp; how Reddit put advertising&nbsp; above my user experience. And I’m not alone. Ok, now I’m done. Come back here. See, you just have to know when&nbsp; to catch people in a good mood. Of course, some people are&nbsp; never in a good mood, so be prepared to… Handle Negative Reviews Gracefully Your app could cure cancer. Someone will still find&nbsp; something to complain about. Don’t ignore these people. Reasonable or not, their emotions are valid. Also, your app is new, and every&nbsp; review carries more weightage. So respond to all of them,&nbsp; especially unhappy ones. Apologise for negative experiences. Mention that bugs are being patched. Address requests for features. If you want to be a successful founder, you&nbsp; need to be responsive and care about users. Make them feel heard and appreciated. Turn critics into your most vocal supporters. Converting a low rating into&nbsp; a higher one has been proven&nbsp;&nbsp; to boost your user conversion rate like crazy. Ok, that wraps up ratings and reviews. It’s more&nbsp;&nbsp; straightforward than keywords&nbsp; I think, just make sure you: ask users for a review at the right time, and address negative feedback That brings us to... Performance Metrics for App Store Optimization&nbsp; ASO for the algorithm doesn’t stop once a&nbsp; user downloads and starts using your app. It’s just begun. In fact, it never ends. The algorithm will now monitor&nbsp; how well your app performs. Things it measures include: Stability - how prone is your&nbsp; app to crashing, and where?&nbsp; Rendering time - how fast does&nbsp; it take to load the interface?&nbsp; Energy-drain - how power-hungry is&nbsp; your app compared to competitors?&nbsp; Startup time - how long does it take for&nbsp; your app to go from closed to running?&nbsp; Permissions - how keen are users on granting&nbsp; you access to their devices and data? For Google, this can be accessed via&nbsp; their Play Console, and for Apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; head to their App Analytics via App Connect. You need to check your stats regularly at first&nbsp;&nbsp; because there will always be bugs&nbsp; and you need to address them quickly. Past that point, always make sure your app’s&nbsp; performance performs at or above benchmarks,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially as the user base grows and your puny&nbsp; little no-code app gets stretched to its limit. Sorry, elitist developer side speaking there. Everything we’ve seen so far tells&nbsp; us how to speak to the algorithm. Hey, algorithm, I’m an app and I’m really&nbsp; good at providing a certain service. And the algorithm is like, prove it. So I go, Look at these keywords I’m linked to Look at my rave reviews&nbsp; Look at my zero crash rate I’m legit, bro. And the algorithm is like, ok, ok, pretty good,&nbsp; I’ll recommend you to my millions of customers. You’ve won over the machine, now for the humans.&nbsp; Strategies for User Conversion At this point, your app appears at the&nbsp; top when there's a relevant search. But it’s not the only option&nbsp; - there will be competition. You need to use every visual and&nbsp; text-based trick to convince the&nbsp;&nbsp; right kind of users to visit your&nbsp; app product page and download it. There’s slight differences between stores, but&nbsp; here are the ones you need to focus on for both. App Icon Screenshots,&nbsp; Video and Description Let’s start with App Icon Your icon alone should give an&nbsp; indication of what your app offers. Let’s look at Signal’s icon in isolation Judging from the speech bubble,&nbsp; we can guess its a messaging app Now let’s put it next to WhatsApp. They’ve both got speech bubbles, so&nbsp; they’re both definitely messengers. From there, the design differences are clues. Whatsapp has a phone - it’s telling users,&nbsp; hey, I can help you make phone calls. Signal has a line around it to&nbsp; represent a layer of protection - hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; I provide security for your messages. Look at the icon and the&nbsp; title as a whole, they fit. I have to say, I do think it&nbsp; could have been done better. I think on iconography alone,&nbsp;&nbsp; something like SafeSwiss does a better&nbsp; job of communicating ‘protection’. But hey, Signal’s icon is different enough to&nbsp; convince people, and that’s all it has to do. Let’s look at Signal’s&nbsp; screenshots from the Play Store. Here’s what’s good about them: They use Signal’s brand colour&nbsp; The screenshot is accompanied&nbsp; by clear and concise copy Signal’s five screenshots,&nbsp; plus the accompanying copy,&nbsp;&nbsp; clearly show and tell users what they&nbsp; can expect to get out of the app. Plus, it’s a chance to show&nbsp; their user interface in action. Signal only targets phone users, so&nbsp; they only need phone-sized screenshots. If your app is also optimized for tablets, include&nbsp; a couple of screenshots from a wider screen. Do I Need a Promo Video? Short answer: If you have to ask, probably not. Longer answer: Good quality video content&nbsp; is expensive and time-consuming to produce, Evaluate what a video can communicate to&nbsp; your users that screenshots alone cannot. Signal doesn’t have a video, they’re doing fine. Are screenshots not enough to&nbsp; clearly capture what your app offers? Does your app contain video&nbsp; elements that are crucial to the UX? If you have a case for a promo video, make sure&nbsp; you set aside enough resources to execute it well. And that’s it! We’ll recap everything now but&nbsp; first, holy crap that was a long one. When you’ve been doing it for so long you&nbsp; don’t notice how much actual work goes into it. Editor, can I have a cup of coffee, please? Thank you. ASO Strategies&nbsp;&nbsp; For Algorithms: Takeaways Level up your keyword game by&nbsp;&nbsp; doing research or paying for a tool Plan when to ask users for reviews&nbsp; Respond to negative reviews to&nbsp; convert them into supporters&nbsp; Monitor your app’s vital performance metrics ASO Strategies For Users: Takeaways&nbsp; ALL assets here must be pleasing to the&nbsp; eye and consistent with your branding&nbsp; indication of what your app offers&nbsp; Your screenshots should show&nbsp; users key value propositions&nbsp; include some copy to clarify what users are seeing Video is not always necessary Again, these are the basics of ASO.&nbsp; These are things you definitely need&nbsp;&nbsp; to know and need to do if you want&nbsp; your app to appear on anyone’s radar. ASO is a rabbit hole, you&nbsp; can go way deeper than this,&nbsp;&nbsp; into things like A/B testing and&nbsp; localized keyword optimization. Here’s my advice, all knowledge&nbsp; is useless until you need it. Right now you don’t need it. As a non-tech founder, you’re gonna&nbsp; be playing lots of different roles. You need to be a jack of all trades. Get your app optimized in the app or play&nbsp; store with these basic principles first. And because I know you’ve already forgotten,&nbsp;&nbsp; remember to submit your app for&nbsp; review with a 2-week buffer window! Whatever leftover time you have,&nbsp; pour it into product development. Thank me later. Or thank me now, by subscribing to&nbsp; my channel for more content on app&nbsp;&nbsp; development for non-tech founders. I’d like&nbsp; to cover more practical topics like these. Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you think the video was too long or was it an&nbsp; ok length? Would love to hear your thoughts. And If you want to see marketing and&nbsp; product development done simultaneously,&nbsp;&nbsp; check out my story on Alex Turnbull, a non-tech&nbsp; founder who created a highly successful software&nbsp;&nbsp; company with no technical co-founder. Alex made&nbsp; lots of great decisions and a few bad ones,&nbsp;&nbsp; I learned a lot from studying&nbsp; him and I think you will too.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhilsDrive [2 likes]: My brother, I'm from South Africa and only just starting out in this venture. I appreciate your knowledge-sharing it's simple to understand

😊😊😊thanks a million man
  2. @qodakkingdelove5048 [1 likes]: Bruh, I like your vibe 🎉🎉🎉
  3. @abhinav3478 [1 likes]: This is the best comment i wrote so far. This is for visibility
  4. @theperson624 [1 likes]: I immediately subscribed when I saw this quality content right here
  5. @officialstrecker6881 [1 likes]: best video i've seen on ASO, you're talented bro!
  6. @holamejessie: thank you man
  7. @beautiful-love9889: Video and length was 10/10. Great sense of humour!
  8. @VictorDenis-s1l: Good and rich content, keep it up
  9. @antoniopontedavila: Great video!!! Long enough +!
  10. @theblowoutfeature: Nice shirt bro
  11. @vigneshyesvy8874: Great content
  12. @KarinaBoura: Your videos are so informative! Thank you ❤
  13. @DREAMTOYS1: Best video keep it up
  14. @flamationstudios: Thanks!
  15. @ManojKumar-iu3zh: Nice video ❤
  16. @tamriegeatnetaddis-oe9du: A is the great video
  17. @CYBONIX: Adrian, this was an awesome video!  I know I am watching it ayear later, but I still need to know how to monetize my apps thru Ads Clicks on the Google Play Store.  I don't want ads in my app.
  18. @mahesh5452: Thank you
  19. @georgelgrama5943: Hello, please, can you help me, I also have Android 14 and One UI 6.0 on my phone, I want to look for 2 applications on the play store and I can't find them, but when I search on Google, it says that your device is not compatible with this application. please, how do I proceed?
  20. @aminbakhshi6635: Love your brother. Thank you so much for everything. It's been amazing video and quite really informative. I got everything i needed to know. thank you thank you thank you soooooooooo much. You nailed it bro. once again; thank you sooo much. I am looking forward to learn more from you.

- How I learned iOS Development in 30 Days? 0 to Pro!: Kind: captions Language: en So hello everyone, today I'll be sharing my journey of becoming an IOS developer. Happy face. I was an Android Developer for a long time but now I also do iOS development on the side. I also do Android. I'm able to do both. I'll share with you an in-depth journey how I was able to become an IOS 12 in a month without any online course. How was I able to learn everything on my own? What are the steps I took? And if you also want to learn how you can get one of the highest-paid job related to mobile app development right now in 2022. So let's get started. So just like every middle-class student, the journey starts with resources. Whenever I used to think that I want to do iOS development or I want to make iOS apps, iPhone is far off I didn't even have a Macbook The first step is to have a MacBook but then I used another method where I tried to install hackintosh in my Windows laptop. I put it in my Windows laptop and tried to make an app but I didn't enjoy it. I tried it for 1-2 days. I didn't get the feel cause I used to think that I'll only get the feel when I'll be able to install the app on a physical device. You are able to feel the app. But in the emulator or in the iOS you call it a simulator I didn't get the feel of doing iOS development. So I quit. I said I'll wait. I'll wait to get a MacBook and then only I'll go for it and that day came after two years. Then I was in my second year of college. I made a video as well. Why I bought a laptop for $2800. I bought it in installments. I thought it would be worth it. I had just started YouTube. I wasn't making an income from YouTube. It was all from my on-campus job. I did it through installment. I had cut down on my living expenses and I thought of investing in myself. The things that can help me improve and better my skills, I'll invest in them. I'll sacrifice my comfort, living comfort and even my food. Through that, I was able to attend many hackathons I attended them full-on, the Android Development speed got boosted and I could finally get into iOS development. You don't need to do that, let me tell you it won't make much difference if you download Hackintosh on your Windows laptop. But I didn't get the feel so I felt like spending. So I made my first app which was like this Which was regarding detecting face. You could detect a face and it would convert it into speech. It was a simple app. for the Hackathon. If someone is blind and can't see what's going on Banana. So it tells you everything using that app. The first app that we made in a Hackathon. It was all a team effort and I am very proud of it. So the journey started from here and I had made this app with zero iOS development experience and only be learning within the team and Hackathon from each other, we created this project in 24 hours. I had zero skills once again. I only knew Android development and didn't know iOS at all. And I'm telling you this in-depth because in today's world if you read the job requirements. For example, if you read the requirements to become an IOS developer It will never be written anywhere that you should know this language very well. For example, if we see this XYZ company on enhance, it's written that you should know at least one object-oriented language like objective C, C++, C Sharp, Java, and even on Facebook or Meta, it's written that you should know either Objective C or Swift. The reason that I'm telling you this is that today these skills like iOS development, and Android development, you can learn them in 400-500 rupees. There is no ad. I'm telling you that even if you go to YouTube you'll get a course for 400 rupees but that course will clear your concepts but don't think that those concepts will be used in your interview or those concepts will be used in your real-world programming because when you become a programmer, you should think that any problem in life can be solved by you. That should be the mentality of a programmer. And I can proudly say that I learned everything from the basics to advanced on my own I learned concepts and I was able to get the project tasks done on time and let's continue with the journey My first project was in the Hackathon and after that I took a break from iOS development I focused on placements and Android development. I also had schoolwork and after that, I started my full-time job as an Android developer. I didn't start with iOS because I didn't had enough experience in that. I kept my focus on Android cause it was free and if you want to publish the apps it takes $25 and you can publish as many as you want on the Play Store. But for the iOS, you have to give $100 every year. So I thought that if I can't publish the apps then I will wait for now I can continue later. So here I paused my iOS development journey and I waited till I joined as a full-time software engineer. Honestly, the biggest benefit of being a software engineer is that you can easily switch teams. You can go from Android to iOS. You can move to a big team or a small team So you can move around by taking permission from your manager. So I did the same. We had an Android project and we were working on an iOS project side by side I took their tickets and that project on my own, I felt very nervous but I thought let's solve a bug. How tough can it be? And I spent one week on a simple bug. The answer to that was just one line of code. I wasn't able to understand at first and I was struggling with nervousness Why am I so slow with iOS development? Why do I take so long? I felt good at first that I found an environment where I can learn. It was during the Covid time and to ask for help from someone on iOS when I had zero knowledge about that project I felt quite difficult to ask people. Firstly I'm learning your project and then I'm asking for your help it felt weird to ask people for help. So I just dealt with it. I thought it had less priority so I learned on my own. They gave me the bug. I spent one week and I was able to do it. And to solve that one bug I learned around 10-15 things regarding iOS development which were outdated. If you'll go to an online course for example a Udemy course they teach Swift UI and other new things regarding iOS development. In fact, the video that I made on valentine's day about making my first iOS app I made that using Swift UI which is the latest technology. But the reality is that even today 40% of the companies use objective C. If you don't know the Objective C programming language then you can't fit easily in that environment. I myself with great difficulty added features in that app with them. I'm telling you the reality that if you take any online course today then that doesn't mean that you know everything about that programming language about that development environment be it iOS or Android. If you take Kotlin's course that doesn't mean you can do it in Java easily. Yes, the concept is the same but you'll struggle a little bit. So for example, I ask you what are the languages you can speak then you'll at least say Hindi and English. If I'll ask you What is the meaning of Attalica? Vibhishika? Khudra? Maybe you can't answer even though, you know Hindi. Do you know why? Because one can't have the complete knowledge of a language. So that's why I'm telling you that whether you learn from a course even if you learn every single concept I can guarantee you will not know everything about about the project, app development environment, or anything else. So that's why you should have a mentality that I'm a programmer. I can solve any problem and I can learn quickly. So I did the same in my internship and in my full-time job. I was doing Android and then took an extra side project. I tried to learn on my own and tried to understand their project A-Z. Understood their code base and searched everything. Like how to make a UI that is already in the story board Sometimes I make the UI dynamically in Objective C which is very outdated. So I have learned even these outdated things. Even though I knew that after 2-3 years in the future it might be dead. Maybe people will shift to Swift UI which is the latest technology. But I learned it and that's the definition of a programmer. I learned, made an app, and added features to it. Within one month. 30 days. Within one month I was able to add two features and around 3-5 bugs in a month. So this proves that I can do it in one month. Starting from a project that was handed to me and without any online course from scratch. Now, I'll tell you which resources I used. So the number one resource that I used is LearnXinYminutes.com Here you can study any programming language. Like what is the Syntax. So in Learn X in Y minutes I searched Learn X in Y minutes C++ or objective C. Because our project was in Objective C I did this and I learned objective-c on the spot and I was able to understand Syntax to bear a minimum. I had some doubts. The small doubts that I had got cleared on a video call. I asked as much as I thought was okay. I cleared them by taking 15 minutes with my Senior developer. Then after that in the next project the problem that we had was in C++ Now the next problem was to learn C++ with Objective-C How are they interacting? For that, we had knowledge exchange sessions. in our company and it helped. But it didn't cover everything so I did some research The things I was able to find out were that I understood myself The things I couldn't understand I understood in knowledge exchange sessions. And I was able to add definitions. And then I was able to add features properly so my work never stopped I was always curious to learn and I took help from a lot of people. A company has many iOS developers if you reach out to everyone and ask them for 15 minutes even after that the developers won't end from whom you can ask for help. So that's the reality and I was lucky that I was in the company from the beginning so I benefitted. I was able to call myself a programmer first and then an iOS developer. If I'm given another project today in Swift I can promise and I can challenge that I'll be able to add features to that because I never learned from an online course where they tell you that this is how you make a UI in Swift UI. I learned on my own and if I have to make any kind of UI in any way, I can make it and I can challenge that. So that's how I learned. If you want to learn then for the first time I'll say You can definitely go for courses and videos cause I've been programming for 2-3 years. Even in college as well. Even you know in a software engineering environment and in a company so I'm used to self-learning. But you may not have that so that's why you can go to Udemy If you'll see my Udemy, you'll see that I have taken so many classes I never hesitate in investing in myself. We spend lakhs on a college degree but hesitate a lot to buy an online course for 500 rupees. But I never hesitated, you can see on my profile I have taken around 13 courses so far. I downloaded many courses to see how they made an app and then learned it. I saw that if I can't learn it myself then I'll watch the videos. I saw videos of many courses and I tried every course I did this and that, even tried Udacity although I found it to be longer I found Udemy to be shorter and that's why I went for Udemy You can try the same and remember you're only learning the concept But you'll have to do the programming with practice on your own only then you'll learn and the next step will be to pick a project You can search for open-sourced projects. So let's say I searched for open-sourced projects iOS You can choose any project. Here there is a link for 21 on Medium and then over there you can download any project using GitHub and see what you can add to that. From the existing projects, you'll get to know how is the code structure? How is the code written? What rules have they followed? Every company has its own rules like whether to use tabs or single spaces like we had talked about in Amazon's leadership principles video. So basically the idea is that the more you'll see existing projects the more you'll look at good code the more your familiarity with good-looking code will increase. And you'll be able to write that code as well. So that's the reality of how I think I was able to learn quickly because I always look at good code always listen to good code from my teammates and speak as well because when I'm writing I speak too. Listen good, speak good. That's the rule. I think that I followed and you can as well. So that'll be it and I can honestly say that I'm not a fully proficient iOS developer but I can implement any feature. With some time given. Because I need some time to learn. And I can definitely make it work. So that'll be it for the journey. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next one. Goodbye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @xyz_abc123-r2i [4 likes]: In 30 days you learned Swift programming only ,  there are storyboard, uikit, and SwiftUi also , some objective C is also there along with some API and testing tools. Understand ....!!!!
  2. @lumeshkumarsahu1734 [1 likes]: I am react native developer and working in android ..

I want to switch in ios ... 


I am having doubt is .. after working in ios , Will i be an ios developer or not ...
  3. @venkateshan.p1940 [1 likes]: Sir I want to create an application which works on both Android and IOS platform can you tell me which can I start from the scratch to reach it.
  4. @SAFAL-0-0-7 [1 likes]: Bhai tumare pas laptop tha atleast yaha to wo bhi nhi hai 😢
  5. @Denoxxster: Better to watch it in 1.5x
  6. @mewmewkitty1: 8:40
  7. @WhoAMI-gv4rz: @Harnoor, I saw your code in aloha pos code at NCR. U worked on mobile too.
  8. @ataullayevrasulbek: bro speak english or your language
  9. @nabeelshah1182: Can I learn iOS developer
  10. @thedigitalguardian: any IOS developer here? from kolkata / westbengal? does freelancing ?
  11. @ФлораДябина: 2746 Bergnaum Motorway
  12. @mauricealgorithm7320: What language is he speaking
  13. @meezan_one: bhai me web developer hu react js , vue js se website banata hu or mujhe android & ios development me switch karna hai or guidance chahiye or me abhi ek remote job bhi kar raha hu at 2 LPA while i am pursuing m BCA and i only 19 if u guide me and tell me more abiut it would more helpful brother
  14. @Rohan_is_discovering: What MacBook Air is good to learn iOS development. Please comment 🙏
  15. @5mintoheaven871: bhaiya which is best to pursue iOS developer or full stack developer (salary included)
  16. @piyush-t7b: nice journey sir but improve more and more
  17. @ankeecodeverse: I've recently embarked on a new adventure by starting my own channel. I'm hopeful that it will grow and reach many viewers. Thank you for joining me on this journey!
  18. @WildleTrot: What you say which is better flutter or react native for development?
  19. @AdnanSami-jp1en: please make a tutorial how to turn my windows pc into hackintosh or using vm.
  20. @malvarez-gaming: why do you make an inglish video with inglish title if 50& of everything is indian.... i did not understand pretty much anything

- How to Collect Pokemon Cards Without Going Broke In This Insane 2026 Market!: Kind: captions Language: en Pokemon cards in 2026 are a lot of things. Though, I'm going to tell you what they're not. They ain't cheap. So, in this video, I want to uncover how to collect Pokemon cards in this insane 2026 market without feeling like you're just burning the candle at both ends. I mean, let's get serious. No one wants to pay 20 USD for one booster pack. That's just not that fun. And most certainly, you're almost looking at disappointing returns when opening the pack when you pay such a high price premium. Then, I suppose the question becomes, how do you build a collection in the current climate? I know the hobby's expensive right now, man. Please, don't get discouraged. I know things are seem really out of reach and it just feels like you're always behind. And I suppose before getting into the practical tips of this video, I do want to cover one super important aspect. And that is, do not compare your collection to others. Even though there's all these practical tips of how to collect and how how to do all these things, this is a much bigger important lesson about not overspending in the current market. You need to remember what you see online like whenever you see someone's crazy grail or or the chase card that they pull, what you're seeing is often the perfect case scenario because people just naturally share their wins far more than their losses. I just think it's a really important thing to to avoid that self-comparison because in this hobby, it is it's quite ego-driven, okay? Your collectibles just naturally pull that out of people. It's a it's a thing about this hobby. You go to card shows, you meet people. Everyone wants to one-up one another of what their collections are. They're the problem with collectibles. It just has this natural way of of attracting egos as well. So, before you even think about this overspending or anything like that, before I get into all these practical tips, it's just super important to not compare yourself to anyone or any of your friends or anything. Because, yeah, you can get yourself in a in a bit of a pickle right there, right? Though, the one key area that we need to speak about is undervalued Pokemon cards. So, the funny thing about this is at any given point at any time in the market, there's always an undervalued Pokemon card. Right now, there was one. Last year, there was one 3 years ago. There's always a card that is sitting under the radar and eventually, a lot of people will start wanting this card and it starts becoming quite expensive. Now, the key here when Pokemon cards are this expensive, a real key strategy is purchasing or learning to spot undervalued Pokemon cards. Now, I do have a video I'll link it right here for you if you are interested in that topic. But, what I really want to uncover is the undervalued Pokemon card phenomenon or how it kind of works. Because, there is always a card that is undervalued in the market. And that is probably a key strategy that you need to kind of equip yourself with in the current market. Now, what defines an undervalued Pokemon card and how you can spot them. Usually, if I want to just kind of keep this really simple cuz like I said, there is a whole video on that. But, usually, if it's a very popular Pokemon and it is in a high rarity and as well, very likely that for for a lot of cards previously, if it is a promo card, that usually starts ticking a lot of those boxes that have made previously undervalued Pokemon cards spike heavily in price. Real real common examples of this are the Mew 151 special illustration rare, the promo from the 151 UPC. That one's had enormous increases in price. Same with the Kingdra promo from shrouded fable or the Greninja promo. These cards usually tend to have big movements because of their high rarity and things like that. So, that is a thing that you need to consider as well when it comes to like equipping yourself with that kind of knowledge in today's market. You know, the days are gone of the luxury where you could just look at any booster box that you wanted online and you'd just be able to purchase that whenever you wanted. Th- Those days are are like gone. Like now, it's so different. You rarely, if there's a really incredible set like Ascended Heroes or Destined Rivals, they get sold out straight away. And then you're in in this kind of constant position where you're kind of pretty much chasing you're trying to keep up. You're playing catch-up. Even if there's Pokemon cards that you love and you think the illustrations are great, there's always a chance they could climb later in the future. Something especially like with illustration rares. This this is a really unique time in Pokemon because with the creation of illustration rares and special illustration rares, you've got some of the most unique-looking cards from particular Pokemon. And as the journey goes on, as Pokemon grows and people look back, they're going to want these in their collections cuz they're essentially such a unique one-for-one. And even though every Pokemon card is essentially a one-for-one, it's it's always unique. I think that like we can all agree that when you have it as an illustration rare, it does give it just that big of a difference than just like a standard Pokemon card. Now, also, as important as collecting on a budget is, so is tracking your collection. And Collector of the best ways to do that, who are the sponsors of today's video. Now, if you're serious about tracking your collection and seeing long-term price movements, then Collector is easily one of the best ways to do that. Collector actually has a lot of cool features and it works more than just a collectible price tracker. For example, it's a must-have tool when you're at card shows. Here with the trade analyzer feature, you can actually place in what you're offering versus what you'll be receiving and you can see if it's a fair match based on the current market prices. One aspect I love about Collector is how it allows me to actually separate my portfolio. So, as you can see here, I can separate my sealed Pokemon versus my PSA 10 Pokemon cards, my sealed Dragon Ball cards. You can get a whole big picture and it's super useful. Collector is easily a must-have tool. You can find all the details to download the Collector app in the video's description. A big thanks to them for always supporting the channel. Now, back to the video. Now, another area is pre-ordering your sets. So, right now, I find one of the easiest ways, especially with how expensive the hobby has become, is to pre-order your sets. And the best way to do that is as soon as the pre-order is available. And I found in my experience that usually like any if you if a new set drops, pretty much you have one to four days to lock in a pre-order. The reason why you can pre-order a bit easier in 2026 is because most major retailers do have pre-order limits right now and purchasing limits. So, for EB Games in Australia, I know it's usually two booster boxes and that's done and there. And a lot of places around the world are like that as well. So, with that, you will be if you're early, you should be able to pre-order a set. And that is the the key area to purchasing it for as close to well, you will get it for retail price if you pre-order a set, especially from a major retailer. Sure, it might be the prices might go 10, 20 bucks bit difference, but they're generally around that market. You're not going to be paying double retail price from a major retailer for a pre-ordered set. The big thing you want to avoid is chasing older sets. And that's a thing that's all too common. If you feel like you've missed out on Destined Rivals or if you feel like you've missed out on Ascended Heroes, not everyone is in that position to just chase all the sets and pay double or triple retail price. So, that's when you kind of have to decide, "Hey, maybe it's going to be smarter for me to pre-order a future set and pay as close as I can to retail price for that." Now, another area to discuss is waiting for a hype phase to calm down. So, usually when a new Pokemon product releases or a new set releases, there's a big hype period. And this is especially true for singles. Like singles are the biggest culprit of this because certain singles get very hyped during a certain time period and then there's massive momentum on these particular singles. One of the best things you can do is wait for that hype phase to slowly calm down before over-leveraging yourself on that or just get good at kind of deciphering whether or not it's getting hyped for a certain reason. Is it market manipulation? A lot of content creators speaking about this certain card? Because it's very likely that after a few months that it's going to calm down. Especially for new sets when they release. The worst kind of time to traditionally buy Pokemon cards for a new set is when they just release or in those first month or two after that release. Usually, by waiting a good amount of time like like 6 months to a year, prices do tend to be a bit more stabilized and it's usually a better time to purchase them. That is a real big thing, especially in 2026 is you don't want to be purchasing Pokemon cards the moment they release because even though you want the card in your collection, what's really funny is and I found this to be a really good strategy is if I sometimes really like a new card, okay? A good example is the Greninja from Twilight Masquerade. I loved it on release. I wanted to buy it on release. I was like, "I just really want it." Now, I didn't buy it the moment it released. I actually waited. It was about 8 months after it released to purchase it and add it to my collection. But, the good strategy with that is that I waited and I could see that, "Hey, after 8 months of release, I still want this in my collection." Big thing you don't want to do because there's a lot of cards that drop. Like like like Iron Hands from Prismatic Evolutions and and Raging Bolt as well. I really wanted them in my collection when they released. I really did. But now, I can see that right now would be a much better time to buy these. So, that's why seeing when there's a hype period. Like for example, like just off the top of my head in 2026, Ascended Heroes is really hyped right now. The prices are astronomical. I'm not saying the price is going to come down. It's very likely they may. But right now, with how the market's heading, Ascended Heroes is just going up and up and it's getting pretty crazy on how on how insane the prices for that are. So, that's why if if something feels really expensive and and you really want it in your collection, sometimes while waiting it out, you can see like, "Hey, do I still want it?" I mean, I remember with weight loss, my fitness coach always said, "Yeah, you're hungry now, but just wait an hour see if you're still hungry." And what's really interesting is when you're feeling really hungry and you're trying to like you're in a calorie deficit, you're trying to lose weight and then you're like, "Wow, I felt really hungry an hour ago. Now, by just waiting it out, I'm not really that hungry anymore." And that's kind of like the same thing with like wanting things as well. Like you initially really want it, but if you just wait it out, you can if you still got that insane appetite and that insane desire for that card, then it's a good idea to buy it because you can see it's a true genuine thing that you want. But a lot of the time, you can get just influenced of what's really popular online. Now, another area is just being okay with missing out. And in 2026, especially with how insane the Pokemon market is, this is an important skill to have. Being okay with missing out on popular sets and popular Pokemon cards is really really important right now because a lot of people just like they buy every set. Now, I'm I'm like that, too. I buy new sets. I get excited for them and I want them in my collection and I kind of have a thing like, "Hey, if I can buy the set, I want to It's a piece of history. I really want it in my collection, right?" That I I do that, too, but also I I make sure that I pre-order my sets. I actually if I missed out on a pre-order and if a set went really crazy in price, I personally wouldn't buy it because I don't like spending so much over retail on a particular product. Though, that's my own way I deal with it. Everyone collects differently. Some people are okay with overpaying. It just really depends where you are in your particular journey for collectibles and what you like purchasing as well. I am I my personal favorite way to collect is buying things usually at retail price and that's usually for like investing in collectibles as well, especially sealed product. When you buy at retail price, you've effectively bought it as pretty much as close as you can to the base point in the market. Sealed product has a base point in the market. That's why a lot of people love it is because at a certain point, I mean, it can always happen. It can drop way below retail price. It hasn't happened in a very long time, but you you you've effectively bought it at the point in the market where it's like, "Oh, yeah, that that's the essentially where everyone's agreed that's the retail price or the low point in the market." Soon as you start buying more expensive either they you you there can be things like reprints and things like that to happen. Now, the thing is and a lot of people who've been investing in Pokémon for a while, a lot of us still have like I know myself particular in particular, I have a bit of a thing where I'm like, "Oh, yeah, reprints can really tank a set." Now, the crazy thing is about modern Pokémon like 2025 onwards modern like just call it super modern Pokémon. Reprints haven't really had such devastating effects on the market, right? Like I remember Lost Origin booster boxes. When that reprint happened, that crashed, man. That like literally just all the sealed product for Lost Origin went super, super affordable. That really hasn't happened that much in this new 2025 era, but you can I'm very confident that one day a big reprint will have that effect on the market and people will get a little bit less bullish and less confident. I think at the moment the Pokémon collectibles have a huge overconfidence and I don't blame why people feel that because if you look things have gone throughout the years, they just everything just goes up after a long period of time. In fact, it's very hard at the moment like in 2025 if you bought something at retail price, it's very likely it's going to continue to climb. It's just that kind of climate, but that's the season we're in right now. That season will eventually also change and people won't be that excited about that anymore and it won't have that dramatic pull power like it's had recently. You got to remember as well, collectibles are just getting people are entering from all parts of the world from all different genres that are jumping into collectibles. People that don't even care about Pokémon are jumping into Pokémon cards. That's That's really common. And I know you might be thinking, "No, no, no, it's not." No, no, no, I I can see on this channel there is so many people for sport card collectors and everything. They're just They're just interested in Pokémon collectibles at the moment, Ben. A lot of a lot of that has to do with pricing. I mean, when you combine all these aspects, you can well and truly begin building a Pokémon collection that is genuinely impressive. Though, of course, it just will take more time than it did in the past. The main thing though is just take time, patience, and care. But, I think the future of Pokémon cards, especially with 2026 and beyond, is a very interesting topic and one that a lot of people need to discuss. And if you are curious to see what I think about the future of Pokémon investing, I do explain that all in this video here. Within this video, I go into the future of Pokémon investing and lay it all out there. If you love this video, you're going to really love the next one. I really appreciate all of you watching. Don't forget to subscribe and yeah, click that video. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @4EverAwesomness92 [9 likes]: hobby is actually pretty cheap if you look around a little bit. But nooo everybody loves expensive stuff
  2. @LS-MU3IC [6 likes]: Hi Phil 👋 completely off topic but ever since you made a dragon ball video i can’t help but see you as an unlocked dragon ball Z character 😂
  3. @shadowfire_08 [6 likes]: too late, already bought all of the gold mega evo’s in PSA 10s 🕺🔥🍻 scared money don’t make money 🤑
  4. @justinross3211 [2 likes]: You guys are spoiled with EB games GameStop is trying to set the market with their prices on booster boxes. $300 chaos rising preorder. Will ascended heroes singles stabilize?
  5. @moonboy5851 [2 likes]: How to stop overpaying on vintage.
  6. @itachilimao [2 likes]: “U won’t be paying double the price from a retailer” GameStop literally charging $90 for Chaos Rising ETB😭😂😂
  7. @Jalynfein [1 likes]: I shoulda finished my 151 master set a year ago.
Now the prices are even higher.
  8. @samersalama6275 [1 likes]: I really hope people listen to you. This video is gold. Pre-ordering is always the best option when it comes to buying product. However, in the states it’s very difficult to get product at a decent price unless you catch it on the Pokemon center, or you catch it in store. Even then, there aren’t very many places that sell booster boxes. It’s just really tough right now and it’s been that way for about two years now lol. Another big point that I really liked is to stay away from the hype. Buying cards from a set that are very hyped at the moment is assure far away to waste money. Sometimes it works out, and the card you buy at relief doubles later down the road. However, it’s really rare, and you will lose more money than you gained with that approach. Nothing feels better than buying a card at the dip and then watching it grow after.
  9. @joshuabryant9191 [1 likes]: Says your discord links are invalid?
  10. @SlimBean824 [1 likes]: Comparison is the thief of joy
  11. @thebullybroadcast9251 [1 likes]: I collect all for my binder, cards I want Pokemon I know and want in my collection. If the price of a card is 2$ and I want it then awesome if a card is 200$ I either decide if I want to buy it or wait or pass, that’s it. I guess if u want the top chase cards of every box for some reason then that’s different but if ur actually collecting then buy what u want at ur own risk. Buying sealed product or any product to flip is not collecting.
  12. @focusrelax8838 [1 likes]: Phil did you notice that Clefairy IR and Clefable SIR from perfect order has a connected artwork? Put SIR above IR and look at the background connection between these 2. The cosmo/dream background connect perfectly
  13. @DM48858 [1 likes]: Phil make a video on all the cards you deemed undervalued in the past and see how you did. In this market I am sure all of them went up
  14. @nickv_lv [1 likes]: Game Stop has the charizard UPC for $250. That’s $130 above retail.. as a big box store.

I also have Chaos Rising on pre order with a local shop… granted $200 for a booster box so not too bad. But the same place is hosting a pre release event a week before where my fiancee and I are going to and we each are going to get 7 packs of chaos rising for going. So I’ll have 50 packs to open. Which I’m hoping to get some early luck on cards for my collection and hers!
  15. @dragonfruit1586 [1 likes]: Great tips! Having a super clear goal really is so darn important! Purchase cards with a theme in mind!
  16. @Rizaar27 [1 likes]: Whatnot
  17. @firemiracle [1 likes]: I’m glad I managed to find a local card shop near where I live, and best part is that they have boxes filled of single common cards from sets like destined rivals, mega, ascending heroes, journey together, etc. and each single common card costs like 25 cents or 50 cents if holo. it really helps me because that way I can buy the cards that I still don’t have in my collection. Sometimes I even get to buy full art cards as long as they’re not too expensive. Like I do would love to get the full art mega charizard from the Mega set and even though I did found it on the display cases of the card shop, I refused to buy it cuz I have rent and bills to pay after all 😅
But still! My local card shop is great! And hopefully I get to go to a card show, I went to my first ever card show last year and it was such an awesome experience and fun way to buy cards 😄
  18. @qifridek [1 likes]: That didn't apply for mega gengar for now because pull rate is 1 out of 2500 packs without considering god packs
  19. @bugoutsquad [1 likes]: Unless you’re pre ordering from GameStop
  20. @filthgrinder666: Lugia from silver temptest is easily the most undervalued car right now

- 15 Travel Apps That SMART Travelers Use In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en the best travel apps are constantly changing new ones are popping up and old ones are adding crazy new features that literally blow my mind I can almost guarantee you'll find a cool new app or feature that you haven't heard about before on this list and I'll show you some cool temples if you haven't jumped on the AI train yet chat GTP can essentially act as your own little personal travel assistant especially now that they have a handy Phone App instead of listing out all the ways you can use chat GTP to help you travel better let's just ask it now this is obviously all information that you can search for on Google but chat GTP is neat in that you can keep adding in more information to get more personalized results you're really only limited by your imagination for example I asked chat GTP plus to make me a table that includes the most popular areas of Catman de to stay in the pros and cons of each the distance from the airport prices to get to each area with different modes of transportation and a ton of other stuff including a map of the area as you can see the table looks pretty dang useful the map was a total fail but it's only a matter of time before this is doable anyway this is all just scratching the surface I plan to make a more detailed tutorial showing all the insane ways that you can use chat GTP to make travel easier including creating your own custom GPT so subscribe if you like traveling smarter and want to see more videos like these I feel pretty silly for not using this travel application sooner all these years I've planned trips using spreadsheets Apple notes screenshots and email folders to keep all my flight information and reservations organized together but whenever I need to reference something i' then have to dig through all those notes with TripIt all you have to do is forward all of your booking confirmation emails to plans tripit.com then it automatically brings everything together creating a One-Stop shop itinerary where you can see all of your hotel bookings flight and travel docs all in one simple dashboard as long as you don't log out of the app you can continue accessing the static version even when you're offline which is super handy I just Ed the free version and when combined with number eight on this list it's an absolute Game Changer the surf Shark app has been a lifesaver for us on many occasions while traveling it's a VPN which stands for a virtual private Network without getting too Tech on you it basically hides the data that you send through your internet connection and can make it look like you're accessing the web from a different location this is essential for travelers in four different ways first when you're traveling you'll likely be using public Wi-Fi whether that be at the airport your hotel restaurants Etc using a VPN helps protect your sensitive information from getting stolen when you're on unsecure networks second you may find that a country you're traveling in blocks the websites that you need to use here is a fascinating map showing internet censorship levels around the world some banks and financial institutions might also not work if they detect that you're outside the country and let me tell you losing access to your financial accounts is not something that you want to happen when you're halfway across the world surf shark helps with both of these problems because you can set your location to your home country or a 100 other countries this also opens up a little travel hack that can save some money when searching for things like flight and hotels and tours sometimes you can instantly get cheaper prices by switching the country that you're searching from it also comes in handy with Netflix and other streaming services each country has access to different movies and shows so whenever something isn't available in your current location whether you're at home or abroad you can just set it to whichever country you want I like surf shark because it lets you use unlimited devices with just one account so that Dian and I both use it on both of our phones both of our laptops and our iPad this video is not sponsored by surf shark by the way we're just happy customers who've been using it at home and while traveling for the past 2 years that said you can get around 80% off and up to 4 months free using our link down in the description by the way there are also free VPN out there and I used to use one of them myself but eventually I realized that when you use free VP PN then you are usually the product the company needs to make a profit one way or another which probably means selling the data they have on you to third parties not cool Google Translate is way more than a simple language dictionary it now has some pretty awesome features making it hands down one of the most useful apps for travelers you can have normal conversations with people by speaking into your phone in both languages this has saved us on multiple occasions when trying to communicate with people who may not have learned how to read you can also hold your camera over words that you see in a different language and the translations will automatically pop up on your camera screen you don't even need to take a picture but I found it works a little bit better if you do this is super handy with signs restaurant menus and when going to the grocery store or Pharmacy you can even write with your finger instead of typing I haven't used this feature yet but I assume it's for when someone wants to write something with different characters that aren't in the English alphabet and you don't have the other keyboard on your phone just remember to download the language that you need so that it works offline as well to learn languages while traveling I no longer use du lingo and here's why du lingo is popular because it's fun and addictive but in my opinion it's not super efficient for travelers for example after studying Portuguese on Dual lingo every day for over a month the only types of things that I knew how to say were things like it also focuses a lot on reading and writing which really doesn't help you to have a conversation with a local but pimsler is the other way around the main lessons are purely listening and repeating so the main focus is training your ears and your pronunciation which is what you actually use in a conversation the actual phrases I learned in my pimsler tie lessons were also more practical for travelers for example after listening to just a couple lessons I already knew how to say things like sa sa in other words all things that would actually be useful while traveling pimsler is a little bit more expensive than dualingo but you can learn quite a bit just using their 7-Day free trial which I'll link to below hasel is a budgeting app that allows you to track your expenses in multiple different currencies splitwise is super handy if you're traveling in a group because it lets you easily divide tabs and settle up accounts in multiple currencies both of these apps work perfectly for me and I've been using the free version of both for years but while scouring through Reddit I recently found another app that supposedly does all of these things all in one app it's called travel spend so that's worth checking out as well let me know if anyone has experience with it speaking of expens is if you want to learn the secrets that long-term Travelers use to travel for a fraction of the cost of everyone else download my free cheap travel hacks cheat sheet down in the description when traveling some exchange rates are trickier than others I always recommend memorizing the exchange rate and figuring out tricks to calculate prices in your head that way you're not dependent on your phone and you can calculate prices even if your battery dies or if you leave your phone behind in your hotel or if you just don't want to take it out because you're in a sketchy area that said apps like XE currency do come in handy on those days when your brain is just fried sometimes you just don't have the neurons available to convert Egyptian pounds to US dollars to try to figure out if that Egyptian cashier is trying to scam you at the grocery store spoiler alert he did twice choosing the right Maps app for traveling can make your life way easier but that's only the first step you also need to know how to use all the helpful features for example I've been using Google Maps forever for normal directions but it wasn't until recently that I learned a new strategy that has totally Chang the way we travel when we first arrived in changai Diane asked one of her friends who had traveled here a few months earlier for some restaurant recommendations it took them like 30 seconds to respond with pins of all their favorite places around the city including what they liked about each place I can't even remember what I ate for breakfast how the heck did they remember all of the names of their favorite Thai restaurants 3 months ago and that's when we got a lesson in Google maps 101 now whenever I get a recommendation whether that be from a friend or social media or a blog post or whatever I immediately save a pin of the destination or hotel or restaurant or attraction or whatever in Google Maps I also write a quick comment of who recommended it and why the comment is important otherwise you'll have hundreds of pins and you won't be able to remember why you pinned and pretty soon your map will be full of pins which you can use to piece together an itinerary I also recommend downloading offline maps of the areas where you'll be traveling and I show exactly how to do this in this video having access to reviews menus and business info is also super handy although in some places you have to take reviews with a grain of salt again I'm looking at you Egypt if you're traveling to big cities in the US Canada or Europe I actually recommend using the City mapper app over Google Maps this often times has more efficient public transportation routes more accurate Tim taes pricing info and the ability to personalize routes for example you can choose things like bus only train only mixed or my favorite simple which basically shows you the route with the fewest number of transfers the only downside is it currently only works in 71 cities travel esims allow you to have data on your phone the second you arrive in your destination without the hassle of having to hunt down those tiny plastic SIM cards there are loads of companies popping up and I've tested the most popular ones in this video If You prioritize convenience customer service and not ever having to worry about your data running out during your trip then I recommend Olaf unlike most other eim companies Olaf offers unlimited plans in many different destinations I've now tested their service out in eight countries in counting including way out in the Sahara Desert and I wrote up a brutally honest review that shows you exactly how to set things up just Google Olaf review project untethered for a setup guide and special discount code one thing to note is that Olaf's unlimited plans do not allow data sharing so if you're a digital Nomad you should keep that in mind if you do need to tether I'll recommend some other options as well most Airlines now have dedicated apps that streamline your experience in fact in several parts of the world I was actually forced to use the app because the airlines website wouldn't work for me you can usually check into your flights using these apps get digital boarding passes so you don't need to print them out manage your booking get alerts for flight time or gate changes and even access inflight entertainment options for flights that don't have the seatback entertainment system so when you buy your flights always check to see if there's an app for the airline that you're using if you're from the US you're spoiled for options that give you access to VIP airport lounges around the world the easiest way to do this is to open a credit card that offers lounge access as a perk and a link to the one I use down below but even once you have one of these cards It's tricky to figure out which Lounge to use in an airport and how to actually find it that's where Lounge buddy comes in to save the day you can enter in the types of credit cards that you have that offer lounge access into the app and then it tells you exactly which lounges you're allowed to enter and a map showing you exactly where it is because sometimes these suckers are hidden it's also handy because you can read Lounge reviews from other Travelers so if you have access to three different lounges in one airport you can save time and pick just the one that offers the best food and comfort options apart from these travel apps you'll also want the more obvious apps like Uber or whichever ride share app is most popular in the destination you're traveling to do your research because in some countries certain ridir apps are much cheaper than others I also recommend Spotify and podcast apps with content downloaded offline a weather app like windy which is my favorite perhaps a meditation app if you want to be more mindful during your trip a cloud backup app like Google photos or iCloud so that all your pictures back up each night in your accommodation and you don't risk losing them if something happens to your phone and of course apps like booking.com which often offer inapp discounts to help you save money on accommodation there are actually a bunch of other small little tricks you can use to save money on accommodation as well and you can learn about those by watching this video next all right guys bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProjectUntethered [7 likes]: What's your favorite app that helps with travel? Share in the comments what you think all travelers should have on their phones! 👇
  2. @mountainroad1 [3 likes]: everytime he calls chatgpt chatgtp i lose a part of my soul
  3. @pilot_plans [1 likes]: Just checking in before the 2026 version drops! Don't want you to miss out Pilot as your go to travel planner.
  4. @jerushialewin9723: I love ChatGPT for travel! It has been a game changer!
  5. @TerryStephen-e6o: I could not find the Lounge Buddy app in Google Play.  Does it exist in Google or only in Apple?
  6. @ccharlton8063: Chat GTP? Never heard of it.
  7. @arhang3l1: Say chat GTP one more time! I dare you
  8. @pamhiar5708: I have used tripit in the past. I had lots of problems with emails not downloading and had to manually put in the info. It was great to locate all info for a complicated trip in one spot. This past trip with 4 of us going and we used Wanderlog. All of us were able to add info as well as I could. While there are still a few things it needs to work on it was far superior. First it allows you to plan out your day by plotting the locations on a map. This alone  was a game changer while we spent a month in Paris. It lets you see where each site you want to visit is located and you can plan your route. It pops up info on the site you are planning on going to with information and even pictures on it, the address and recommendations from numerous sites. It does what tripit does but takes it to a huge next level.
  9. @mep1811: LoungeBuddy  no longer exists
  10. @MtDagny: rome to rio... couldn't live without it!  Like city mapper for finding transport options between cities.  A lot of times can get electronic train/bus tickets right from it without gettign the local bus app or whatever.
  11. @jamesgjurovich7893: does airport security grill you if they find out that you have a VPN? And should you delete the app before you reach security?/
  12. @Eclipsologysec: anyone who mispronounces ChatGPT immediately loses any credibility in the topic.
  13. @grahamboyd100: Chat GPT also plans your holiday without writing anything down like where to go to eat, stay etc.
  14. @jamie-92: Just came across an App called Spark Trip. Wanna see your comment on it.
  15. @billbauer9795: What city was this filmed in?
  16. @skyblazeeterno: I used Pimsleur to boost my French some years ago when I was living in the French speaking region of Switzerland 
Top tip for learning a new language - get a boyfriend or girlfriend who does not speak your local language. The incentive levels dramatically increase !
  17. @exofficiox: Too many apps . When I travel want to look at the sights not at my phone
  18. @lavayuki: vpns are so important, I use Nord VPN to access Japanese media sites from the UK, never thought to use it for other things
  19. @kings7man: tripit costs $78 per year here in Australia
  20. @1bluensx: Great video.  I just downloaded it.  I laughed when you said that Egyptian cashier tried to scam you twice! You just didn’t deal with him long enough, because it would have been 10x! I HATED EGYPT, Pakistan and India.  They are all just one scam after another. Non stop.  It’s ridiculous and honesty made me angry with the people. They literally view tourists as stupid ATM’s.  I will never ever go back to these countries.

- 🔴How To Trade On Your Phone In 2026 !!! - MT5: Kind: captions Language: en testing 1 million 2 million 3 million okay very good hi guys welcome back to another informative video in this video I'll be showing you how to use metao 5 on your iOS device as well as on your Android device now rumor has it that metat Trader 4 will be discontinued leaving metat Trader 5 as the alpha platform now in comparison to metat trer 4 metat trer 5 has no technical errors no glitches no delays and it supports multiple languages please don't forget to like subscribe and share this video as much as possible click the Bell notification button so that you get notified every single time I upload a brand new video and without further Ado let's get right into the video okay guys so first things first you're going to need to download meat Trader 5 for the Android users you can go to the Play Store and you'll be able to download met Trader 5 from there and if you are using an iPhone um you can go to the App Store and you are able to download metat Trader 5 from there right so once you've downloaded the app the first thing it's going to do is it's going to give you a welcome message and it will prompt you to accept the terms and conditions and create a demo account um but in this tutorial I will be showing you how to open a Live account so first things first we will be um you know accepting the terms and conditions on both right as you can see it's prompting us to open a demo account so um we'll just open a demo account open a demo account immediately after you have accepted the terms and conditions um it will redirect you to this page on both devices now if you're using an iPhone phone you will just click where it says settings and if you using an Android device you will click on um you know these three lines right here on the top left and then you will click here where it says demo and then once you have gotten to this page remember you are opening a live account so you will click where it says new account and on your Android device you will click the plus sign in the corner and then the first thing you're going to see is that you need to um you know enter the name of your broker so I trade with multiple Brokers but for this demonstration in particular I will be using Vault markets so I will be searching for Vault markets right here right so there will be three options that will appear you need to make sure that you click the one that says Vault markets PTY LTD right and then you click on it and then as well as on your Android device I will be searching for Vault markets over [Music] here and you'll see the same three options the one you will select is Vault markets ptyltd once you've registered your account with Vault markets you'll simply enter your details which will be your login and your password and this is where you will find your login as as well as your password be sure to avoid investor password right so I'm going to be entering my login details um I will have to blur this outw all right once that's complete on my Android device I will be clicking where it says log in and you can see that my account is active and on my iPhone I will be clicking done and then you will immediately see that um that is a live account right so as opposed to a demo account um a live account will have your name and it has to say live right so now we have our trading account linked to our app and let's go right through the tabs that we have on our app so the first tab that we have over here is quotes um so quotes refer to current market prices of different financial instruments currency pairs indices Commodities so depending on which one you're looking to trade at the time uh quot are updated in real time as you can see the numbers keep uh changing um so they provide Traders with important information to make healthy trading decisions so here are the list of quotes that are commonly used on metat trat of five the first one that we have is bid price so bid price is the highest price a buyer is willing to pay for a financial instrument and as price is the lowest price a seller is willing to accept for a financial instrument right and then we have something called a spread so spread is basically um you know showing you the difference between these two prices as you can see on our iPhone our next tab is charts and as well as on our Android device we have charts over there so basically charts are a visual representation of price movements over a specific uh period of time for a specific Financial instrument right so Traders get to see Trends volatility and different types of information to help them make you know healthy trading decisions so on our charts tab we have time frames so on our iPhone you would see over here if we click all the way to our top left we have multiple different time frames and then on our Android device our time frames is over here so when we click there we get to see all the different time frames that determine the time in which each Candlestick forms and then the second thing you will see on your chart is indicators right so on your iPhone you'll see that a like symbol when you click on it it'll send you to this page and when you click on Main window you should see the various indicators and on your Android device there's an in like symbol there when you click on it and click on Main chart you will also see your various type of indicators right so Traders can add various technical indicators to their chart to help them with market analysis some common indicators as you can see include you know your moving averages um you know there's RSI there's magd there's all different types of indicators that also assist traders to make healthy trading decisions so looking back at our chart you'll get to see that um we have price movements as well right so you can see over there that you know price is basically moving up and down and that's just basically a price movement of a specific Financial instrument that you're trading as you can see on my chart over here I have EUR USD and this is basically um you know just how Euro USD is um you know moving in price at the moment on both devices you are able to see this right so charts can also be customized to display information to the trader such as adding or removing technical indicators I mean you can also change the color scheme the period and adjusting your chart type another valuable tool that we have on our chart is the Crosshair so you'll see the Crosshair is just positioned next to the indicator window so when you click on the crossair you are able to determine the date the time as well as the price level of the selected section in the chart so you are also able to you know adjust and move you are able to adjust and move um you know the Crosshair to your specifications you can see over there that's uh the date as well as the time as well as the price so that's basically the purpose of the Cross hair another cool thing about um you know the charts window is that you are able to uh trade on the chart by just clicking the icon on your right you have it on both ends Android device as well as the iPhone device so when I click on the icon on the right I'm able to um you know either select buy or sell as well as adjust my lot size so the same applies for my iPhone um I'm able to select either buy or sell and adjust my lot size to whatever specification I would like it to be right so that's basically um you know what we have on our um chart window so if we're going to move on to the next window which is your trading window um you are able to see quite a lot on your trading tab the trade window typically includes information such as the financial instrument you want to trade or your trades runting in real time so uh the first thing you'll see is balance and balance refers to the total amount of money in your trading account Equity um is basically the value of the trading account considering both realized and unrealized profits or losses of all open positions and then we have margin uh which is the amount of money required as a good faith deposit by the broker to open a position right and then we have our margin level percentage over there so a margin level percentage is a metric that measures the amount of margin used in relation to the trading account balance and is calculated in a certain way right um it is a percentage and acts as a warning indicator to traders of a potential Margin Call if the value drops too low so a margin call occurs when the broker requests additional funds to be deposited into the account um to cover potential losses on open positions right so that would basically be um you know what these mean so the same way you are able to execute a trade on your charts tab you're also able to execute a trade on your trade window right so basically on your trade window you'll just click on the plus icon on your far right and when you click on it you'll be redirected to a page like this and you'll see information such as your volume size right which is obviously the number of units of the financial instrument you want to trade and the direction right so uh either sell by market or buy by market whether you're looking to sell or buy and this is where it would be positioned on your Android device and where it would be positioned on your iPhone right um and then you'll also see we have stop loss um and stop loss is pretty clear on the iPhone device and on the Android it's indicated as SL right so basically this is an order used to limit potential losses it is a predetermined price at which the trade will automatically be closed if the market moves against the Trader's position right very very important the stop loss and then we also have the take profit here on our iPhone it states take profit and then on our Android device it says TP so take profit is also an order but it's also it's used to lock in profits right so it is a predetermined price at which the trade will automatically be closed if the market moves in favor of the traders's position and then we also have the confirmed trade button so you'd be able to tell the confirmed trade button but once you have filled in the prices in which you would like to enter the market um you would then either select sell by market or buy by market and then you would have automatically um executed the trade right so when you use uh the trade button in metat Trader 5 Traders can easily open and close trades on the platform and this feature makes it super convenient for Traders to manage their positions and take advantage of uh you know Market opportunities so going back to our trade window and then the next window that we have is the history window so on our history window you are able to see your deposit your withrawal um you know the profits you've made uh your swaps commission balance and this is the typical information that you are provided with on your history window as you can see obviously the deposit is the money you have deposited into your training account the withdrawal the money that you have withdrawn from your trading account your profits how much you have made and then you also have your swaps your commissions as well as your current balance um and you're able to also see it on your Android device as well um and then yeah that's basically the information that you'll have in your history window it's basically your activity and then moving on to our next window on our iPhone we have uh the settings window so when you click on your settings window you are provided with the information of uh your Live account as well as the option to you know open another account so basically you're not limited to only have one trading account on your metatrader 5 app you can have multiple accounts with multiple Brokers um and then you also have your mailbox your news trade days which is an economic calendar um chats and messages Traders Community OTP uh which is your onetime password generator and then you also have interface so my interface as you can see it's English um so with met Trader 5 you are able to select whichever um you know uh language you speak um which is more convenient for anyone who speaks any language outside of English right and then you also have your charts journal and even more settings now on our Android device we would have to click on on you know these three bars right here on the top left and you'll get to click on where it says settings and here you are also able to get information such as your OTP um you know you are able to enable the news so that you can get news updates interface as well you can also select your interface as well as your theme whichever theme you would be interested in um you know customizing on your metatrader 5 app and that's basically the settings you would receive um you also have your mailbox the same way you have your mailbox on your iPhone and news as well and basically the same type of information just located differently and then here you are able to see those messages um once you have registered for them whichever messages you would like to receive so that's basically how um you know the metat trader 5 app works and I really hope this information was very helpful to you um so make sure that you make use of it and and happy trading and with that being said Traders we have come to the end of the video but before we close it off I just want to show you guys my current running trade on NASDAQ as you can see these are the profits that I'm currently running on at the moment and these are my entries this is obviously a live account now Traders if you're looking to copy the same trades that I take and make money when I make money click the link in my description and visit my website so you can subscribe to any of my signal groups don't forget to like as possible because it does help with the algorithm click the Bell notification button so that you get notified every single time I drop a new video and with that being said happy Trading

  Top Comments:
  1. @abskoalaminisa2344 [1 likes]: the best :hand-purple-blue-peace::hand-purple-blue-peace:
  2. @MusaZokufa [1 likes]: Good morning Best Female trader u doing good job by letting this opportunity to everyone who's is willing to grab it am new here I never I still want to learn,u dnt have video where you showing beginners after u funded ur account then how to start placing ur order up until u show us how to close or buy thank you,I hope my question is clear👏
  3. @ZanemvulaPhuthela: Good explanation thank you
  4. @simplyjusdoit3873: She had to provocatively turn around🤣🤨
  5. @GodfreeFelix: How can I name the name of my broker
  6. @mrtourism7998: Great video....watching from Ghana 🇬🇭
  7. @FatoumattaSjallow-o3x: Pls I don’t know wat to put in login and password
  8. @devanandpatil193: Hi dear,
 I just joined your channel. I am intrested trading work with you. 🤝❤
  9. @GiftSiphosethu-p7u: So what is happen if the market is closed?
  10. @renrts46: Thank You are a great trainer !!!
  11. @BULELWAMLINDAZWE-l6m: But mine don't show my name
  12. @PrinceBenjamin-y8w: Do you have a class
  13. @PrinceBenjamin-y8w: Do you have a class
  14. @SiyambongaTsolo: Chantel how many TikTok accounts do you have
  15. @Melanin_inc_baby: My account is still in demo
  16. @ThaboSeopela-y3z: Hi we spoke on tuesday my trade im waiting on u
  17. @tshepaangseikaneng7487: I am the begginner how do i do
  18. @praizzzeee: My MT5 is not showing those two icons on the chart screen as seen in 5:46. the two at the top right hand, the ones showing red n blue.
  19. @Fasoman-r6u: Great vidéo❤
  20. @Cinddi2024: You are beautiful 😍

- Groww App Kaise Use Kare | Groww Intraday Trading Kaise Kare | Groww App Me Invest Kaise Kare: Kind: captions Language: en So here you can see that I have opened my Go application. Once you show it to people by clicking on the holding button. Here you will see that I have bought stocks of many companies and after buying I have kept them on hold. Whenever I feel like it, I sell the stock of any company here. Friends, this is what we call delivery trading. Once you click on positions here. Here you will see that we are doing intraday trading here. On the same day you are buying the stock of some company and on the same day we are selling it here. This is our intraday trading. Once you click on FAO and come to positions, here you will see that we are doing options trading. Friends, there are three types of trading. You have intraday trading, delivery trading, option trading. Now in this video I will show you all these three trading live inside the Grow application so that you will understand how to use the Grow application. I will also teach you how to do SIP in mutual funds. How do you guys invest? So watch the complete video friend. I will explain everything to you step by step from the basics. Like friends, many people do not know what trading is? So you people buy anything at a lower price. When its price increases, you sell it. This is called your trading. Imagine you bought something for Rs 100. Now its price has increased to Rs 150. Then you sold it and you made a profit of ₹50 which you did through trading. So in this way we will explain the basics to you and explain everything. Like how do you understand this option chain chart of ours. This candlestick pattern that is forming, what is the red candle? What is a green candle ? You are going to get complete information. Just watch it completely and you will learn everything. But friend, if you are new to the channel then please subscribe because we bring such helpful content for you regarding trading and teach you absolutely free of cost. Please subscribe. Let's start the video. So brother, you get the Go application available on Play Store. As we come down, you will see that it has 4.7 plus rating and it has more than 10 crore downloads and Go application has become the number one stock broker of India. So friends, you have to install this. After installing, open it here. First of all, here you will be asked to create a demat account. Now what is this Demat account? Just like your bank account. Where you keep your funds and use them for trading. Meaning here you will be asked to create a trading account. The way your bank account is opened. Similarly, your trading account is opened. Once you guys open it. Then you people will get to see such an interface. Now here you will first get NFT 50 and then you will get Sensex. This is your bank nifty. We call this indices. There are many more indices. Here you will get the button of All Indices. Please click on this. You will see how many indices you are getting here. Each index has a different meaning. Like all our popular ones are our Nifty 50. This means that the top 50 companies in India come under Nifty 50. Senses means that the top 30 companies in India come under Senses. If you go right in this way, you will get Bank Nifty. Meaning, friends, the top 12 banking sector companies in India come under our Bank Nifty. Ok? Now many people here ask what is the condition of the market? So maximum people friends watch our Nifty 50 and tell us what is the condition of the market. As you can see, our market is down by 0.10% today. Ok? Now here after that you will get to see the Explore page where you will see Most Traded on Grow, that is, which stock has been bought the most and which stock has been sold the most inside the Go application. As you can see here. You can see many more here by clicking on See More. On the right side, you can see what is the price of one share of this stock and what percentage return it is giving. As you can see here. Ok? Now here we come back in this way. Will come down now. You will get products and tools and first of all you will get MTF. Let us understand this. Clicked on this. Now look, there are many stocks here which are available for your MTF. Now what is MTF? So once there is Vodafone Idea whose share price is ₹10. Let's click on this. Now let's assume that you guys have to buy 10 shares of this. So you should have ₹100. But brother, you have ₹70, which means you are short of ₹30, so you can borrow through Go application and buy ₹30 and 10 shares. Now friends, it will depend on your market whether you are making profit or incurring loss. But whatever ₹30 you have borrowed here from Go application, you will have to return it along with interest to Go application. So this is MTF. Similarly, here you will see that many stocks are available for your MTF. Let's come back here now. Now you will get the event. You will click on this. Here you people get to see dividends. What is dividend? When you invest in any company, then when the company makes profit, it gives you some percentage of the profit. We call that dividend. You guys get to see that here. Click on the back button. Here you will see ETF. Now what is this? Let's click on this. So here you can see that you will get to see a lot of ETFs. Now what is this ETF? So basically you have a basket that contains a lot of company. You people do not buy shares of any one company. Let me explain to you guys. Like here we click on any one like Nipon India ETF Nifty IT means this is the ETF of IT sector. If you click on this, it means more IT companies will come here. On this you will see how much the price of a share is going on here. This is how we come down. So you will be able to see on Buy Holdings which companies are coming under this ETF. There is Infosys, there is TCS, there is HCL Tech. By clicking on C Holdings, you will be able to see all of them here. Which companies are included in this ETF? So in this way you can understand what ETF is? Let's assume that brother, you bought an ETF in which you have Reliance, Tata and Adani as well. Now Reliance is making profits. But brother Tata suffered losses and Adani also suffered losses. But Reliance was profitable. What will happen with this? Your loss will be covered. So, this is the feature of your ETF. Let's back it up now. Let's back it up. Here you get to see IPO. Look, its full form is Initial Public Offering. Meaning, there are many companies which are currently private. It did not become public. When it becomes public, we are able to invest in it. So whatever is going to be made public, you can see it on the IPO section. As you can see, MSHO is a company that has just arrived here. This means it is going to be public. You will be able to buy its shares. You can apply for this. When you apply, you get to see it in Applied. Closed A lot of companies have come in now. Can you see the physics guy had come? Go Application LST All these have just been listed in our stock market. Now click on Upcoming, here you will see that there are many companies which are still not listed here. As you people will see this car, now this is a private company, when it becomes public you will be able to buy its shares, when the company makes profit, then in that way you will also benefit here. Now this is done brother, our IPO, by clicking on the back button you get a bonds feature here. If you click on this, then friends, here you do not buy shares of any company. You people don't invest. You people basically invest your money in which the company claims that it will give you so much percentage return. Ok? So you people do not buy shares in this. You guys are just investing money. In return the company gives you interest. As you guys can see. Rest we click on the back button. Friends, here you will see the top movers today. That means, friends, today who are the gainers in small caps and who are the losers here? You can apply filters in this way. Like we call it large cap. That is, who are the losers and who are the gainers in all the big companies. Now after that we also have mid cap. Who are the gainers in all the companies in the middle and who are the losers here? You guys can see this. The rest will come down and you will see the most traded in MTF. That is, which stock within the MTF is being bought the most and which is being sold the most. Now come down and you will get the top intraday. Now what does this mean? Intraday means that brother, you bought today and sold it half the day before the market closed. If you do not sell before the market closes, your sale happens automatically. So that is our intraday. Ok? Just come down and you will find Volume Soakers. Volume means how many buyers and sellers there are. And stocks means which such stocks have seen a boom and the number of buyers and sellers has increased there. So here you can see how much percentage has increased here. Isn't it? If you come down now, you will get to see the trading screens. Look, here you get bullish. Bullish means brother, the market is going up, so brother, this candlestick pattern that is formed goes upwards. So we call this [ __ ]. Bearish means our market is going down. So when we explain candlesticks to you, then friends, we are going to explain everything to you. So keep watching the complete video. Ok? If you scroll down further, you will find out which sectors are trending today. So guys, I have explained the rest of this to you guys on its explore page. Now here I will explain to you how you have to buy the stock of a company and how you have to sell it. So simple friends, here you will get the search button. We will click on this. Now you can simply search that company here. The way I searched Tata here, all the stocks of Tata appeared here. As you can see, by clicking on this you will see the price of one share. Let's assume guys, I want to buy some Adani stock here. In this way we will search Adani here. You can see that all the stocks of Adani have arrived. I will click on anyone. Can you see what is the price of one share? Rest of you guys click on the back button and click on back and here is Nifty 50. That means the top 50 companies in India are included in it. So we will click on this. If you come down here, you will see all the companies. We will click on this. You can see that all the top 50 companies are available here. Now friends, you can choose from this also here. Yes, here you can see the price of a share along with how much return it is giving you. So guys, let us choose any age example here. For example, let us assume that this is of ITC whose share price is Rs 44. We will click on this. Ok? Now here you will get such an interface. So look here, you can see what returns it is giving in one day. What is the return within one week and what is the return within one month and friends, what is the return within 3 months. You can see the entire graph. Rest here you can open the chart fully. We will explain to you how to analyse these candlestick patterns and how to apply technical analysis. When explaining options trading. So keep watching the video. Rest we will click on the back button and come down here in this manner. Friends, here you will get to see the performance, that is, today, brother, how much the price of one of our shares had gone down, is visible here. You can see how high it had gone. What was taken within 52 weeks? You are getting whatever high it reached within 52 weeks. When our market opened today at 9:15 in the morning, at what price did it open and at what price did it close previously? Where is the volume? As I told you, there are so many people who buy and sell. Lower circuit is what you get. Meaning, friends, today if the price of one of our shares goes down, then how much will it go down? So brother, the lower circuit shows you that it will go this much and will not go any lower than that. The upper circuit shows that brother will go up this much today and will not go any higher than that. Now friends, let's come down. Here you will see the market depth. You can see that there are more buyers and less sellers. See, if there are more buyers, it means the share price will increase. If there are more sellers then the share price will decrease. Now look here, a lot of you people are getting prices. Bud Price is quite a lot. Ask prices are quite a lot. What does it mean? Many people remain confused. There is nothing like that. Look, the price available here right now is a bid price. Friends, it is telling you how much quantity people are ready to buy at this price segment. It is telling you how much quantity people are ready to buy at this price segment. Ask price tells how much quantity people are ready to sell at this price segment. How much quantity are people ready to sell at this price segment? So friends, this bit price is the ask price. If you come down now, you can see the entire fundamental as to what is the market cap? What is ROE? What is PE ratio? What is PB ratio? You can see the whole thing. Apart from this, you people see the news button here that you can also see how our stock is doing in the news. So friends let's come to the overview. Now let's assume that I analyzed it here. I feel that yes brother, its shares should be bought. So here you will get the buy button. You have to click on this directly. But friends, you see that you have not said goodbye. Still friends, you are getting the sale button here. How is this? So friends, you get the facility through the broker that you can also sell in the beginning. Friends, if you are selling then already brother the price has increased. Now friends, when the price decreases, what will you do at that time? Will you buy it? So our broker manages that thing. So in the beginning you can also do sales. But you can do this only on intraday basis if you have not bought it earlier. So friends, here we will explain to you what intraday and delivery are within delivery. Let's first go here is the buy button. Let's look here, you will get two options. One is your intraday and the other is delivery. Both explain what happens. See, what delivery means is that you can sell these futures that you bought today at any time. Meaning you invested in it. As the company grows, the share price will increase and you will benefit. But what happens inside intraday is that whatever you bought today, you will have to sell it before the market closes. Otherwise, automatic sale takes place. Now what is the benefit of both? Let us explain to you. For example, let's assume that you have to select the quantity here under delivery. What does NSC mean? National Stock Exchange whose price is going on here. And what is BSE? Bombay Stock Exchange, whose price you can see is running. So it depends on you guys here which one is cheaper, a little or more. You guys can adjust that. You can buy it from anyone. For example, let's assume that we buy it on BSE only. So how much quantity do I have to buy here? Let us assume that we are buying in a quantity within delivery. So see how much our price is? 46 but if we click on intraday, you will see here that you are getting one share for only 82. So how is this happening? So friends, you get to see a margin of 5x in intraday. That means you get to see leverage of 5x. Now let us assume that the share price of a company is ₹100. You bought it intraday for ₹20. Ok? Now if the company makes profit then brother the price of one share of the company which was ₹100 became 110, that means you had bought it for 20, so your money became 30, so brother you made a profit of 50%, but let us assume that the price of the company which was ₹100, friends, it decreased, the company suffered a loss, the price of one share became 90, so brother you had bought it for ₹20, that means your money will directly become 10, so friends you will also suffer a loss of 50%, so this is what happens when you apply margin, when you apply leverage, then you have to see this thing, so on this brother, your risk is light, for example, let us assume that now we select the quantity. We have to buy in five quantities. Ok? We pressed five. Now with this method you people will see how much we are looking at. We are buying intraday. Now here you can decide whether you want to buy at market price. That means you have to buy at the current price or you have to put a limit. What does limit mean? This is the current price right now. But I want to buy it when its price reaches this much here. So what will I do here? I will put Rs 400 as much as I want to put here. And here I will click on the buy button. My order will be placed. When this price matches the price of our share then my order will be executed. But for now let us buy it here at the market price only. So I entered Market and clicked on the Buy button here. Friends, here you will see that our buy has been done here. And as you can see, how much return we are getting here. That is being shown to us here. Ok? Now let us assume that you people are suffering more losses. So you can also place a stop loss. Just tap on it. Here you will find the button to add stop loss. Click on this. Now here friends, you get the option to place both stop loss and target. What happened to the stop loss now? Like our current price right now is 44. But guys, I want that when this reduces to 400, my sale should happen automatically. I will not bear much loss. So you placed a stop loss. You can also set a target now that brother, you are currently 44. When this increases to our 410. Ok? Then my sale should automatically happen here. So you can just place your order here. Sold it. Our stop loss and target orders have been placed. Can you see? Clicked on the Done button. Now this is the order section. This is our position section. So here it can be seen whether we are getting any benefit. Are we being harmed? Now friends, whatever trade you take, your charge is deducted on it. Friends, something like ₹20 is deducted from your charges. Ok? So let's assume that if you take any one trade here and you do not make a profit of more than ₹20, then overall you will be in loss. So unless you are making a profit of more than ₹20, you should not sell. Now friends, if you want to sell then it is very easy. You tap on this. You will find an exit button here. Click on this. Now select the quantity here. How much quantity do you want to sell and here you will get the sell button. Click on this. Friends, your sale order has been executed here. Now friends, I have taught you how to do intraday trading and how to do delivery trading. Now I am going to teach you how to do options trading. Now friends, you guys should listen to this carefully because as much as you see these reels, you find many such influencers who show that they have done this much and that much in a day. They show you huge profits. What do those people do? Those people friends only do option trading. It is risky to listen to it carefully. Now think a little, how much profit you will make when you trade in intraday and delivery. How much will a company's share increase in a day ? ₹1 will increase by ₹2 or ₹1 will decrease by ₹2. So there is not much benefit in this. But friends, in option trading, you can make profits very quickly and you can also suffer losses very quickly. Because here your market is volatile. Meaning your graph is down right now. You bought it. Friends, your graph will go up quickly and you will make sales. You got the benefit quickly. But if you are not selling at the right time and the graph goes down then you also suffer huge losses. So where your market is volatile, there will be quick profits as well as quick losses, which happens in options trading. That's why it is quite risky. In option trading, you do not buy shares of any company. You guys buy premium here. You people buy contracts about what is going to happen in the future. Like there is a market right now. You feel that the market price will go up. So you people buy such a premium where the price of that premium increases when the market price goes up. When the price increases, you sell and you make a profit. But now you feel that the market price will go down, so you people buy such premium where when the market price falls, the price of that premium increases. The end price increases, you sell and you make a profit. Now see, I have explained it theoretically, let's do some practical work. Let me show you live. We will show you how to do it within Nifty 50 because here you people also trade on indices. You can do it on stocks also. But we are showing you this within Nifty 50 because it is perfect for beginners because here your margin will be less. Fluctuation will also be less. So let's go to Guys Nifty 50 and click here. So friends, here you will get a chart button. If you click on this, you will see that this green candle is becoming a red candle. This is your candlestick pattern. So there is no need to be too confused. I am going to explain everything. This way you can zoom in and zoom out. Ok? And this is how to zoom in , zoom out. Left, right, this is yours. Now look, this red candle that is being formed means that the price of Nifty is going down here, friends. So this is becoming your red candle. When this green candle is formed, it means that Nifty is going up now. If the market price is increasing then that is our green candle. Red candle means it is going down. Ok? Now friends, there are many names which are important for you to understand. First of all, look, the market was here just now friends. Ok? And this is how it went up. This means that the market is currently on a bullish movement and we call this an up trend. The market followed the up trend and see, when our market was in this segment, it went down, so it became our down trend and we also call it bearish. Okay, now friends, one thing happens that the market neither revolves upwards nor downwards. For example, if you look at this segment, neither did the market go up nor down much, it just revolved in this manner. Moved sideways. So we call this sideways. Ok? Now friends, here you should understand that when you look at our market, it has reached the highest level here. If you guys try doing it completely in this manner. See when it has reached the top? So friends, whatever goes to the highest level in our market, what do we call it here, it is called resistance. Ok? And when the market goes to the lowest level, that brother, it revolved like this and went down completely, in this way, this will become our support. So what is the support here? This is our support because here it went to the lowest level and then went up again. So this became our support. So this is resistance. There is support. Now friends, how do we know whether the market will go up or down. Well, let me explain it to you, look here a timing is written 1 minute. That means the candlestick pattern that is being formed is showing an interval of 1 minute. This time is telling us how our market is revolving within 1 minute. 1 minute means whether it will go up or down within 1 minute, you will see it in the form of green candle and red candle. Friends, if we remove 1 minute and consider it to be 1 hour. Look, you can see what kind of candle is being formed at an interval of 1 hour. So we read the candle also. This is a lot of our analysis. Ok? So the candle also has to be read. So how to read candlestick patterns ? I will make a separate video on this. This will be a very complicated video and a very long video at that. So you people will have to understand that thing. Ok ? Now you people also do analysis. We call it technical analysis through which you can find out whether the market will go up or down. Look, nothing is confirmed that it is confirmed that the market will go down or up. Nothing gets confirmed like this. Yes, by doing this analysis and reading the candlesticks, you can predict whether the market can go up or down. Now here, for you to do technical analysis, first make it back to 1 minute because we will do intraday. That means we will buy today and sell today, we will do option trading. So look here you will find the FX button. We will click on this. Look here, MA line is given. We will click on this. So this is a moving average line looking at the last nine periods. Now what does this mean? This blue line that came your way, okay? This blue line has come, look here, our blue line is below. But our Nifty is up. The price is moving up. This means that the price will go up. Now friends, if it happens that our blue line is above and Nifty is below, then the market will go down right now. Ok? And in this way EMA line is also formed. We call this exponential moving average. It also looks at your last nine periods. But the current price gives a higher MA. So MA will be removed. We will apply EMA. Look here, your EMA line is also below you and the price of Nifty is above. That means the price will increase. Friends, if the EMA line was above and the price was below then the price would go down. So now we have done two analyses. Right now it is becoming clear that yes brother, the market is going to go up and it is going up. Can you see a green candle is forming? Now here we apply RSI. What happens on this? This tells you your number. Look, the number is written here. Friends, when this number of yours is 30, it means that it has been oversold. Too much has been sold. If it is bought now, it means the market will go up. So look here, the market is already going up. Isn't it ? If it reaches 70 then it will be overbought. Meaning too much has been purchased. Now it will be sold, which means the market will go down. So this tells you your RSI. This looks at the last bottling period. Now here there is one you super trend. If you click on this, you will see green line and red line. Whenever friends, this green line of yours is formed, then you will see that the market will go up here and when friends, this red line of yours is formed, then see, the market goes down here, so in this way you can see here yourself, see, a red line was made here, see, the entire market was going down and when this green line was made, it went up a little as you can see till here, then again this red line was made, so in this way you people come to know that right now the green line here is showing, meaning the market is going up. Now you people have a BB which looks at your last 20 periods and tells you what will be the volatility of the market, that is, how high will the market be and how low will it be, so these two blue lines are visible, there is a line in the middle that the market will revolve between them and will go up this much and will remain down this much, so basically it shows you the volatility, how high and how low it will be. Now friends, many more technical analyses are done in this manner. I will make a separate video on this also. So brother, keep subscribing to the channel. Now friends, let us assume that we have seen that the market is going up. So what will we do that will benefit us? So here you people are seeing a chain button. You just have to simply click on this. You guys will get such an interface. Now let us understand this. First of all, look here it is written 2 December. So this is the expiry and this is the option chain of this expiry. Ok ? There are different expiries. First of all, you all should look at our expiry of 2nd December, whatever prices are written here, this is premium. Ok? Look, wherever you see this price here, this is our premium. Now look here, it is 56 , it is 37. Now this is our expiry in this way and this is its option chain. Click on the arrow and see, our expiry is also on 9th December, click on it. This is our December 9th option chain. Ok? Now here you will see the premium price. Look, 123 is 104. So it increased here. How did it grow? So let me explain to you. Before we go back, let's click on December 2nd. Look, as the expiry date comes closer, as the expiry date comes closer, the premium prices that you are getting here and the premium prices that you are getting here start melting. These start decreasing. Ok? And when this date comes, it will also become zero. But friends, the ones that you guys are getting to see here and the ones that you guys are getting to see here, they survive. These friends are not zero at your place. So this means friends, as your expiry nears, the prices will automatically start decreasing. And if you have bought it and the expiry is coming close, then brother, it will automatically decrease and you will incur loss from here also, so you will have to understand this. Now friends, see what the market was doing, it was going up, so what will we do to get profit, so friends, if we buy call option, then we will get profit here, that is, when the market goes up, if we buy call option, then we will get profit and when the market goes down, then we will buy put option, so friends, we will get profit here, okay now which one should we buy here because a lot of prices are available here, so do not complicate yourself, it is simple here, understand here that the price which you are seeing right now is the current Nifty price, we call it ATM, that is, add the money, okay now look above, the price has decreased, the price has decreased, so it is decreasing 50-50 and after achieving all this price, friends, it has reached here. Okay, so according to this call option, the one here will be in the money (ITM), friends. Okay, and according to this put option, the one you will see here will be OTM (Out of the Money), so this will be ITM according to the call option, this will be OTM according to the put option. And let me tell you guys, you can see the one below here as well. This is our call option, this is going to achieve all the price, it is not achieved, you will see that it is increasing 50-50, so this is going to achieve all the price. Okay, so according to our call option, what will happen here will be OTM (Out of the Money), but what will happen here according to the put option, in the money. Okay, so this is ATM (OTM) and ATM (OTM), friends, so we have understood ITM (ATM) and ATM (OTM) according to the call option and put option. Now friends, why did I explain this to you because all the beginners either trade on OTM, which you are seeing here, or Guys, whatever premium you are getting around the money that is added here, you guys see, those people buy it here. Ok? So now friends, we have understood that either we have to buy at OTM or we have to buy around Add the Money. Now look here, our market was going up, that means we will buy call option and this is the OTM of call option and if we want to buy the option around the money then this is the one. But you guys see, there are many prices below also. So why are there so many prices? So let me tell you, it depends on your margin. Because look, the prices here are high and you don't have that much money. So you guys buy the ones below. You guys can buy any one. Ok? So let us take another look here. Friends, by clicking on the back button, let us once again analyze the chat here. Look at the 1 minute interval, the market is going down right now. That means if we buy put option then we will get profit. Friends, let us buy put option here. Click on the chain button. This is the OTM of our put option. Ok? And we buy this premium one here. We will click on this. And look, here also you are getting the sale button. Friends, if you sell put options then if the market goes up then you will benefit. And if you buy put option and the market goes down, you will benefit. Look, sales are done by professionals because it requires a lot of funds and is risky. So beginners just have to say bye. So let us click on the buy button here. Now friends, here you will see that you buy in lots here. One lot is your quantity of 75. Ok ? So you people will see that my balance is this much and this much is being shown here. So brother, I don't have that much, so what will I do here by clicking on the back button? I will make it with lower premium. So I will click on this and click on the buy button. Now look, I can buy it here. Isn't it? Now look, you can set limits here. Either buying in the market or placing a limit. Let's buy on the market and here you will find the buy button. We will click on this. As you can see, our buy order has been executed. And once click on the orders button. So here you will see that our order has been executed. By clicking on the back button, clicking on back and clicking on back again, you go to the positions. So here you will see whether we are making profit or incurring loss. Now friends, here we tap on it once. Let's go back to the option chain. So here you will see that we have bought this one for Rs 2650 with 18 premium. If the price of this 18 premium increases then we will benefit. Isn't it? Now let's click on the back button. Let's tap on this again here. And friends, here we go to the Nifty chart. So you people will see that our market is going down right now and friends, we are getting profit here. Understand? Now friends, by clicking on the back button, assume that you are incurring a loss. So you tapped on it. You get the stop loss feature, add stop loss. Guys, what is our premium price right now? 19 is going on. Isn't it? I want this to reduce to 15. Meaning friends, I am ready for a loss of 18%. And look now the premium price is 19 right now. When I want it to increase to 25 then my automatic sale should happen. So let's click on the sell button. See the order has been placed and let's click on positions. Look, we are benefiting right now. Now friends, a charge is deducted on every trade of yours and that charge is something like Rs 40 deducted from you. Friends, unless you are making a profit of more than 40%, you should not sell because at that point you will incur a loss. Let's assume you make a profit of ₹10, still you are in loss of ₹30. So this is your option trading brother. Can you see how it is increasing and decreasing here? Isn't it? Now if you want to exit then simply tap on it. Here you will find the exit button. Click on this. And friends, how many lots do you want to sell here using this method ? So I have to sell my entire lot. And here we will click on the sell button. The sale will take place here. Okay guys, let's hold it here for now. When I get some profit then I am going to sell it here. Now friends, here you get the option of a mutual fund. We will click on this. Look, there are mutual funds of many companies here. What is this, right? So if you invest in mutual funds here, then you are giving money to a company and that company will use your funds for trading. Now since he will be a professional person, he will get more returns than you. So look here what is the return in 3 years ? What is this return in 3 years ? So there are many such mutual funds here. Ok? So that depends on you. You should do your research. Rest one UPI button is available. We will click on this. So friends, here you have been given a feature from the Go application that you can also make UPI payment from here. Now friends, you have seen the video till here, so I can say that yes brother, you have learned trading. Brother, you have learned how to use the Go application. Now you people have to learn even further. How you guys have to set SL and target correctly. How do you guys read candlestick patterns? Brother, I will teach you everything. It is absolutely free. Just subscribe to the channel and wait for the upcoming videos. Rest friends, we will meet on such new videos. Until then , keep watching White Ethic and bye-bye family.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WATCHHUB56 [1 likes]: Bainary treding ka ak full video bnao sir please ❤
  2. @RajKumar-u4y6o [1 likes]: Mind-blowing in the evening or 😢😢
  3. @Dominic-k9h3u: Its truly like 👍 sir
  4. @Ranveer.music01: Thanks for 10k subscribe
  5. @TufaniChaand: Bro suru khaa se kare
  6. @probhai123: Bohot maza aya apka vedio dekkar ❤❤❤❤
  7. @snehapatidar-r5z: thanks for 257 subscribers 🎉❤ keep supporting guys 🎉😊
  8. @shohi7936: All comments 10 hour's ago keise huwa,sab ak sath comments kiya kya?? Iska matlab kya hein gys
  9. @akcreator392: Nice video
  10. @imranspeak05: Good job sir 👏❤
  11. @UDAYPAIKRA-r1u: Thanks sir aap bahut ache se samjhate hai
  12. @anjanasudin1330: Groww app intraday trading karne ka tarika teak se samajh me aa gyi ❤❤❤
  13. @SouravMahato-i9p: 🎉😮😮😅
  14. @Ki-Ran_Editz1918: Outstanding application thanks for you
  15. @Mougopu081: Bhai recharge kitne ka krte hai pahle Pichhle wale trick se andha paisa loota thabro tumhara video ka trick bahot acha Kam korte hai bahut profit hoya Iv u too much
  16. @Jitebvxddu: Super video
  17. @MousumiBarman-y5n: Aapki video dekh bahot help milti hai bhaiNice application diya hai bhai pel diya company ko
  18. @SarwareAlam-q5s: Very nice video 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ super
  19. @XgJii-f7t: Amazing wining app bro impressive.tnx 4 sharing this wonderful app
  20. @RamSyam-y7r: Osm video

- RiseGuide Review (2026) — Legit Growth App or $50/Month Subscription Trap?: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're reviewing RiseGuide, a self-improvement and creator growth platform that's been getting a lot of attention online. The big question is simple. Is RiseGuide actually worth your money or is it just repackaged motivation content? On the surface, RiseGuide looks impressive. The platform claims to offer expertbacked lessons, personalized growth plans, habit tracking, and structured routines focused on productivity, confidence, communication, and creator success. The app presents everything in short, easy to digest lessons, which is appealing for beginners who don't want long courses. When we look at user feedback, many Trustpilot reviewers are genuinely positive. People say the app is simple, motivating, and easy to follow. Some users report improvements in focus, confidence, memory, and daily discipline. That tells us one important thing right away. Rise Guide is not fake. Real users are accessing real content. However, there are some important downsides to understand. A number of users complain about subscription renewals they didn't expect, app access issues and difficulty managing billing. Others feel the learning experience is very basic, especially if you already consume self-improvement or creator content regularly. And here's the key reality check. Much of what RiseGuide teaches, consistency, routines, mindset shifts, communication skills, and creator growth advice, is information that already exists for free on YouTube, blogs, podcasts, and online.

- Grow App intraday Charges 2026 | Groww Intraday New Charges | Groww App: Kind: captions Language: en Friends, in today's video we will know how much brokerage charge will be levied if we do intraday trading in Go app in 2026. We will know in today's video. So friends, you simply have to open the Go app. After opening, you have to click here. You have to click on the icon. If you click here, then friends, you can search any stock here because friends, intraday trading happens only in stocks. So let me search here. Adani, this will come. I will click here. So friends, you can see that Adani Power stock will come here. I will click on the side by side option at the bottom. We have to find out how much brokerage will be charged here in 2026. Here I enter 100 quantity. After entering, you will see an option. Brokerage Charges You can find out how much brokerage charge is being charged. Friends, what do you want to do? You will see an option at the bottom. First I click. Then I will tell you where to click. Let me tell you how much brokerage will be charged. Friends, you can see the brokerage charges that are going to be levied here. The brokerage charge will be ₹14.34. You will see other charges at the bottom. You can see friends, here you will see the action transaction charge. If it costs this much then it is duty charges, this much will be charged. SEBI's turnover charges will be 0.01 paisa. And friends, you can see that the taxes here are going to be this much tax here brother. The tax is very high. And look friends, let me tell you that the more you increase the quantity here, I will make the quantity 1000 here. Let me increase the quantity by one more. You can see how much quantity I have set here, I have set the quantity here to 10,000 at present. And look friends, where do you have to click? Here you will see an option. The margin here is 5x. So you have to click here. You can check out the brokerage charges by clicking here. Look friends, if you buy or sell here, then a brokerage charge of ₹20 will be levied. Ok? ₹20 will be charged twice. If you buy at ₹20 and exit at ₹20, it will be sold and a brokerage charge of ₹20 will be levied there also. You can check out the total here. This much brokerage charge will be levied. If you do intraday trading with quantity and let me tell you friends, there are different stocks, then you will be charged brokerage accordingly. And friends, suppose for example you keep 10 quantities here, then brother, the charge will be levied accordingly. If you keep Rs 50 here, brokerage charges will be applicable accordingly. Okay friends, this much brokerage charge will be charged. I have told you and if you have any doubt then please tell us by commenting. See you next video

- Why Indian D2C Brands Are Crashing in 2026 | Sahil Khanna | Case Study: Kind: captions Language: en A D2C brand crossed revenue of Rs 505 crore in 2024. The name is Sugar Cosmetic. In 2025, their revenue fell within just one year. There was a drop of approximately 17.8% above Rs 415 crore. Apart from this, its EBITDA reached above Rs 108 crore. - With a 26% margin. This story is not about empty sugar cosmetics. Wow skin science is done, mmer is done, good glam is done, wet is done. All of them are heading in this direction. Today I am going to tell you a specific number after which more than 80% of D2C startups fall. What are the three reasons behind it that even the VC will not tell you. I call this the 50 crore wall. Whatever I am going to tell you, I am going to tell you from my experience. I'm consulting a lot of D2C brands. So, I know a lot of data internally. Plus I will tell you the names of many companies publicly. I will tell you their data and show you exactly what is going on brother. First of all let me explain the context to you. As of 2018, India had 300 D2C brands. By 2025, this number has crossed 11,000. And the biggest thing is that out of these 11,000 brands, only 233 brands have crossed the revenue of Rs 150 crore. This means that only 2% of startups are able to reach this level. Along with this, another survey was conducted in which it was found that 60 to 70% of the D2C startups are stuck at the mark of Rs 1 crore to Rs 50 crore. They don't know how to proceed further. Look, I feel that the founders of D2C brands have become very smart these days. View content on the internet. Some also study. So they have learnt a playbook that we have to make a good product. After that it has to be marketed. Money has to be spent on meta ads. This has to be done on Google Ads. Influencer marketing has to be done on Instagram. After that, the ad of the same content has to be run. And somewhere it seems very easy to create a brand worth Rs 10, 12, 15 crores. And this is also the reality. If you keep your basics right, you can generate revenue of Rs 10-15 crore even without a very talented team. If the intention is right. The first level that gets hit is from Rs 20 crore to Rs 50 crore and after Rs 50 crore, it happens that the company may even close down. So if you are a D2C founder planning to start a D2C brand or investing in a D2C company, then today's playbook is going to give you a much better understanding. I still remember the time from 2018 to 21 where many startups were seen being created. Money was available easily. Growth was visible. This was a time which we can call the Golden Era of D2C brands. This was a time when CAG was less. Running Facebook ads was easy. Influencers didn't become that big. So you could get the video made from an influencer cheaply. Covid hit at this time. People were moving towards online. Organic reach used to be available on Instagram. And at the same time, Mer became a brand, Boat became a brand , Sugar Cosmetics became a brand. Many such popular brands have emerged. a customer could be easily acquired for between ₹300 to ₹600. Make a good product. Make a good story behind it. Sell that story on the internet, whether through ads or through influencer marketing. Just sell it. Bring traffic to your website or to aggregator platforms. There you scale yourself and your business is built. There used to be a simple matrix. Show the GMB to the investor, brother, our GMB is this much, it is growing at this much percent, GMB means revenue, we are earning this much money, now see, we have done this much in this many months, we will reach this much, the VC used to get impressed and give money, by 2023, the market seemed to be slowing down a bit, the growth that was expected was not visible, due to increasing competition, CAGs were increasing and many companies took smart decisions, like I will talk about mm meaning, many people criticized them at that time. But brother, they launched the IPO. They launched an IPO by 2023 with a revenue of Rs 1920 crore. Boat also planned to launch its IPO but could not do so. Tried multiple times but it didn't work. Shark Tank came to India. Many people became interested in startups. It gained a lot of popularity. The founders here were seen becoming influencers themselves. Taking the same founder as an influencer, ads were made, ads were run and better results were achieved somewhere. If I tell you from my experience, then 2022 was the peak for D to C brands. After that the world seemed to be changing. The first problem that arose was the high customer acquisition cost. How much money does it cost a person to sell goods? In 2021, this number used to be 650. Reached 890 in 2022. Reached 1180 in 2023. Within 24 days it reached 1520 and within 25 days it reached above 1850. Here I am talking about average things. We are spending ₹1850 to sell one item to one person. Which is seen increasing by almost 30% annually. Now let me give another data layer on top of this. If I talk about beauty in India, then the average order value here is ₹890. It is priced at ₹1250 in fashion. Meaning you are spending ₹2000, running ads and your sales are coming in at ₹800, ₹900. This means that for selling one product, you have to bear a loss of ₹800, ₹900 per customer. Now if I tell you the second big problem, it was the iOS 14.5 update. After which I would say the world changed a little. Where the accuracy of your targeting has been seen to decrease by 60 to 70%. We can track people. If you have visited my website. What did you see? What did n't you see? Based on that I can create a cohort of yours and show you ads. But after the iOS 14.5 update, the tracking accuracy which was 6070% seemed to stop. Many options have been created here that you can do this, do server side tracking, do this. But the reality is that the world of trekking is no longer what it used to be. Today, a pop-up appears in iOS asking whether you want to be tracked or not. Whoever it is, he will say, no brother, I don't want to be tracked. In fact, many such browsers have come into the market which people use so that they are not tracked. They have also created a system to prevent tracking within the safari. Google Chrome was also being taken in this direction. But at this time Google has stopped. So the simple thing that we used to know earlier was ROI. That ROI is not coming today. The third important thing here is creative faith. In fact, in the new update of Andromeda, creative has been made as a center piece, that at this time you do not have to do targeting because they cannot do targeting, so you do not have to target that much, but you should focus on the creatives, you should put messaging to the creatives as to how the creatives will be, the more the creative the better it is, but the story is this, how many creatives will you make as a D2C founder, you know that video runs and you have a cost for making video ads. You will have to spend a lot of money on every shoot. Yes, AI has arrived at this time. But many founders don't know that we can solve many of our creative problems by using AI. In fact, many DTC founders don't realize how important a role creative plays. The cost associated with every creative is going to be paid by growing their business. But they think why should a new shoot be done? Why spend more money on creatives? If AI can make you an intern for free, then that is better. Even if my brand gets diluted, it does not matter to me because we have to save the cause and somewhere it is not wrong. If I talk about the fourth reason, it is competition. There were 500 brands within 2020. By 2025, there are over 8,000 brands. All the ad networks work on budding. If I have to show an ad to a person at this time, then many people are competing to show that ad. The more people compete, the more the cost will appear to increase. According to research, CPM has increased by 40%. CPM means if you have to show an ad to 1000 people, then the average cost has increased by 40%. And we are sitting in that era where people are watching the relay with full force. Time consumption on social media seems to be reaching an all-time high. But brands have grown so rapidly that your costs appear to be increasing just as rapidly. Now let us assume that a founder puts his heart and soul into it and says no, I will take myself to Rs 50 crore. He is working properly till Rs 20 crore. It is operating automatically. There is a lean team. They are operating from the same warehouse. Limited are their SQs. Someone tells them that brother, if you want to grow your revenue then you will have to increase the number of orders. To grow revenue, they will have to expand their warehouse. You will have to increase the size of your team. This will have to be done. That has to be done and let's do it. After doing this, they reach Rs 50 crore but the condition of the business becomes very bad. There is tension. Losses appear to be increasing. Now let me tell you a breakage which is reality. If a startup is generating a revenue of Rs 50 crore, then how much money does it actually bring home? Let's start by talking about a real case scenario. Let's assume that the cost of the good is around 35%. If you have sold goods worth ₹100, then you actually have to pay ₹35 for the product. Whether you manufacture it yourself or buy it from somewhere, you are left with a gross margin of 65%, which is considered good in the industry. 40% of your money is spent on marketing, which again is considered good, that you have spent around 40% on marketing, in which you have done meta ads, influencer marketing. You may have multiple agencies. I have paid them the fees. Money has been spent on creative production and so on. Your logistics cost comes around 15%. In which your RTO is also included. I will tell you further that RTO is a big problem. But I assume you have optimized it by 15%. Your RTO comes at 15%. Team expenses are around 12%. So if the entire amount is calculated then there is a loss of Rs 1 crore. We have faced a lot of tensions behind doing a business worth Rs 50 crore. We have incurred a loss of Rs 1 crore. And right now it is above the contribution level. Here, if you have to pay any interest, there is depreciation, taxes have to be paid, there is any consulting etc., I have not included any of that. So, in short, a D2C brand incurs a loss of around Rs 34 crore to generate a revenue of Rs 50 crore. And the biggest thing is that when any brand does Rs 50 crore, is making losses , onboards investors, then a decision is taken, it is celebrated. Let's scale. Scale here means that we will spend more money , bring in more SQs , and expand offline. You will be seen expanding into new categories. Take the example of Mm. When they launched their IPO in 2024, their revenue was Rs 1920 crore. Where he spent Rs 664 crore on advertising. Meaning they spent around 34%. Talking about Quarter 4 of Financial Year 25, this net profit was seen declining by 17%. Their revenue increased but profit appeared to be decreasing. Take the same story of Sugar Cosmetics. Its revenue in the financial year 24 was Rs 505 Within the financial year 25, it came down to above Rs 415 crore. Meaning a decline of almost 18%. Talking about Bau Science, it had a revenue of Rs 340 crore in the financial year 23. It reached Rs 233 crore within 25 days. Where they reduced their revenue by 30% to reduce their losses. If all three brands are considered together, the story is the same. An attempt was being made to expand offline. Due to which their margins appeared to be decreasing. If you sell offline, you have to spend around 40% over and above the MRP. Which goes to your distributor, goes to retailers, trade pay promotions, returns have happened. In all these things, where online you sit on 65% gross margin. Offline pay reduces to just 40-45%. The second big thing was they expanded their SKUs very quickly. There was a brand that came from face wash. After that he started selling shampoo , body wash, body lotion and skin care. Started selling lipstick and eyeliner also. Meaning, we will sell everything that we understand. But let me tell you one thing which is a reality, the more you add SQUIDs, the more your cost gets included in it. Behind every new SQ is a new inventory cost. There is a risk of returns. There is a fear of losing customers. And the third and biggest thing is that these people were running after premiumization. The customer who is buying your goods for ₹300-400, you are telling him that brother, now buy the goods for ₹900. It's a simple matter, the audience buying a product for ₹400 is different from the audience buying a product for ₹900. But you are thinking that this product should be sold to the same audience. All these things that I am talking about, we can see them in numbers. 3900 startups are expected to shut down by 2024. Around 2200 startups are expected to shut down by 2023. Yes, not all of them were D2C brands. But majority of the startups were D to C brands. Take the biggest example of Glam Group, brother. At one time this company had reached a valuation of above Rs 2000 crore. He acquired Sirona for Rs 450 crore. Scoop for under 100 crores. Acquired Miss Malini. And by 2025, the condition of the company became such that Bhai Sirona had to sell it back for Rs 150 crore. Scoop, which was bought for Rs 100 crore, had to be sold back for Rs 20 crore. Their strategy of creating a House of Brands remained only on paper. In reality nothing came out. I have made a case study on this. I will give it to you in the i button. You will understand if you see it. What mistakes did he make from which we can learn a lot. Look, running a D2C startup is a death spiral where you burn money in the startup to grow your revenue. When the money runs out, you go to the investor. The investor says burn more money. You burn more money. After that, when the money is over, you go to the investor again. The investor says, brother, you are burning too much money. Show me the profit. Reduce your expenses. Now the company reduces its expenses in order to reduce costs. Due to which the customer leaves them. The company 's revenue appears to be declining. After that another funding round is taken. Efforts are made to revive the company. Many companies revive themselves. Many companies are unable to extinguish it. Now the simple thing is that whatever funding you get is in a way increasing your runway. If the foundation of your business is bad then the business will sink, if not today then tomorrow. If your foundation is bad because you scaled too quickly and the investor came. The investor is giving you money so that you can fix your foundation. There is one year's time, try it and see. If everything goes well then we will launch an IPO. You will earn money with pleasure. So this means that brother, D2C brand should never be run. D2C brands will never be big. This won't happen. Look, let me tell you some realities. First of all, every product has a cake ceiling. When you start selling your product in the market, you target early adopters. You make offers. Those who use it for testing, within no time a revenue of Rs 10-20 crores is generated. At that time your CAKE remains between 300 to 600. As soon as you move towards the race of Rs 20 to 50 crore, your cake shoots up there. Because right now you're not looking at the early adopters or you're not looking at the customers who are just experimenting. Now you are trying to cater to the people who are also catered to by your competitors. You are raising funding for the product you are selling, it is not just you, there are other people in the market who also want growth, so because of this our CAG increases and reaches ₹10 and as soon as you cross the ceiling of 50 crores, CAG is seen touching the number of ₹1500 or ₹500 because at this time you are competing with very big legacy brands, be it Hindustan Iver, Marco, PG, you are going into that category, if I am selling a soap today, then I will sell the soap to a small audience but going above a level will be a big waste because there are many people who have been using Dettol for centuries. A lot of people are using Dove. A lot of people are using pierce. That's the brand they have in mind. She is running the family. They have been using these brands since childhood. Nastya has been created. He does not want to do new experiments. This product is running in the family. They are sticking to this. So now you have to burn a lot of money to break those people and bring them to your brand. Let me tell you another important thing. That is the LTV trap. Most of the founders think that the business will be built on LTV and that at present there is no problem if we incur loss. We will earn money in the future because the customer has taken a call on us today. We have also given him a discount of 30%. After that the customer will like our product. So brother, that will be repeated. No no brother, you have just given a discount of 30% to the customer. That's why the customer has come to you. Will the customer return at full price or not? This is a very big question. Companies say that brother, we have customer retention of 30%, 40%, 50%. Meaning customers are taking us. But here there is a big flaw in his calculations. The first thing you do is customer repetition in which window cycle? First of all tell me whether the customer bought it today and then after a year, is he a repeat customer or not, did the customer buy it on his own, that means he came to the website, opened my product and bought it or you have given a discount to the customer by running an ad and after that he bought it or you have formed a cohort, brother, these people buy it, you are running remarketing ads to them, you are paying them again and then you are bringing it, if the repetition cycle of any product, let us say, is of 15 days. The customer should repeat after 15 days. You can take it for 1 month or one and a half month. I just think the first one is a huge flaw within the repetition rate window. Most of the founders just touch it and say, brother, this is our repetition rate. They manipulate the data itself. Yes, okay. You have to tell a story to the investor. The world has to tell a story. If I say that brother, my repetition rate is 50%. 60 means people will say wow, what a great product it is. People are taking it again and again. But that repeated definition is not clear. Apart from this, there is another big thing which most people are not talking about. That is RTO. Brother, up to 25%, 30%, 35% of RTOs go to D2C in India. Do you understand the meaning of 30% RTO? 30% of the goods were sold and the return came. The cake that was on it was gone. That is zero. If you had spent ₹1500 to acquire a customer, it has become zero. Many people do not even subtract this RTO from their actual numbers. They see that my ROS is coming at 2.50. But have you subtracted your RTO from that ROS ? The second big problem is do you know what is inside it? CAG is gone, okay. Your product may also be lost. Many times that goods gets lost on the way. Many times when the goods are returned, they are in such a condition that you cannot sell them again. You have to do its packaging again. In 80-90% of the cases, the packaging itself is damaged. Suppose you have to pay for reverse shipping. Meaning you sent that goods to him. Then when I returned from there, I had to pay twice for logistics. And the biggest thing is that whatever delivery system is there, it is taking 10, 12, 15 days. Where your 10, 12, 15 days of inventory, capital, your cash flows are just stuck in the air. And on top of that, theft is going on inside the market. Where delivery attempts are not being made. The goods have been sent to the customer by the founder. There it was shown that brother, the customer was not at home. In reality, no attempt was made to send it to the customer's home. But he said that brother, he was not a customer. That's why that product was returned. There is no fault of yours here. But you also ruined your CAG because he wanted to take the potential product. Here you have also given two time logistics costs. Plus the capital block is different. Now the question arises here that is there no possibility that any brand cannot become big in D2C. Let me give you some examples where you will get some clarity as to what can be done if you want to become big in D to C ? First of all let's talk about Mokubara. People might be hearing the name Mokobara a little more now because Farah Khan is gifting it to a lot of people. But brother Mokobara is building a great business. There was a revenue of Rs 53 crore in financial year 23. It reached Rs 119 crore within 24 hours. It went to Rs 240 crore in financial year 25. Their revenue doubled. The company has become EBITDA positive within the year 2024. And do you know what is the biggest reason behind this? The average order value itself is very high. They are working towards the premium category. Where goods worth more than ₹10,000 are being sold. These people are selling luggage, selling travel accessories. Due to which their average order value is so high. If the average order value is good and you have an omni-channel approach because you are making a good margin on each sale, then your business will be seen growing. Today it is present in Bengaluru, Delhi, Mumbai and in fact even in Dubai. I think they have caught their niche and the combination of pricing they have done and have realized very early that brother, our customer will buy our product after feeling it, so we will have to crack offline. That is the biggest reason behind their success. Second one of my favorite brands minilist. I have also made a case study on this. Take a look at that. You will understand in detail. What magic did Minimum Millis do brother, Hindustan Unilver bought the company for 2000 crores, their projected revenue is 500 crores, where I am saying that it is difficult to break 50 crores, they are generating 500 crores, where Mama is sitting on 200 sq, these are working on 30 sq, where Mama Earth has done influencer marketing with full force, you cannot see their direct influencer marketing, to know in detail see that case study, I have explained it in full detail, the third recently emerging brand is Snatch. Brother, what a story it is. If seen, it is in the men's wear category. Almost Rs 500 crore revenue is being reported by 2025. We have doubled our revenue from last year. It is profitable. Working on omni channel. The biggest thing is that we are operating on fashion. Meaning new clothes arrive within three weeks. The best thing is their content team. You are generating very good content for your audience. According to me, he understood very early that only Bhai Conant would make a brand big. How long will you keep burning money on Facebook and elsewhere? If you want to sell any goods then there are only three important things for it. Someone please trust me. The founder of the company should come, the team members of the company should come, the spokesperson should come, trust him, love my product and love my company. They have thoroughly captured their audience and based on that they are catering to all three things through social media which I think is a very smart strategy. Everyone should learn. If you look at everyone, the biggest reason for everyone's expansion is offline. So D2C brands have to go offline. But you also have to consider that if you go offline, your margins take a hit. So can we think from the very beginning that we have to become a brand worth Rs 500 crore? If we want to become a brand worth Rs 500 crore, then we will have to go offline and involve ourselves in reverse calculations and not in the starting calculation that brother, my product is worth this much. This happens, this happens. No, this is my revenue. My CAG will come this much. This much will come to me. This much will come. So my product cost should be this much. If you go over reverse unit economics , it becomes easier to build a business. Like I told you, COGS should be around 35%. This is the industry standard. But brother, if it is not working in my calculation then I can take 35% to 30% or 20% also. In fact, in many categories it goes up to 10%. If I feel my marketing game is much better. I can do a better game by mixing social media with influencer marketing. The industry standard will be 40%. Can I bring my marketing cost down to 30% or 25%? And I am telling this clearly. This isn’t going to happen with a blank Facebook ad. A consistent long-term social media strategy will be followed where we create content to engage our audience and not just create it. For example, if I talk about logistics and warehouse, then at this time I am telling this from my experience. If you do fast delivery within 2 hours, 3 hours, 4 hours then your RTO reduces. At this time, there are many such startups which are working in major cities where you can store your goods. Your order will arrive within two to three hours and your goods will be delivered. At present, there are no complaints here that delivery was attempted but it did not happen. The market standard will be 15%. If I work properly, I can bring this 15% down. I can reduce my RTOs. If I do fast delivery then. See what are the reasons of RTO ? First, let's assume the customer placed the order by mistake. Ordered by mistake. So a very easy way to fix this is that whenever we send the goods, we should get it cross checked beforehand. Whenever we send the goods, before that we should drop a message on WhatsApp through automation that brother, your goods have been delivered. Your goods have been packed. This has happened to you, that has happened to you. So from this we can know whether the customer is interested or not. There you can give the option of a single button that if you want to cancel the order, you can do it. So if the goods have not yet left your house and someone cancels the order, then there is no tension. We saved money on logistics. The second reason could be that the person who placed the order wanted the product but actually the goods were not delivered to him. Meaning there was no delivery attempt. The lie that is going on in the market did happen. So if you work with honest delivery people then this problem seems to be solved to some extent. The third important thing is that as time passes, I am able to check more alternatives. Like I just bought a product. After that, after taking the goods, this is everyone's habit. Be honest in the comment section. I search for reviews. Brother, I have already purchased the product. After buying I am watching reviews on YouTube. I am looking at reviews everywhere. I should have looked before buying it. But I'm still watching it even after taking it. I am trying alternatives. So, if my delivery time is delayed then the customer's mindset may change due to that. He may have different options. So my order may get cancelled. Which I think is a huge portion of cancellation. And the last one which again has a big portion is fraud orders where competitors kill the orders. Where people forcefully order touching. So its solution is being made but it has not been made yet. You can say that brother, install AI layer , get the address checked, backlist the pin codes. A lot of them have just become checkout systems. Adopt them. But this problem has not been solved at that level yet. This will happen as our Indian e-commerce will be seen growing. And the biggest advantage of delivering within two to three hours is that your working capital remains in your hands. Meaning, the goods come and go immediately, the goods come and go quickly. If you see that more goods are sold in Delhi then get a setup made in Delhi. Get a set built inside Mumbai. Get a set built inside the South. Make a setup in those states from where you are getting maximum orders. Keep the goods there. Now let me tell you one special reality brother. 2018 to 23 was a golden era where more than Rs 15,000 crore was raised from VC. Of which around 60% was also burnt. From which no output was seen coming out. Now were the founders wrong here ? According to me he was smart brother. He raised good money during good times. Was hard working. Was skilled. Was the VC wrong? Not according to me brother. He was also running his business. They can see it. There is growth. If I invest money at this time, that money will appear to be increasing. My business will be built. We will launch IPO tomorrow. I will get a very good exit. According to me, what has happened here in the Indian ecosystem is that the quality of the product has become commoditized. Meaning you are buying things just by looking at the price. You are buying things after seeing the discount. Let's take an example. Korean beauty is very much in trend right now. Where beans are working inside the bean packaging. All of them are running the same meta ads. Everyone's business is growing to a certain level. But actually the business is not getting established. Many people think that growth is business. But growth is not a business, brother. It is a simple thing here. When I am about to hit this 50 crore wall. Do I have enough funds to cover my expenses for 3 years now? Mama Earth is the biggest example of mmer, when its IPO came, it got a lot of criticism that they don't know how to do business, this is not the case, that is not the case, but after the money they raised, the business seems to be growing, right? Yes, okay, right now the profit seems to be decreasing, but the business seems to be growing, talking about wow, they go and expand globally, they went to the US, but they came back from the US because they have money to run themselves, talk about Sugar Cosmetics, suddenly after Shark Tank, brother, they took the money and after that, they started expanding aggressively offline, right now they are settling themselves a bit. This can only be done by those who have capital. It is a very bad thing to dream big without capital. And this is not your fault. According to me, a structural problem has been created which I don't know how it will be solved. Most people think that they should raise money. Funding is a solution. But funding is actually not the solution. Whenever you are going to take funding, you have to keep three things in mind. What is the first path to profitability going to be? How will I become profitable? By what date will I be ready ? By which quarter will I be ready? Are my specific numbers behind that? Am I meeting unit economics targets ? Is it going to be cake? How will my cake appear to grow over the period of time ? What is my real LTV? I would like to say real LTV because I explained to you that LTV is whatever is going on in the market at this time. Those who are saying that 50% is our repetition rate, their actual repetition rate is 10%-12%. And the most important thing is brother, what is my burn rate? How much money am I willing to spend per month? If it goes above this, brother, we will stop. If you plan to raise money with this discipline, then race. Otherwise you are heading towards a ditch. There will be a wall, you can try to jump over it but you won't be able to. If you fall again and again, you will break your bones. I think there will be a new wave again in 2026 where AI tools have arrived. Creating ads has become easier using AI. Using AI, you can create websites very quickly using agents. Meta Ads Google Ads is moving towards a bit of automation. Where you do not have to hire big agencies to run basic ads. Yes, this is not like 2019 where you will get money easily. Just make a good product , raise money, burn money and build a business. But somewhere you can control your CAG through effective use of AI. Can't reduce it. Brother, CAG will keep increasing over the period of time. Unless all the companies come together and decide on one thing that brother, we will not do this. We will not burn that much money. Unless that thing happens, which I don't think will ever happen. Even if a company decides to form a company, some group of companies decide to form a company, some new small company will come and start burning something, it will run after scaling it by suppressing it, so according to me, if you choose a good niche, make a good product, think about your Euro economics from day one, optimize a good team, run your business actually on Excel, that is, on a daily basis, on a weekly basis, on a monthly basis, you track all your unit economics, how much is the actual cost coming, how are you doing things, then you can probably survive. Otherwise, the story is very difficult. So if you enjoyed this video then brother please share the video so that this message reaches as many people as possible. People should understand that the story is not that easy but it is not that difficult either. If you had a favorite company 2 years ago and it is not there today and it has become bad. Today she doesn't give discount or if some issues are coming then why are they coming? You must have understood everything. And if you're a founder, a business owner, this channel is for you. You can subscribe. Here I bring business related deep content with experience where I have actually run things. I have tested it and based on data I present everything to you. So let's say bye good night. Shabagh, God bless you. Good morning afternoon. Whenever watching a video. Jai Hind Vande Mataram. Remember me in your prayers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IntellectualIndies [4 likes]: Buy our  vibe coding course- https://lapaas.com/courses/mvp-engineering.html
Buy Our course- 
Android- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.edrilla.app
Ios- https://apps.apple.com/in/app/edrilla-business-booster/id6751890495
Buy Our Course: https://lapaas.com/solopreneur.html Or Contact 9540065704 (On working hours, else WhatsApp)
  2. @abhishekdalvi2471 [2 likes]: 29:00 
- Sir have confusion ?? What is meaning of settle business ?? 
- After heating 50 cr window have cash , means cash from profit or Funding ?? 
 - You appreciate mama Earth how they made business funding their revenue increased but profit decreased . Means they are in trap to burn money ?? How they make business ??
Can you explain ??
  3. @iampallabghosh: I love complete video. But there is no solutions in this video, I get it what to track, but how? I expect more solutions not problems.
  4. @shubhamshah8415: Pls create case study on ed-tech business platform as well similar to d2c.
  5. @Play-Pikvin: Aramya is also a very good success story ! Check them out
  6. @Videos-d5y: Sir so iss time kisi ko aapna business ya job karna hai  to dm me kya sikhe social media or ads dono point of view se baatye
  7. @Mmamonsters: Great insights
  8. @shrikantpawar26199: I got 1 formal Shirt from Snitch via offline and i loved it so much that i bought 5 more shirts of different colours via Online. And in my office I get compliment everyday regarding quality and feel of shirt and they ask me send the link of same shirt. So most important for any company is the product should be Good every other thing is secondary
  9. @itskunalanand: The problem with website D2C is quickcommerce and marketplace which takes too much high commission.
  10. @1234_RAHUL: ham bhi d2c startup ke bare me kam kar rahe isake bare me bahut kuch sikha hai ap sahi bol rahe ho
  11. @r21061991: Crashing as all are big time farzis
  12. @gauravtyagi8731: पहले तो इन्हें start up मत बोलो।। पहले तो ये लोग कुछ नया नही कर रहे है जो भी वो पहले से भी है। दूसरा नया नही दे रहे तो cheap and best दो । वहां भी फैल है ये। फिर ऊपर से सब घाटे में।। ये एक scam है।। लास्ट में एक आदमी के ऊपर ये घटा रखकर निकल जाएंगे।।।भारत एक ठरकी और बेईमानो का देश है।। यहां इनसे कुछ नही होगा।।
  13. @yankitbansal: make a video on creative you were talking about on time stamp 7:39 tell us more about  it
  14. @Anadizfacts: Sir will you please make a detailed video on how D2C brand can profitably survive in this D2C crisis.
  15. @anujbolakani1493: Sir brilliant aap sach me dimag khol dete ho🙏
  16. @Notyourtype_25: Sir your videos are very static, and editing is also not good , nowadays videos have a lot many visuals. I don't like Dhruv rathee but his videos are well edited with good music and visuals and effects. Make your videos like that. Also change the background. Your videos don't keep engaged
  17. @cityofjoy8830: You are spot on with the discount  part. Mainly in supplements business.
  18. @hsquare_81: I am going to start a D2C brand in clothing I am finding a partner
  19. @harshpatel5069: nice video
  20. @nitesh8604: Most of them are just running on marketing only. ..no product based companies

- How to Grow Your App in 2026 - UGC Ads Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en Then that's why streamers have been winning. >> That's why Speed is so successful. And I feel like it's my uncle because I I watch him for years and I think he's entertaining. >> This is one of the topics that interests me the most. The founders or even startups in the app world have no idea what they could be competing against. >> I there was a time I didn't have a smartphone for 10 months. I use my MacBook and I use a a brick phone. >> I think people get lost in the tactics like foundations goals. want to get to a place where you're spending five $10,000 a day profitably. How do you get there? What do you do >> on mobile app is different than an e-commerce because they are like running crazy campaigns. >> Volume is important but it's not the only metric like you need more >> and I actually learned from you how to write good hooks. I don't know if you remember >> your accent is hard >> bro. My accent is madera is the worst. >> I'm not used to that. I'm not used to that. >> No, I understand. I get you. No, but but you do it like Portuguese is good. You said your girlfriend is is a Brazilian. Oh, Brazil. >> Yeah, I had a lot of friends that were not speaking English a lot when I came here and because it was like co there was no tourism. So, I got friends with the local and they learned me Portuguese and I learned them English a bit and at one point we could communicate. >> No, how'd you go about meeting people in Lisbon? >> Just in the streets. >> Really? like you're just going out obviously like I mean >> yeah I was here alone in the beginning so I had >> that's crazy I was just >> I was riding BMX for many years so I was always >> part in the with with this scene and then I just meet people there and we became friends we were a lot of uh you know in Kaish the you know there's this big flat spot is this big uh plaza that's just a flat area like near next to the train station >> and I used to hang out there a lot and it was >> people go skating there as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. I was living in Airbnbs and we did some parties in in my house there back and then that way I got introduced and I'm still good friends with them until now. >> Yeah. Nice. So yeah like you you came in co you said is like 2020 at this point >> 21 20 roughly. >> What happened? What were you in Barcelona or Paris? You said >> no I I moved I left the house of my parents when I was like 20 and then I went to um Lisbon. No, I went to Barcelona for two weeks and I went to Lisbon and then COVID came and uh I I boo it's like a long story but I booked my flight back from Lisbon to Hamburg in the wrong month you know then I was forced to stay one more I could have booked another flight but I said okay then I'm going to stay one more month and in this one month I made like very good friends here and then I just say okay >> nice around >> yeah I I'm moving uh like I'm not um I'm not registered here so I'm moving around >> I get I I plan to go to Brazil in a bit and then come back and go to Germany and come back. I like to spend summer in Germany also because he I'm from Hamburg it's very beautiful when it's warm. Yeah. >> But now it's like in the winter it's a bit it's not too cozy, you know. >> I I think not only Germany but you have places in like Germany, Switzerland, you have um you have ne the Netherlands also where it's like >> it's [snorts] it's tough in the winter but then you know summertime is actually cool. You have the parks and everyone's are out and >> it's very pretty. My best friend is from Amsterdam and I was visiting him in December >> and was was still nice but I don't know I don't want to it's like hard every day gray sky very cold tough it's not good I I personally didn't like it so this was this one was a big difference man >> yeah tough how how many years did you live in Hamburg before moving first 20 >> yeah so your whole life and then you moved >> yeah like I kind of left the house of my parents like moved out like when I was 18 I finished high school and then I was working in the supermarket and then I was um taking the money I making from putting soup cans in the in the thing >> nice >> to pay ads and then it took like 14 months of making minus until I had my first green month and then >> okay so you know >> I could quit and then shortly after I had the first green month I started to travel and got stuck here kind of >> okay so talk to me walk me through a bit of that >> yeah does and I have a similar similar story but like doing like eight months of cold outreach trying to do something while I was doing Tik Toks to then land something but then you said 14 months you're like in the negative. >> Yeah. >> Were you working? >> Yeah. Yeah. I was working in supermarket. >> Okay. Okay. Well, was this back home? >> Yeah. In in Germany. >> Okay. >> It was like a student job. I made €450 a month and I was working with my partner and he was also making 450 a month and we were doing drop shipping back then and yeah we were just burning money but we were learning a lot making like trying to run launch a store not making it work launching a store not making it work and then one moment of another like we got a recommendation for a winning product from a friend because his store got set offline but the product was working very well and then we tested this product and it exploded like it was like really crazy overnight success that took 14 months, you know. >> Yeah. And I think with if you start in ecom or drop shipping, anything physical products, it's like gives you a very good foundation for marketing. >> Very good. Yeah. I I feel like right now I'm speaking a lot to my old ecom friends. I I went like every two three days I go on calls with ecom guys and I just learn a lot from them because they are so cracked at like uh media buying, ads, creatives, copywriting and I implement this angle into apps and it's it's working well. Why do you think though that is of like when you're doing ecom? >> Yeah, I think it's very simple explanation like imagine you you are at home and you cannot sleep because you have back pain, you know, and I give you a solution like and the result of the solution is that you don't have the back pain anymore. You you wouldn't care what the solution is, right? It can be an app that helps you to stretch like Bent is doing. they are like running crazy campaigns or there's this you know posture thing that you strap on and then you are like the end customer couldn't care less what is is it physical digital it's just about figuring out who is aware of the problem and not of the solution and then showing the in the right moment and building a purchase intent. Yeah. >> So it it really doesn't matter in the end of the day if it's physical or digital. >> Yeah. Do you find it's harder though to to like monetize or convert or just promote the physical product stores than it is the apps? >> No, I don't think it's a big difference in the end. Like if you run ads, you create copy and make people convert. Maybe digital is a bit more complex because the average order value in the beginning like the initial purchase is lower. You know, there's not a lot of like for example Reframe. I think they are optimizing against $100 yearly which is like they're killing it also with web to app um from looking at the outside but I think it's very similar you know. >> Yeah, >> you're good. You're good. >> But yeah, like e-commerce has higher um initial purchase but also I feel like there's higher CPM. So this is kind of >> I think it's more commoditized as well as a product. So because you have more competition as well. >> Yeah, for sure. >> But now you're the same thing is happening in the app world. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think it's going to become very different and I think a lot of e-commerce people are entering the app world. Um there's it's going a lot of ecom guys doing like instead of drop shipping like branded uh campaigns where it's like with a 3PL where they have an infrastructure of very quickly going from testing with drop shipping and then going into building their own branding. So they have the skill set of running ads and building brands and they just see the the potential on apps. There's no fulfillment anymore, but it's the same, right? You have a problem, you have a solution, and you build a brand around it. And then you try to get as many people that are problem aware, but on solution aware and just scale up with eggs. >> I was going to ask you I was going to ask you because >> I think many of the founders or even >> Yeah. If these people from the, you know, direct to consumer world come in to the app world, >> it's true. Uh, it's going to become more competitive for sure. Like I'm not going to be the one who like I'm not trying to like when I post on Twitter, I'm not trying to make too much ecom noise because I don't think it's going to be a good thing, but it's going to happen sooner now or later. I have like a lot of my ecom friends reaching now out and asking about the app stuff and I think it's going to become more competitive for sure. Like I I tweeted about this like um years ago like I said I wonder the day when launching apps is going to become as easy as building Shopify stores and this is kind of happening right now right so you see like you know Replet Ror you have all these now products where it makes makes it so easy and it's lowering the barrier of entry and I I was going to ask you as well about even big content creators big influencers I mean that h that wave happened in the e-commerce world where these people with audiences built something around like a brand like a clothing brand or like a >> 100% like in Germany there's a very very good case of um it's like two influencers Inscope and Tim Garel they have an app u let me remember what's the name I think m MGI you're going to figure out when you look for the app of them I think it's it's like three letters starting with an M and they're doing phenomenal it's like a fitness guy and a comedy guy that was also into fitness and they took a long time to develop this really good product. It's it's like a AI fitness coach that makes very personalized content in app and yeah they are doing very very well very high average revenue per user if you look on seno tower and this is happening over and over and over again in Germany there was another famous case of an app called save it where a a nice content creator I like his content his name is Dave he was making like a Fortnite you know Fortnite creator code right he made this for influencers in real life so you had a for a creator code for affiliate marketing basically and this blow up also overnight and a lot of people are using it. I don't know how they're doing now but in this launch phase they were they're doing very good. >> Yeah, I think there's a lot of these um ju just as a foundational concept the same thing is happening which is again it's becoming easier to build apps. So that means also that you know the the people that are coming into the app world um yeah are definitely going to bring some interesting competition. And I think that's something you know founders and what you know startups should be aware of that >> I think it's good for the consumer in the end because there's going to be less room for a bad product and the good product is going to win and it's not [cough] maybe as a founder is not the best if there's a lot more competition but then you just need to become better at product right it's the same with ecom back in the days like when we started we used just um that's like creative is something that you are very very good in right so you the how the it's not so acceptable anymore to have bad creatives like it was years ago, right? Years ago, it was a lot easier to go viral on Tik Tok with very very very different content. You know, you could post anything and it would get some views because the demand for content was a lot higher than the supply. I think it's I think it's still the case that the demand for content is higher than the supply, but it's it's going to shift a little bit, especially with AI and Sora and all of this stuff. I saw a guy I spoke to a guy and he made a good example where he was saying that the reason why there are so many split screen videos going viral of like reused clips where it's like I don't know Mr. is talking and in the second half it's a GTA video is a good example of how the supply for content is higher than demand. Like I catch myself sometimes re-watching the same clip that I saw already, but there's a GTA video in the second half. And this like I I brain rot, you know? I I doom scroll every day like two, three hours and I I don't care if I see the same video again, you know? >> I I think that's one one interesting concepts like I think people that start creating content think that they're creating content that people are going to be interested in like looking for. And what ends up happening is like you have Tik Tok and reals and shorts where it's like this is just you know kind of a a repository of you know consciousness. People are just scrolling. They don't even know why they're watching what they're watching. Like maybe you're watching the same video for the fifth time. >> It's like didn't matter. >> I I had this moment of um clarity where I realized like what am I doing here? When I was speaking to my friend, he was uh he's also working in the industry of content and I asked and I know he was watching a lot of Tik Tok himself and I asked him like name me your top three trending audios and we were sitting and we were thinking like what are but we were both doom scrolling a lot and we couldn't really name the top three ones which which was a bit scary you know we were supposed to know what is going on but we couldn't name them. was like are we that unconscious about it? You know, >> that's a bit what happens I think with scrolling. But but with content, I think one side of what's happening now in the app world is this is that the barrier of entry is just lower. So there's going to be a lot of people coming in. In fact, it's already happening. And then I think another side that's that's now one thing I want to to ask you is [snorts] on the organic and paid side that's also going to bring you know this thing of lowering the barrier of entry is also going to increase the complexity needed for distribution. So you're going to need better distribution. >> Yeah I think um you don't need better distribution in terms of media buying itself. Media buying was coming easier and easier and easier. Like when I think back of I don't know when 2019 18 it was we were doing stuff like very detailed interest stack of like single interest of very unsaturated audiences for like I never sold fake airports or some digital products or anything fake but there's this famous example where this guy was scaling fake airports very high and he was making single interest with stores like Walmart for example because Walmart is a place where people buy cheap alternatives um and the other people were scaling uh this product over interest like Apple, but he took Walmart and then he had this this audience that was converting on the product very well with this unsaturated interest, right? This was how media buying worked a few years ago with finding I I sold a product for like home modeling for example in the DIY space and I used interest I my grandma had like on her toilet this magazines where it was like about home improvement and gardening and we put literally the names of the magazine as interest in Germany in and they were printing because it was very unsaturated audience that you reach through the interest stack. Uh but nowadays this doesn't work anymore. It's not so complex to run the campaigns. You know how to scale, you know, how to downscale and the stuff. But it's not about the campaign structure anymore. It's only creative. Especially that Andromeda came out like two, three months ago. It doesn't matter too much. A bad campaign structure and good creatives will 1 million% outrun a good campaign structure and bad creatives. I would even say like the campaign structure is not that relevant, you know. >> And I think yeah, what you said makes sense. Just became easier also. I mean Meta and Tik Tok, they've all worked very hard to make it as easy as possible to to have, you know, companies and people spend money there. But yeah, on the other side, it's like I I do think the complexity for distribution is increasing, meaning like the system and the the quality quality meaning, you know, how effective the creative is and I think for that you need more volume. How are you seeing campaigns now? Like what's happening in the the ads world? >> Yeah, a lot more volume for sure. like you there's a tool there where you can see a graph of the I forgot the name of the tool but there's a you can see how many ads are launched like I think weekly or daily and all the big brands if you go in the ad library you're going to see like a very big curve going up because it's just volume is key you need to have a lot more creative nowadays than than uh back in the days you know it's just it's different the volume game and you need to be careful also with volume >> because Um, you need to find the perfect sweet spot between high output and high quality and not make too much volume and then let the quality suffer. >> Mhm. Yeah. No, I agree. Tell me so Mark may maybe now like just you know from to give a bit of context walk me through a bit of what you're doing. What are you doing right now? I know you know >> uh like I'm running ads for apps like I'm going to tell you how I you know some insights some go to market strategies and stuff. So I I don't think it's so good to drop the names because it's going to eventually come negatively back to me, you know. >> Yeah. No, you're good. But in terms of >> what what I'm doing on a on a day-to-day is I write copy that is going to be used from creators to I'm going to I I I do the market research. I write copy. I lead the creators and then I take the content and either I give it an editor to turn it into something better or I directly launch it in the ads manager and then I take care of this band being uh used in the most meaningful way. So eventually like my job is kind of a creative director more than uh purely media buying itself. >> How many brands are you working with just overall do you know? >> Yeah, I have I have two campaigns right now. >> Okay, nice. Yeah, I I like to I used to have be more spread around, but I think that's not a good idea. I prefer I learned the hard way that like a boutique approach is one million% better than making something here, something there, something here. It's just not going to work out. >> I mean, you've done great campaigns like Yeah, your track record doesn't lie there. So, from the last time we spoke, I think we spoke when, a year and a half, two years ago. >> No, I I think our our podcast was half a year ago. the first episode. >> I think there was more. >> Really? >> I think there's like because I was looking on YouTube um and I think it was like >> maybe a year and a half more. >> Maybe you're right. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Insane. I was going to ask you from there till now. >> Um how much has changed like especially >> so I can say what changed the what I said back then? I think everything is true. But what is more more and more important even like especially with Andromeda coming in from matter the update like to make it very short Andromeda was basically they exchange kind of the brain from matter and they are working I think with Nvidia to have like a new algorithm that leverages AI better to do a lot more um yeah analyzing the creatives if I'm wrong you know >> so so the algorithm on the ads is is more centered on AI >> yeah yeah it's more centered towards AI and the AI is getting better like one and a half years ago to now you can you know that the AI is changing a lot it's growing super quick and so the algorithm is and now more than ever creatives are the most important thing you know the AI gets better at reading the creatives and then throwing it the right audience so you can imagine um something that I like to do is I actually learned from you how to write good hooks I don't know if you remember but you did like you did like a consulting for me once where you were teaching me like this foreshadowing hook starting with what you mean and I tried this and it worked pretty well >> nice man I didn't know bro >> yeah you Uh we were after >> slideshows I think was crazy >> but I applied this copyrightiting structure um also in video ads where it was like foreshadowing it was you told me this hook um what do you mean um my boy I need to work 30 hours a week while my boyfriend pays rent for both of us doing this you know this was like a very good hook structure because it was problem solution but for the ring so it builds retention and I applied this and it working well. Yeah, I think talking head if you have if the creator is good telling a story that works very well. >> Yeah. Yeah, that works very well. And then comparing combining this with a good editor also that can like leverage the visual thing. I think editors and creators are equally important. So I I work now with a Brazilian guys. Shout outs to him if you see this. He's very nice guy. Um and yeah, it's it's just when you have content. I I worked I consulted my friend one day and he had very good content and for example the one video went viral and the other didn't and I said like try to re-edit all of the content make a coll like a montage out of it kind of then he went viral over and over multiple times again with the same content so you can just leverage a good editor um can leverage the content library that you have in such a amazing way also with AI voiceovers I feel like the best AI voiceovers are like clones of voices and not the not 11 Labs choosing a character, but going in cloning a specific voice of a creator and then you can take the the content that you have and cut it, edit it in multiple ways and turn it into a whole different creative without needing a creator just by leveraging AI through voice cloning and then editors through telling a different story and then you can test a lot more creatives in a very short period of time. >> I think a lot of people were talking about just to go back on the Andromeda update. >> Yeah. And like anything, I think you see some people on one side saying, "Hey, this is not that big of a deal. This not changing that much." And people on the other side saying, "Hey, this is a complete game changer." And I don't know if it's one or the other or someone somewhere in the middle. >> I think it depends a little bit on what your viewpoint is, right? if you were like I wouldn't focus too much on what changed or how it changed but it's just the fact that the creative is more important than ever and you need a higher priority of creatives coming in so and if you had like what is very popular is like one one campaign so you have like one big CBO where all the creatives coming in and then you uh just let this run you know I I wouldn't complicate it I saw many big ad accounts where we have just one single campaign you know one CBO and this is the go to market I I spoke with my e-commerce friends and they all said to me the same like one big CBO and there you pump in creative >> what CBO >> a campaign budget optimization >> oh yeah >> so you have the you can either have it on the adset uh or on the campaign on the adset it's better if you like this this is also you know preference but either you test in a CBO directly but often creatives don't get a lot of spend in there especially when you launch new creatives then one party says they don't deserve And if they don't deserve, you know, don't worry about it. And on the other side, sometimes it's like a mistake. I learned this also from a big big media buyer. He said to me like 20 times like stop being emotionally attached to the content that you create. Like you want to produce more profits for the campaigns that you're working on. So, you know, stop um being upset that your favorite creatives don't work. Sometimes I still like if I launch it in the CBO for example and I see that a certain creative doesn't get spent and I have intuition that it works. I like to test it on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because there you can give it better a dedicated budget for a specific uh adset. You can also give dedicated budget on the ads in the CBO but then it's more the whole um batch rather than one specific one. >> What you said there is great the being emotionally attached to creative that same thing happens with organic. >> Yeah. You wouldn't imagine like the time the amount of times we have to put that point across. I've never thought about it like that, but I think this is a great way like being emotionally attached to an idea to a creative to someone >> because we I met someone who was spending multiple six figures a month in ads and their best performing creative was a fade in meme. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I saw this. There's this there are some fitness apps that are killing it right now with fade in memes. I >> Liftoff is one of them. >> Yeah. Yeah. Liftoff. I saw Liftoff had some very nice fade in meme creatives. They're doing great there. >> They were crushing with organic as well with with Yeah. like faceless style. >> Yeah. Nice. I um w with this I I was consulting a guy the other day and he was launching 30 creatives and 29 were videos and one was a >> static. >> Yeah. one was a static and the static took all the budget [laughter] you know and it in the end like who cares the static was the thing that converted the like it was crazy difference like the the campaign is very fresh so I was look checking the top of funnel metrics in the first day and it was like I don't know 80 cent compared to 5-centent cost per click like very very very big difference >> yeah so >> yeah I think one thing there this is probably a more out of the box insight, but I think that on one side, people are very attached to what creatives they want to do and the kind of structure they envision for a given campaign, whether it isn't paid or organic. >> And I think I think provided that they they have done the work to hire the right person, they would be much better off to just not touch anything related to creative. But then there's the whole risk of nine out of 10 times they don't hire the right person. It's very tough to get the right person. So like the risk-to-reward ratio is something that's tough there. >> Yeah. Finding the right creator is a is very hard. You know, you need to what I like to do is um and you just get a bunch and one of them is going to work like one out of 10 maybe and then you just keep taking the one that is working and it's you working a lot more than me with real people and creators. So you probably know that it's not only about the delivery of the content itself but also the surrounding right how fast do they answer are they reliable >> 100%. We have superstars in content you know everything that they touch is gold but we can put them on campaigns just unreliable. >> But one thing I want to ask you this is my most selfish question. >> I want so so I have a lot of cases where we get we [snorts] have a campaign going viral right going super viral. some of them going insane. Now the thing that happens most of the time is a lot of the time you get the kind of conversion gets almost saturated. So the conversion rate goes really down like after you get to a certain point of certain level of views and I always have to have almost this conversation with with people we're working with about you know convincing them into going into spark ads just saying hey guys look like >> you need to do it I want to hear you out we've talked about this in detail last time I want to hear you out and where you stand right now about >> imagine you're someone who's crushing it organically >> why spark ads why not like or or even meta like has taken it to to add. >> Yeah. I feel like um what is the risk reward? You were speaking risk what before. Like what are we speaking about here, right? Is if you can add I don't know 50k MMR on an organic campaign to a client and you take $1,000 in testimon the whole the performance of the campaign. Do you think a client would be worth losing $1,000 to maybe hitting this gold mine? It's [clears throat] >> I don't know. I feel like if you really think there's potential and the client doesn't see it, take your take your own money and you know say to them we can run a small test and then make a datadriven decision and you will never know if it works or not. Like me looking at the creative is kind of it's not worthless but I don't get anything from saying this could work. I rather spend $5 $10 on an ad and have data and then can make a data driven decision than than guessing as is, you know, could it work? And so for you and the campaigns that you're working on and the clients that don't necessarily want to launch ads, you need to try to figure out why >> force them say, "Hey guys, I'm sorry. I'm going to put my own budget here." [laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, if you if you could get very very good data on a low budget, there is no real >> risk. Yeah. What? But touching on that, why do you think because we know so so if you get if if you're crushing it organically, most likely you'll crush it on paid. >> Why do you think that is? >> Because the video like first things first there is not a guarantee, right? And I often see I had like a campaigns where I had a video with 5 million views and I tested it against one with two with 200 views and the 200 one was ripping. It was printing on paper but just not organic and the 5 million was absolutely not converting. So there's no guarantee. However, if a video can get conversions organically, it means two things. Number one, it has retention because otherwise it wouldn't go viral. And number two, uh it it is product focused. Like if you have a video that goes viral, especially with like the the hook, like the hook demo, but without the demo and it's just selling in the comments, I don't think this is working very well on ads. Like I never >> I never used that. But if you have hook demo and the video has retention and is converting. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's a no-brainer. >> Especially like imagine I I post this piece of content. This video gets 2 million um 2 million views and 4,000 installs and I assume from this 4,000 installs you should make uh you know some money. Like let's say the app is not super conversion um rate optimized and you make a few hundred bucks. Why you don't take 50 and just put it into ads? You know like you if you if you feel like think of like trading you you would you you're like so much like you are so high and you can set like a very very high stop loss. So like what do you do? You you go viral with a video take 10% and throw it into ads. Yeah. >> Like how greedy can you be to not be willing to risk 10% of the money that you made through this creative to maybe double your profits. You know >> let's imagine let's imagine Mark you're not like okay you're going viral but let's imagine it's not converting. Yeah, >> but but you have good creatives, but it's just not yet converting, but you hit, you know, a few videos that are way above threshold. Do you still test them on paid? Do you think it's worthless because they don't have the conversion mechanism? Because I know you can do like direct install campaigns. >> Yeah, I would. It depends, but I would probably go direct to purchase and not even test install because it depends what you want, right? If you are >> No, it's ultimately >> if you want profits, go to purchase directly. If you have like let's say 500 creatives, I would maybe test on install first and then take the top top top creatives into purchase just because you get a more reliable like running five I don't know it depends a little bit on the case scenario right uh however what was the question again? >> No. Yeah. If you're not converting, if you have like you were saying, hey, if you have a hook and demo, >> okay, if if you have a creative that is going viral but not converting, I would say kind of the same answer as if it would be converting. >> Put it on ads and look at the data. You know, you can make very like I I learned the hard way that me um trying to trying to predict what is working is most of the case wrong and it's kind of worthless. Like if I have a campaign or like if like if I would work with you for example on a campaign and you tell me hey Mark there's this app we made 500 videos and uh 10 went over a million views for example I would say to you that we should probably test all of them on ads you know and then let's let look at the data and see what is working. So if it's converting or if it doesn't convert I would say in both case let's test it on ads. >> Yeah Mark and this is where I this is where I think a lot of people will get value. So the the I agree 200%. Now my other question we get a lot and I I just wanted on record here for everyone to see how much do you need? Let's say let's say you have >> you have a few videos going viral. Say they're not going super viral like a 200k views. >> And how much realistically do you need to to know to have data to have enough data to know hey this is worth it? >> Yeah. So um you there's three stages I would say. Number one is that you launch an ad and it looks horrible. Number two is it performs mid and number three it's performing well. If your goal is for example a $1 CPI and you test it and you see a 10% clickthrough rate and a $1 cost per click, you can kill it after 24 hours. It's just not going to perform. you know, if it's performing mid and you say you have a CPI goal of, for example, uh $1 and is is at um is at I don't know, it's a bit over it and the clickthrough rate is at like 0.7%, you can let it one three or three four days and then make a decision and if it's if it's working, if it's printing and the top of funnel data looks promising, you anyway, it's not going to turn it off, right? So you can use like low budgets to get an estimate and then let it run for a day or two and just look at the data and then make this three decisions. If it's bad, kill it. You know, the optimization is not going to happen just from volume of budget. If it's a bad creative, it's a bad creative. If it's performing mid, let it run a little bit longer. And if it's performing well anyways, don't kill it. >> Yeah. Okay. There's a few things and pretend I know nothing about this. The first is do do you adjust how much budget you put in depending on how many creatives you have? >> Not really. Um, I I like to test on like I saw this post um yesterday from one of the guys from Reflectly and he said that they were testing hundreds of creators with um with like5 to$10 per per adset and you know in the in the end of the day low money budget is going to give you a realistic introduction of how the creative will perform. You know, >> I think last time we were talking about something. I don't remember how much it was. I think it was around the $500 mark to like properly test and get some data back. >> If you have if you have a volume of creatives. Yes. So, but you know, right now I launch a batch of creatives in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it's maybe um per adset 5 10 15 creatives and then I let them run on like around $100 per day and then if it's if it's good, you can also do less. You can do 50 theoretically. I wouldn't a whole group >> across like five to 15 creatives roughly. You can do like $50 $100 let it run one to three days and then look at the data you know and you can make a small budget decision of and see and then if it's performing I have normally what I do and this is you know what I do some people have only CBOS I like to have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to test and then I graduate them into the CBO and the scaling campaign. So you can let them run from like $50 to $150 5 to 10 creatives one to three days and if the performance is good I take them and I take the post ID and I graduate them into the CBO that is scaling and it is on whatever you are comfortable with you know for some it's $1,000 a day for other it's 50,000 a day what I don't know you know it depends a bit on the time of the year the app the season whatever it might be but I like to have a graduation phase because you don't >> realistically the bad creators anyway is not going to get spent but if you have a high frequency See, I would I just like to throw the the winning ones into the CBO. But I also have friends that don't do this. They throw everything in the CBO. Also, on mobile apps is different than an e-commerce because um if I'm correct, you can have only I think um five five adsets per campaign in the CBO and in e-commerce you can have unlimited. So it makes even more sense in ads in ads to first test on a on a lower budget [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] campaign and then graduate them into the CBO because yeah there's just a limit bit. >> Okay. And now this is where it gets interesting. So we have creatives that are working. We put a bit of budget behind them. Then we have the data that basically segments them into bad, average or mid and good. Right? what is the data like I'm sure there like three or four indicators that are the indicators >> the the KPI is completely based on your product you know the best KPI is going to be pure performance so if you but you can look at other KPIs like clickthrough rate or hook rate or cost per click or CPM but I like to look um you know at the cuck so if I have a average revenue per paying user of $30 and my cuck is at $30 I I don't know even at break even maybe I would put it in the scaling campaign but if we are sitting at $50 cost per purchase I I wouldn't necessarily put it in the scaling campaign to be honest if it gets some purchases in the initial test rates are normally graduated and put into the scaling campaign but if you spend for example >> you have a batch of creatives okay imagine you have a you have a adset with 10 creatives in there you spend over the over a period of three days you spend let's say €200 euro and or dollar and you make zero purchase I I wouldn't graduate them into the scaling campaign you know so the KPI if it's good or bad should be um yeah in the in the initial testing phase it should be if there is some indicator of revenue however in the CBO in the scaling CBO it's also different because there I look on I don't really turn creatives on or off in the scaling CBO because there's just going to be the case where sometimes meta is going to show your creative to a certain people and they not going to convert on this creative but on the other one. So they are like working in a team and it's going to look like this one creative is not working but meta gives it budget and the other one is ripping. I would not turn off the creative that gets spent without conversions because it's probably supporting the other creatives and the algorithm like become very good at not giving budget to creatives that are not working. For example, I have uh I had one campaign where where it was spending like1 to $200 a day on a certain creative and it was not converting at all, but the other ones were converting very well. I turned this one off and the others had a negative impact on it, you know. So, I don't really turn them off and on in the CBO, but in testing it's different, you know. >> I think Yeah, I think so. Essentially, what I'm hearing as someone who knows very little on the ad side is essentially if you're doing any type of optimization, yeah, don't mess with it because the algorithm knows what it's doing better than you. And on the other side, >> I think from what I'm g getting, and correct me if I'm wrong, it seems like it's almost like a hierarchy or an order of of KPIs. So, for example, you can have a horrible CPM, but if your CAC is still good compared to your average revenue per user, that can scale. >> Yeah, 100%. Like what? Like I don't care to like the other day I I spoke with somebody and he asked me he really wanted to know from me the the KPI for the CPI and I like I was working the whole I was working 10 hours on a campaign, writing copy, um reading scripts and I did not know what was the CPI on this campaign because I really don't care. I don't really look at how much are we paying per user because I know at in the end the bottom of the funnel it was working very well. So you know what I I don't really get something from looking too much at the top of funnel data like I look at money in money out and not really too much what is happening. I don't know what is the average CPM or the like of course I know it's between three and $6 very often apps and the cost per click is normally anywhere between I don't know even 10 to 50 cent let's say and the CTR is maybe a good CTR is 3% and a bad one is 0.5% but in the end if I if I pay 60 cent for a click and I have a $7 CPM and I have a 0.1 clickthrough rate and I have a a cuck for $10. What do I care about? >> I'm laughing because I saw this meme. I think it was Owen that told me I was speaking to Owen the other day and he was telling me, "Yeah, I think we've gone through this stage where like not I'm not quoting him verbatim, but but essentially like the Chad marketer nowadays just like [laughter] volume, money in, money out. That's it. It's like that's essentially it." >> Yeah, it's true because you know the everything else is noise. >> Yeah. Yeah. You can make a nice screenshot of here's my top of funnel and data but what do you get from doing this you know? >> No I agree Mark. Okay let let me ask you another thing on this topic because I think this is interesting. >> How do you define what to do when you have which platforms to bet on. So let me let me rephrase this. Well, um obviously and again this is a selfish question but obviously like you have all these apps now doing UGC especially like more the bootstrapped apps even some >> enterprise now starting doing UGC I think I saw >> uh the Northace which is physical and I you know I have some jackets I love it but [laughter] >> they're doing UGC. Yeah. So like anyway all these people now doing UGC. So most of this kind of consumer consciousness is on Tik Tok. >> How do you decide how much budget you put on Spark versus Meta for example? >> Data. You just test both. >> Yeah. You just test both and see what is working better. It's you you I would you know if you ask me what I would prefer, I would say test both. And after some tests, you know, if you if you test both, you're going to know and you're going to look at the data and you're going to see, oh, this is working better or this is working better. It's the same this is the same as if you you need to detach from it. Kind of the same with when you test creatives. You know, you you test 100 creatives and 10 of them work and then you produce more than the 10 that is working. It's the same with Matter and uh Meta and Tik Tok. You test both and for some apps matter is going to work, for some Tik Tok is going to work. Test both, see where you're making better money and then scale that one. I know you speak to a lot of very good marketers. Um, and yourself, you're a very good marketer. [laughter] >> Thank you. >> Don't you find that the more experienced the person is, the the kind of less direct answers they have for like questions like this? >> It's because you can never know, you know, you you just need to test it and make a datadriven decision. I feel like the more there's like something there's this graph, I don't know how the name was, but the meme you're talking about. >> It's like you you get this confident, you learn something new and you get confident, you think you're an expert, super technical >> and then all of a sudden you realize the more you know, you realize the less you know and then you break down and then you get humbled. And I got humbled very hard because I was only running matter for like years. Then Tik Tok came out and I had problems with matter. So I was like ah I go away from matter. I only focused on Tik Tok. And then I went back to matter and I realized, oh my god, like I was, you know, so arrogant of not utilizing matter more because if I would have stayed from from with matter and leverage Tik Tok, I would have have so much more experience, revenue, knowledge just because I I make this decision of not like being emotionally attached because I you know I I felt I had a hard time with matter and I said I go away but if I would have stayed I would have been better now. So don't don't do this mistake of being emotionally attached and trying to only leverage one. Do both. Look at the data, make datadriven decisions. >> Yeah. I I have two questions for you. So not maybe one insight to piggyback on what you just said, which is I fully agree and I think you can't really if you've been around long enough, you cannot really give direct answers because you've seen so much in such polar opposites. Yeah. >> Of of the the sphere because it's just like you can't predict it. We've seen at some point we're considering we post on all platforms organically and it's the whole thing about being a system and at one point we're like Tik Tok's just crushing every campaign and like the other platforms like take so long >> and we're like okay man let's just you know cut the other platforms >> and then we never did that we just continued and now like bro I swear you never know which platform is going to be the kind of champion before I give an app, you see Snapchat pulling like millions of views for like random social apps. I'm like, yo, what is happening? So that's that's the answer. The question I had for you is >> I have one question there for you. YouTube is doing well for you now, right? >> Insane. >> insane shorts. >> Yeah, YouTube shorts. It's crazy. >> And I don't know why. I have a theory. I think it's I think what's been happening is when Tik Tok came out for the first time ever, you saw this thing where anyone without an audience could go and gather, you know, millions of impressions, a lot of attention without having an audience. So it was the first time ever we saw a shift from a spokesperson like someone speaking to an audience to like the audience almost speaking to itself. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Right. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So that's the first thing I think changed and then I think because of that the natural consequence was regular people everyday people like me and you started thinking oh I can make content. >> I don't need to be an influencer that takes pretty pictures. I can just make content. and they went on the platform, they made content and that gave Tik Tok a huge edge because everyone is going on Tik Tok and the best content wins, not the biggest page. >> Yeah. And >> that's insane because what that means is like we were saying with more competition even for the app side, same thing on Tik Tok with more competition on the content side, it's much better for the user because the best content wins. Yeah. >> So your for you page is much much better. Yeah. Everyone knows. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think from there all the other platforms started seeing that and like Tik Tok just ripped when it came to new user acquisition and they're like okay we need to do the same. >> So now it's been this kind of you know um >> Twitter is even going there now with short content going very viral >> and I think every every platform is going to go there >> um because I think and I think it's going to shift after but I think I think it's just a natural way of consumption for us. >> What do you think is going to happen? You are like super deep in the short form game, right? >> Too deep. >> Too deep. What What happens after short form content? Are we going to go to one second videos and then or like what is going to happen after? >> That's a great question. I think I don't know. And by the way, like you know, as this thing grows as well, I know in in a few months people are going to be clipping the saying we change our minds. So we can but I do change my mind quite often because everything is happening at the same time. What I think will happen is, and I told this to Owen as well last time we spoke, what I think will happen is right now you have this short form content and the whole thing around it is one people want to know the message quick. They want to get to the conclusion fast, right? And two, even on entertainment, they also want to get to the point quick. It's like, okay, who can give me the quickest best dopamine, >> And I think we're going to get to the extreme of that, which is the clipping. So recycling the same content over and over and over. And then with AI generated, it's going to become easier and better as well. >> So I think from there two things happen. One is like whoever is the most human or can prove they're human wins, right? Because you want to hear from other people. >> And and the second thing is because of that, I think >> long form live interactive content wins. >> Because it's the most human. If you think about it, it's like You can't edit a stream, a live stream like you're not editing like you're just raw and and that's the like if you go to the extreme of what um people will want in terms of human interaction that's it. They want to see other humans start like that. That's why streamers have been winning my opinion. >> That's why Speed is so successful, right? He's touring the world and everywhere he goes there is like crazy crowds of hundreds and thousands of people coming into him because it's it's real and it's real people. like we we socially >> we're deprived more deprived than we were I think because of social media and we're on our phones and >> all of that. >> So I think that's one thing and then the second thing is like people connect people almost feel like they know him. >> Because so much contact on on on socials. Like if you watch one of these streams how long are they? Like four or six hours some >> more. I I don't know. I don't watch >> you almost create a relationship with these guys 1 million%. I watch this guy, this German YouTuber, Montana Black, and I watch him since I'm 13, 14, and I feel like I know him, you know? It feels like I know this guy. He's also from like around Hamburg. And I feel like he's my uncle because I watch him for years and I think he's entertaining and you know, it's it's crazy. I think uh something that that you spoke like about when that we too much found something interesting. You know that there was the blackout last year in Portugal and Spain. Man, this was crazy because first it was panic for like two, three hours because nothing worked anymore. But then there was this moment where everybody start to go outside and there was like everybody was socializing because no internet, no connection. Everybody needed to know what is going on. So this was it was a really nice experience because all of a sudden it was gone. No more doom scrolling. You know, >> this is one of the things one of the topics that interests me the most. Give me one second. Let me just get water. I also need one. >> So good. >> I was saying this is one of the topics that interests me the most. Uh because I think a lot of the digital solutions and the brands we're going to see as we're seeing already are brands that solve that problem. the problem of let's get out of social media, let's block our phone, let's do this. What do you think about that? >> I think that's amazing. I think there's a lot of good products out there and I think there's going to be more in the future because the given you know this people going to go to I there was a time I didn't have a MacBook and I use a a brick phone like a trap like a trap phone. >> That's crazy. the Okay, my co-ounder was talking about us buying. >> Yeah, the brick. >> I did it. Not not brick. Not the I like a trap phone where you had >> I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying. I just remembered the break. >> Yeah, this is uh this was a good experience. You know, >> I was going to ask you something and I just remembered this >> because of what you were saying about campaigns. So, there's a lot happening in the ad world. There's a lot happening in the organic world. I think people get lost in the tactics. I think people get lost in the what's the new hack, the new trick and they forget the big picture of hey you know this is it this is like foundations goals that's the only two things that matter. Now I want to ask you are you seeing a correlation any correlation with volume and performance like are the campaigns that produce the most volume the campaigns that end up performing the best or is that unrelated? I think speaking of volume in ads, it comes about creating good creatives and you know if you realistically I spoke to this guy uh last week and we found a winning a winning ad in his account and he said like I'm going to make a 100 uh creatives like this and I said to him like if you're going to do a 100 creatives I guarantee like he said like oh the next days I want to reproduce this creative 100 times and I said like don't do it because realistically You're not going to be able to have a high quality if you have 100 creatives. So volume means how many good creatives can you produce? And if you create only volume in terms of creatives, the chance that you're not going to make good ones is there, you >> So >> I just want to play devil's advocate. So what do do you not think that for example by doing volume you inevitably end up with more good ones? I feel like um in the current state of like currently I do a bit more matter so I can speak better about matter on matter ads it's uh micro changes doesn't work so much anymore like just exchanging the the hook copy itself it does work but like let's say you test um I would prefer rather than have 100 hook variations I rather have um 10 new creatives and then have one different persona targeted in each creative but therefore I need to write 10 completely different copies. I need to do 10 different ICPS. I need to go into different rabbit holes. So, you know, >> and for the people who don't know, this was a big update on the on the meta side of things with Andromeda. Yeah. >> Which and talk to me a bit more about that. So basically it meant that before you could do like one creative and you could kind of recreate it and with small changes and it would still rip and now you need different ones. >> Yeah. My my friend Mika he's a ecom very very good ecom guy shout outs to him. He he gave me the uh like I met him like eight years ago. It's very crazy thing and we are we reconnected recently and it's nice to see as a small world you >> Yeah. And he said to me like this example of if you have a headlamp rather um you know create like a headlamp can use by someone repairing his car. It can be used by a runner at night and it can be used by a dad playing with his kids. It's one product in different personas, right? And that's the big difference. You can sell the same product in different personas and reach new pots of audiences that are not yet converted. But you're not going to get there by having the running creative working and now you create 100 more running creatives. I rather I much rather have 10 different creatives with different personas in there, even if the running one is working, than 100 additional running creatives. >> But then what happens when one of them works better than the others? What do you do? >> I I mean, yeah, I'm going to create more >> testing, right? Like >> it's more for scaling, I would say like in testing and scaling. This is the two most important parts, right? But like I say, if a micro exchange of course like it's going to work if you have one winning creative and you create um the five first seconds like the hook, let's say it's 5 seconds hook. Um if you exchange it, you're going to find another winner probably. But when you want to scale to like high budgets, $10,000 a day ad spend, you you need to have more than one audience. You're just not going to get there if having one single audience rip. Even if it's a broad audience, even like I like to do like worldwide targeting without tier three countries and there's like millions of millions of people. However, the algorithm is going to have a much easier time of um working on this high scale if you have multiple pots of people that are directly spoken to. Let's say you have back pain, right? You can target to golfing people and then you can say are you not performing the way you want because um like is your swing not hitting the right way because of the back pain. This is like a a niche of golfing and then it's a subniche problem, right? And then you can test different subniches like uh is your dad not coming out with you anymore to golf because you have back pain. Now it's the sun that is targeted in the niche of golfing. The other way was the dad. That's great, >> you know? So this is like this is how you test multiple if you have a winning ad, you can do subniches within this audience, right? But rather than having 100 different angles of this golf this backpang golfing, I rather test 10 different audiences. So it's back pain, golfing, back pain, uh, pause writing, back pain, school, and then these 10 is going to give me much more valuable data of new audiences I can open versus, you know, >> yeah, I understand. So, and I think this makes sense. So, you're testing with widely different audiences and the the update also from Andromeda allows for that or or even even prioritizes that. And then scaling, what happens for example when you when you find like two uh angles that are the the best? >> Yeah. So most of the time when you scale the budget is going to go into like two or three creatives. If you have a lot like I see it many many times in different ad accounts that most the m it's almost always the case that the m big majority of the budget is going to go into one or two creatives, right? And then uh what happens is that you can scale these up, but you're going to hit a certain threshold when scaling it when going like to four four or five figures a day budget. You you're going to hit this wall and then you what you going to do? You need to then start testing new audiences and getting more creative, right? And you don't want to be in this case scenario. So you consistently should launch new audiences, new ICPS, like new customer avatars. Go ahead. Because it's like rare that we t that we have a product that is built for a specific niche. It's it's like the rich niches. Yes. However, the products are so broad. I want to give you like a real world example. For example, um Kai I saw scaling in the beginning. Very hard for a gym bro content. I don't know exactly which personas they have going on right now, but I remember seeing for example like I think this this gym influencers posting a lot and this is a very specific product. You know it's it's calorie tracking for gym bros. This is the niche. Bitepal came around the corner. You ever saw them is this raccoon avatar >> and they are scaling very hard right now. The same product eventually but in a in a different subniche which is um girls and they have so they have like this this very good UGC creator this girl and she's making content about weight loss of being a girl and like um the angle is very different. It's not eat enough protein to build muscle. It's um eat what you want to eat without feeling guilty. That's crazy. >> So, this is a it's the same product, a different subniche. Okay. This is this is a more um you know, it's black and white. It's boys that want to like >> I like to eat protein to get big, you know. So, if you show me a product, I would I probably would convert on that. Like I I used this products in the past. >> A girl would not buy on this. Even it's the same product. She wants to um she wants to eat good without feeling guilty. This is a very very different. >> Yeah. You kind of have different personas with the same product. >> They did like this is black and white boy and girl. what bite pal I saw is doing now I saw on my on my Tik Tok feed a lot of ads from them of a 40 years old man sitting in his car and saying like um oh I need to need to hide and track my calories because I'm 40 years old using this raccoon this AI thing you know this is a very different something so they have like I say I'm not sure what k is doing now but I saw like the gym bro approach a lot on on my feet and then now I see bite puddle on my feet running ads for girls and for 40 years old. So they have the same product but they are scaling in different markets and eventually it would be the best for if for the owner of a calorie tracker if he would capture all of the markets right before because your competitor can come in and just steal your audience that you didn't even know you could target. That's why I say I rather test 10 creatives than 100 but the 10 being a different audiences to prevent my audience being taken away from me because I you you can scale like they scaled super far in their niche but >> you know now bite pal is taking a little bit I don't know the numbers >> is that how you scale for example obviously this is a you know like meta targeted and focused >> but say you want to get to a place where you're spending5 $10,000 a day profitably how do you get there? What do you do? Um, >> obviously like imagine what you're doing. >> Uh, you need to have a variety of creatives most of the time. Like realistic I I saw accounts that just have one very clear persona and one angle and they scaling that way. But it's better probably if you have multiple personas coming in. I I can say to everybody that wants to get to this higher spend volume, go on your competitor's ad account and don't just swipe the creatives. Don't just rip them one by one, but rather get a big understanding. And you can do this very easily by just looking at the ads. What personas are they targeting? And you're going to notice that most of the time when there's a big app, they have this three, four personas. Let's say it's a calorie tracking app. They're going to have gym bros, girls, and 40 years old guys. You know, the gym bro wants protein, rice, chicken, muscles. The girl wants burger without feeling guilty. And the the father the 40 years old wants to just know what he's doing and he's new to AI. And this is the this is very different personas. And then when you want to scale in the direction where they are, figure out what personas they are using and you can try them of course I would recommend but also figure out which personas are they not yet using and try to open this market because then you have less saturated audience that probably will convert and if you keep doing that you just need to produce good creatives you know I don't know what the KPI should be maybe I I was at app growth summit and there I don't know which app it was but >> which one Berlin one was >> Yeah. Yeah. I was in Berlin. >> Uh I I sneaked in there a little bit, but it's another story there. >> Good. >> The there one of these big apps said their KPI was I think 30 creatives a week. 30 new creatives a week. And I think this was interesting because I was expecting a a way higher number, right? But they were they were scaling. they were like eight, nine figure brand and they said okay like if they are doing that volume you know I don't need to have 500 creatives a week because realistically you're not going to have the quality. One thing I this is being very interesting to me is when I first started in the space um doing organic obviously doing something very different than you. We were one of the first people to say hey you know volume is very important but we need to do >> persona and deep persona work before jumping in. Yeah. for that. That's the only way you can be comfortable and confident when hitting plateaus because you know you have so much more and that you can scale in different ways and different kind of directions and volume is important but it's not the only metric like you need more you need the the kind of yeah need so much more. So it I was very surprised to hear you say this today because I wasn't expecting it. I was expecting you to to go much more on a volume kind of tangent. Um, and by the way, just so people know, like I I think when we talk about low volume, it's not like low volume like you know, you know, [laughter] one post a day or one creative a week. It's like 30. >> Yeah, exactly. So low volume is already, you know, fairly high volume for people who aren't doing it. And I have a few more selfish questions if you don't mind. One is, and obviously this is just coming from a place of the most repeated questions I hear. Yeah. And kind of trying to address those to help as many people as we can that listen to this. >> So, one of them is, >> let's say you're talking to a founder that is doing only organic. >> Why would it be why or why not would it be important for him to test paid ads as a channel? I feel like the unnecessary like the No, I feel like the uncertain data is harming you. You know what what do you gain from not having data if a channel would work or not? Like realistically, what do you get from not having the data if it could work or it couldn't work? You have nothing. What do what would you like how long would it take? A few days. Do you have the creatives? Yes, I have them. >> Yeah. So, I think I think this for funded startups for >> um obviously profitable bootstrapped companies for enterprise people. This is a very important thing to understand. It's like hey the there is actually no reason from what you're saying to not test the pay channel if you're already doing organic. >> Yeah. But just again playing devil's advocate, what if you have very low budget? Like you have almost no money to spend. >> I mean, if you don't have a budget for ads, I I would say to you just double down on what is working currently. >> No, I'm saying you might, but it's like your last bit of budget. And and my question is in that case, what do you think is more risky? Is it to invest those 200, 500, $1,000 in testing a bunch of creatives? Because we're going from the assumption that this person already has organic going. >> What is harming them the most? Not spending that like the risk of not knowing or the actual risk of >> I think realistically, this is maybe going to sound a bit weird, but realistically, if you just have $200 for ads a month and you really want to grow your product, you should get a job and try to fund yourself. This is what I did. I can say this. I work in a supermarket and I spent my money working in a supermarket on ads. And if you realistically have $200 and you really want to grow your product, you figure out the way how to make money and invested. >> I love it. But because this is honest advice and then the other thing is also do you think people jump in with different initiatives, ads, organic, whatever it is, I have my own thought on it. But do you think people have like a mistake rather what do you think the mistake is? Is it that people jump in with too little budget or that people jump in with like what do you think? >> I think you can have both. You like if your ads don't work, stop throwing money at them and improve the funnel and the creative. You know, you shouldn't spend big money if you're losing it. I don't I don't see the value of growth when it's not profitable. it like if you are funded and you and you really want get thousands of users to evaluate your inapp funnel to see how the conversion is breaking and you want to see which onboarding thing that's a different approach. But if you are like bootstrapped and you want to get um you know you want to run ads and you are not profitable after a few hundred euro just go really in there and then try to get better copywriting, get better at you know directing, editing, market research, optimize your pay wall, optimize your funnel and don't spend too much on uh you know burning it. It doesn't make sense. I saw I saw apps um like you wouldn't imagine like I saw budgets being burnt on a crazy scale when I was going into um into ad accounts and I I I look at past data to get an understanding of what previously have worked or what didn't work to plan my first move. If there is a that has money and they they ask me for help, I go in there and I look at it and sometimes I see money being burned on such a high scale and I don't understand you know >> and my I guess like again just like imagine this person already has organic going out. >> And I agree with you like if you don't have enough budget wait until you do to test properly. But what is enough budget? I mean, if you have really uh low budget, I think it still is going to make sense if you have organic going on to even invest 200 $200 or euro into your account and look what the data says because if it's horrible, but also there's also there's also a different conversation that we need to have. It's a bit complex when you really have low budget and you just at ground zero because tracking also is a pain, you know, setting up the correct tracking. I work with um with a guy called Yuri. He is like very good at attribution. I'm not super correct at that. I want to give him a shout out because he's helped me a lot. He his website is monetized that.app and he's he's very good at tracking and everything. And if you set up tracking initiately, you need to you're going to um you need some purchases coming in. So the whole system is starting to work. So this is a problem that I see a lot of bootstrap people doing is they set up tracking and they launch and after one day they they see zero conversions and they burn $200 and they turn off the ads and then they never touch it again because they think they burnt money. However, the data comes in with a delay. there is a delay and especially when initially launching for the very first time you're going to need to like the there's a handshake happening between like Apple and matter or Apple and uh Tik Tok and this handshake needs to happen a few time of the data being transferred so it's going to be visual in the dashboard so often like bootstrap fun launch ads they they think they set up tracking um they set up tracking actually correctly and they think it's wrong just because the data is not there after a day or two it's just going to take a few days for this warm up period and until Tik Tok says, "Okay, the data that you show me here, >> yeah, >> is valid. So now I'm going to present it to you in our dashboard." They just don't want to show false data. So they need there's a validate period. >> Mhm. So this is great. So this gives a bit of an understanding of what that looks like. On the other hand, I want to ask you if you're a founder doing paid and you're already doing paid profitably, let's say, what's the value of doing organic if any? Um, for sure there's organic because for sure there is value because you can make, you know, get more growth, get more money in doing organic. You don't really, I think it's the same if you are profitable on ads and you're not doing organic or if you're profitable on organic and you're not doing ads, you don't really gain a lot of not trying. At least if you don't want to lose focus and you're super successful on on organic, maybe keep pushing there. But if you have bandwidth of experimenting and you have an infrastructure that is systemized and you can afford of spending 30% of your energy into a new test do it like what what would you >> I agree. So so you think they go like hand in hand. >> Yeah they are they they are cousins they are brothers they are like you know >> why though what what is one affecting the other? Because if you have like the it's not going to make or break the success of the other realistically. But if you have a video that has um half a million likes and 50,000 positive comments, you can imagine that the social proof is going to increase the performance. If the video is not um if I had creatives that had this and they were not working, um it's not going to make or break the success of the creative. Like just because there's a lot of comments and likes doesn't mean that it's going to work if it's a bad video for paid. But if it's a video that could work on paid and you have a giant amount of social proof of people saying that's a good idea. I want this good indication. >> It's it's going to Yeah. And it's also going to increase the performance because just the like >> the social proof alone. >> The social proof alone. Yeah. Like when I when I doom scroll and I see a video with 10 likes, I normally skip it. Like it's rare that I look at it just because I don't think my time is worth looking at this. And again, like if it's a act if it's actually a good hook and it's visually appealing video, I still going to watch it if it has 10 likes, but most of the time, you know, you're a bit more skeptical. And this social proof is just going to help get the performance going, but it's not a day and night difference realistically. >> Yeah. Yeah, I agree. I think they go hand in hand. And I think it's um as far as performance goes, you always have to test. There's no like strict answer >> but >> I am yet to see cases where complementing either organic with paid or paid with organic does not result in better performance >> 100%. It is true like the best creatives I the the creative I scaled the most was a video that went viral organically first. >> How much you scale it? >> Uh I don't remember the exact number. >> You posted some stuff. I was like, bro, >> I don't remember the exact number, but over 100 million views, >> man. There is creatives that you can find in the in the ad library. They have hundreds of millions of views. You know, imagine now you have a creative that is going viral and you make 5 million views. You can 10x the reach by running it on ads and probably will also 10x the revenue. Yeah. Yeah. >> There's from the from um one of the biggest ones is from the what what was the app before kei? My fitness pal. >> My fitness pal. I remember there's uh I don't even know how much but it's way over 100 million views. >> Yeah, I think I I saw like a video with like I don't remember 300 million views from them. There's this Chinese app that they scaled in December like crazy. It's a video editing app. I forgot the name. It's like copy or something like that. And they had multiple videos with over 100 million views that they launched in December and scaled in December to over 100 million views, multiple of them. So that's crazy. And it was US targeting. You can see in the ad, you can go in the ad library. That's also if you want to do market research, very good. There's two, it's like a little a little inside there are two ad libraries. One that you enter from the for Tik Tok from the normal browser and then there's one that you enter from the ad library. So you go on the Tik Tok ad library into I think it's asset and then inspiration or something like this and then you can click on see more and then there's a different ad library than the one that you would enter from the browser and there you can see like uh very clearly the views that they have and then you can go and launch last 30 days United States apps and you're going to have a bunch of amazing content where you can immediately see the the views 100 million views 50 million views and I think it's important to look at them not only like to know what is going on in the space, but also to remind yourself how far you can go. You know, I love to see this videos with 500 million views on ads because it just reminds you that it's possible. There is there are apps out there, they're spending like a $100,000 a day on ads. So, if you're spending $1,000 and you think, can I really scale to $5,000? You know, there's someone else spending $100,000 a day. >> I met someone who's has a day job and very hardworking in their day job. >> And they have they do apps kind of for fun. This guy is spending7,000 a day on ads. >> Why? He has a day job. >> No. Yeah, that's still to be figured out. But I think it's it's like what it's is just insane. Like there's people out there that are doing something different. And I think it's there's a lot to be said about this. >> Um pairing channels that are similar to each other. Fundamentally ads organic. What you're doing is you're competing for attention. on one you're bidding on the other one you're competing just on on the for you page and fundamentally it's the same thing. >> Yeah. So, like obviously there's nuance and there's all this, but if they're so similar, why wouldn't you find a way to make them work together? This is my purpose, my my thesis. >> I I agree. I agree. Because you are the hardest part is to make a good creative right. >> Exactly. >> That it's not hard to post it on TikTok and neither is it hard to upload it into the ads manager. The hardest work is getting the creative right. And if you get the creative right, you might as well >> do both. I think a lot of people also get stuck in the tactical side of, oh, but I don't know how to run ads and I don't know how to do my campaign setup. And what would you say? >> I feel like it's, you know, it's it's like going to the gym a bit. You know, you can go to the gym for one day and teach like a trainer can show you in one day how to do it correctly. You just need to do it over and over again to get actually good at it. But the biggest difference is not going to be to be good at it or not. It's going to be to repetitively show up. You know, if you keep showing up, if you keep trying to run ads, you're going to eventually hit it. You know, it's you're going to get big if you go to the gym. Even if you make the exercise wrong, your muscle is going to grow. Maybe you're going to hurt yourself because you, you know, did something wrong. Maybe you're going to lose money. Like, you're not going to tear your muscle, but you're going to burn money. But this is going to be painful and the pain is going to be a valuable lesson eventually, right? That's why I said it took me 14 months to get this to get this right. So, everybody can do it. It's not magic to to run ads. You just need to have good creative and then dude there. It's so simple. You know, there's a lot of videos that you can see on how to set up a a campaign structure. Like anybody that can develop an app is is is probably smarter than the average media buyer because the process is a bit harder. So, you don't make rocket science out of it. >> Yeah. Mark, um I wanted to say just to finalize, I want to say thank you. It's been great to talk to you. I think from last time we talked I at least Yeah. from both of our sides. I think there's so much that has happened on organic, on paid, on the algorithm, you know, everywhere. But I yeah, I appreciate you speaking to me and coming here today. I think it's been great. It's been insightful. I I want to give you the chance. Is there anything you'd want to say to finalize any message you'd like to leave? Anything you'd like to promote? You feel free. >> Okay. Use the space as an ad space. >> Okay. the the sponsor of the video. >> Uh follow me on Twitter, Mugo Scales. If you want to if you have some questions, I'm down to help for free. Everybody that is starting, just send me a DM. I answer everything. And if you want to really scale, hit me up. I would love to, you know, just be a consultant on some big projects. I I tweeted uh I would like to my big goal like my dream would be to be included in a campaign that makes a million dollar in 30 days. That would be like really cool. So if you have budget and you want to scale and you need some consulting, hit me up. Um I'm I'm focusing right. I'm like a boutique, very boutique now. So I have two campaigns that I'm working on and I want to focus on them. However, if you if you have budgets, let me know. I'm down, you know. >> Yeah. Nice. Nice. And I will leave your socials below as well. >> So yeah, Mark, appreciate you, bro. >> Of course, man. It was a pleasure. Thank you. >> Always, man. Okay. >> Take care. Mess.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aniketpriyadarshi2801 [6 likes]: This has criminally low views!!

- Grow App Se Paisa Withdrawal Kaise Kare 2026 ||Groww App Se Paise Kaise Nikale: Kind: captions Language: en So friends, welcome to our YouTube channel Technical Hub. So friends, in today's video we are going to talk about how you can withdraw your money from the Go app. For this, first of all you have to open the Go app. After this you have to click on the profile icon here. After this you have to click on balance once here. Now you will see a withdrawal option at the bottom. You have to click on this. Now here you have to enter the amount which you are going to withdraw from your account. After this you have to click on the withdrawal option here. Now you will see an interface like this. Now here you have to enter the M pin of Go app. As soon as you enter M Pinin, your amount will be withdrawn from your account and you will see an interface like this. So friends, in this way you can withdraw your payment from your Go App demat account. So friends, if you liked the video then do not forget to subscribe to our channel, like and share the video.

- Full App Growth Guide 2026 - How to Make Viral Content to Get Users & Make Your App Retentive: Kind: captions Language: en What if you could build an app so retentive it was stickier than Tik Tok itself? Onap Flame has 50% day30 retention. And Tik Tok, which is arguably one of the most addictive apps to ever come out, is only at 40%. >> We were able to increase our day 30 retention from 4.2% to roughly 30% and then all the way up to 50% by doing this. Tik Tok barely touches roughly 40% on day 30. >> But unlike most stories, it wasn't always this way. His first version had a dismal 0.8% 30-day retention. >> Joseph, you know, how much was the day 30 retention on this product? Zero 0.8%. >> So, he went back to the drawing board, studied habit formation, and reverse engineered what makes people come back. And what he built was a retention machine with a carrot and stick approach, widgets, and notifications that pulled users back in every day. But with a killer product and no money left, he had to figure out distribution or the company would die. We decided to monetize because we didn't have any money left brother because we raised a small round in 23. We were running out of money at the end of the year. We were like we need to monetize or we won't survive. >> So he dedicated himself to one thing mastering Tik Tok. >> I realized what I had to do was I had to go into Tik Tok. Tik Tok was going to be a savior. What I did is for 2 months I dedicated myself to scrolling Tik Tok for 4 hours every day. >> And unlike 99% of people, he didn't just doom scroll all day. >> I started collecting these little babies. What I can tell you is as compared to a bigger iPhone, scrolling on a smaller iPhone takes a lot more work. It takes a lot more effort. >> He built a system and developed the VSC framework, his method for finding content that is viral, scalable, and convertible. >> If you go to the comments, if people are not asking what is the app, what is the product, where can I get this, etc., then it is not content that converts. Then it's content that's getting views. Then it's content that's going viral, but it's not content that can convert. He created 10-page playbooks with winning scripts and master prompts, feeding them to AI to generate hundreds of videos a day across multiple accounts. And he built the product itself to be visually appealing on Tik Tok with every animation and loader designed to be eye-catching. >> Your product should be built for Tik Tok. What I mean by that is if you look at the flows on this product, if you look at the way it's positioned, like even the loader that comes in this little AI animation, we built it so it would appear visually pleasing on Tik Tok. This system generated 50 million views and 150,000 users 100% organically. And in this episode, Anne breaks down his entire playbook from how he built a retention machine that's stickier than Tik Tok to the VSSC framework for finding content that actually converts and how he uses AI and a systematic approach to dominate organic Tik Tok. This is a masterass in building something people love and systematically getting it in front of millions. Let's get into it. This is the Superwall podcast and I'm Joseph Choy, founder of Consumer Club. The members in the consumer club discord and the founders I interview on the pod build apps at a median of 1 million ARR. A lot of these apps that make the most money run AB tests on their payw walls to make more revenue with the same number of users. Superwall has a lot of data on the thousands of apps that use their payw walls. So recently they put together a free AI tool trained on 422 profitable paywall experiments. It lets you upload a screenshot of your own payw wall and gives you an experiment idea to increase your revenue. You can use it for free at paywallexperiments.com. Also, if you're building a mobile app doing at least 100K a month in revenue, Superwall hosts dinners in San Francisco and New York. They keep each gathering small, thoughtful, genuinely useful for everyone. If you meet this criteria of 100K a month in revenue and want an invite, apply using the type form in the description. Let's get into the pod. So you got 150k users. You have this huge organic machine with tons of account types and formats and everything. But I actually want to start with just your story in general cuz I think it's pretty unique and interesting. You can just tell me like how you got into entrepreneurship and startups and stuff. But even before that, >> let me begin the chapter with my first move, right? That's where it all started. So I was really young, man. I didn't know what to do next. I was thinking, you know, this is back when I was in India. I grew up there and I was like, where do I move next? what do I do? And I had the choice of moving all the way to the west. I could try and do a master's program somewhere in the west or I could move to China. I was like, why the f not, you know, let's try this. So I decided to move to China back in 2013. I had no idea. I didn't speak the language. I couldn't move around the country. I didn't know about the food. I was just thrown in there and I landed there and I was like, "Okay, what is happening now?" Like I took this move, but I have no idea what's going on. But learned the language, finished my degree there and then I opened my first business there in China. Can you guess, Joseph, what the business was? >> Something to do with fitness. >> Of course. Of course, man. It was uh we were the first 24-hour gym in Beijing. Uh so we opened in Ping and then we spread across to a couple of other cities across China. Seven locations. Had no idea how to, you know, I couldn't speak Chinese at that point. I learned by talking with the people who I was working with, communicating with them, understanding what was going on. Uh so I carried on with this. That was my first business. Scaled that to seven locations. We did 15 million R&B in revenue and uh I made a lot of mistakes. I made a lot of mistakes. I was really young then man. I didn't have a complete idea. So things did work out well. But I also made a lot of mistakes along the way. Learned a lot of lessons. And I decided to take all that learning and move to Europe actually. So I moved to Europe. I worked for Jono, German scaleup back in Berlin. I took them from a series B to a series C. And it was interesting for me because in that chapter I switched from being an entrepreneur to working for someone else. It was in a high growth startup but I also learned a lot along the way and I figured out that even though I enjoyed the structure that came with the scaling, I wanted to get back into building something of my own. Now that was back in 22nd 23 starting. I moved to the US. I launched Flame. I raised money for Flame in that year. And this was my first tech product I was building. I didn't have a complete idea regarding tech, how it operated. I didn't even know what coding languages were at that point, Joseph. So, I went to a friend's house of mine who was a developer. I was like, I want to build this app. And they said, okay, but do you have the UIU UX? I said, what is that? I just want an app to the screen that looks like this. They said, okay, but do you know what language are you going to build it in? Is it a web app? Is it a mobile app? I said, I just want to build an app. How complicated can it be? So I learned a lot through that entire process. Made a lot of failures again as well and we successfully scaled flame to a certain level. I can say we were one of the first ones in the couple's market. Right now there are a lot of players out there. Candle couple joy paired has been there in the market since a long time. But when back when we entered this was a new domain and there were not a lot of people in there. Also u this will be interesting for you. the first AI ever launched for relationships which is basically a wraparound chart GPT but it was us. We launched back in December 2022 and it was called Flame AI. It was a website we blew up. We were on LA Times. We were on Techrunch couple of other places as well. Yeah. We were just the guys who were doing AI for relationships. >> Gotcha. You're building Flame now. How did you get the idea initially for a coup's app? I could tell you a story where I struggled with a breakup and I realized that I need to do this for couples but it wasn't anything like this. I wanted to get back into building. I looked at the market and dating relationship is something that is integrally tied to who we are as humans. Looking at the dating market I realized it's really crowded. There was Tinder, there was Bumble, there was Hinge, there were so many other apps which came out every day. But there was nothing at that time for the after part after you got into a relationship after you had a partner after you started you know being with someone. So we decided to build something for the after. We wanted to build something for when people were in a relationship, when they were with each other, when they were facing struggles together. And that is how Flame was conceptualized. Tell you a little fun story about it. We launched the initial version of Flame and it was a date planning app. So it didn't have any of these questions, any of these elements. It was just a app to help couples plan dates together. We released with quite a bang. It was October 2022. We got featured on Techrunch as a startup Battlefield company. We were invited to San Francisco. Uh things were going crazy, bro. We launched in 1 month. We grew 800% organically. I I had no idea about TikTok then. No idea about anything else. So, we were just growing organically really rapidly. And then we were hit by a lawsuit. Like we got a seasonless desist letter right into my inbox. I wake up in November, things are going really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] well. And then there's this letter that lands in telling us, "Hey, you got to pull the app down." uh it was a trademark and brand infringement letter which said that because we were using the name sparks and there was another player in the dating market which has reg which had registered the name spark network that's why we couldn't use the name and they you know we had no choice either we could fight it and lose a lot of money doing that or just change the name so we decided to be a bit more pragmatic about it talked with a few lawyers and realized that hey it doesn't make sense for us to do so we pulled the product down we renamed it the spark evolved into a flame and evolved into a French flame because that was the letter that was not copyrighted. So, exactly. That was the first launch we did ever. >> So, then Okay. Yeah. So, you're building Sparks. It was just for like helping people plan dates if they're already, you know, if like you're already in a relationship. And then you pivoted the the name and the and the actual app functionality as well. >> Yes. Because Joseph, you know how much was the day 13 retention on this product? Zero 0.8%. >> Because people like plan one date and then they don't come back. There's no like recurring thing. >> I think there was a combination. One was that the date planning was not completely built. So we put it out as an MVP, but it wasn't enough to bring people back. Also, it was a tool similar to let's say similar to Airbnb, right? where you book an event, but you don't do it unless you need to go for the next event. So, you would book a place to stay, but unless you're traveling next time, you won't come back on it. And being in the consumer social space, we we really found it hard to raise money with 0.8% retention on day 30. So, we pulled the app down. We rebranded it as Flame. And then we also realized something. We talked with a lot of couples and we tried to ideulate what was that one thing they would do every day. What was that one thing they would repeat on a regular basis? This was also coupled with the times chat GPT came out. So it was December 2022 when it was released and we decided to leverage this opportunity to build an AI first product which was Flame AI. >> So Chad GPT came out you said like late 2022 and then you immediately hopped on the kind of like GPT rapper wave and then how did that go? At first >> retention went up from 0.8 to 4.2. >> Okay. So that's day you said that's that was day 30 >> retention day 30 and u we had to do another pivot man just to be very honest with you this flame this AI rapper was enough to get us in the media get us published like you see we had another article in techrunch February 14th Valentine's Day we came out as the AI product for relationships we also featured on LA Times or a lot of other places but we realized that it wasn't working like even though we could get media presence even though the retention went up to from 0.8 8 to 4.2 it was still dismal and we realized we had to do something else. What we did is this product had AI as its main feature but along with that we also launched something called the daily question where we would give couples a daily prompt they could answer together. Now I know it's really common right now and almost every other app does it but back in that time we were one of the few like I think paired was the only one apart from us which was doing it. We realized that people were coming back not for the AI coach but for that daily question feature. They were coming for a daily way to connect with their partner. And we took that nugget we extracted it from the product and we made it the main stay in the product. We put it right on the homepage and big we were like hey daily discovery question this is the main thing we want you to come back for. Now what I did regarding retention is I studied the work of a Stanford professor called BJ Fog. He works a lot in habit formation and we realized that every retention event needed to be tied with a trigger. It needed to have something which was a daily habit to call people back on a regular basis and it needed to have a carrot and a stick approach. What was the carrot and the sick approach in this case? In the morning if you would answer or not answer your daily question when it was live, you would get a carrot notification reminding you, hey, come back, answer your question, take care of it. And as the day passed, if you did not answer your daily question, we would send a stick notification reminding you that, hey, it's time for you to answer the daily question. You're going to lose your street. Your partner is going to be sad. Your partner is going to be missing out. Um, and it worked really well for us. And we were able to increase our day 30 retention from 4.2% to roughly 30% and then all the way up to 50% by doing this. 50%. That is a pretty big number. But can you put that into context for some other consumer apps? That means basically 50% of the users will still be there on the 30th day that they open the app from the time that they downloaded the app. So is that good or bad? Like how how good is that? Because spoiler alert, it's actually an insane number. But I want to Can you give some context to it? >> Yeah. So we studied a couple of other big social apps to understand what her retention was looking like. If I remember correctly, X has a 30-day retention of 30%. Don't, you know, not exactly sure about the numbers right now, but I know it was in this range. Instagram is at 35%, Tik Tok barely touches roughly 40% on day 30. And uh so we knew we were doing something right when we touched those numbers. It took us a lot of pivoting, lot of anchoring the product, a lot of working on the main feature to unlock this. And if I'm not wrong, we invested roughly around 8 months to get to this point. So it took us eight months and continuous iteration on the product. I did one big mistake though, Joseph, in this which you'll agree with. I focus on the product too much. I didn't focus on the distribution enough. So what happened is we were in the end of 2023. We had a product with insane retention working really well, but we were almost out of money. We're almost out of money. We had raised a bit of money before and we were running out of it. we had no other way to find out. So we then decided to monetize the product instead of going and raising more money. So this was a completely free product in that entire span of time and we hadn't put monetization in the product which was another one of the mistakes I made. As I mentioned I made a lot of mistakes with flame as well which I figured out along the way. We put in monetization in the product. We barely made it out of running out of money at that point end of 23 and we bought the product back to life. So the carrot and stick uh framework that you talk about for retention, you use that to bring your retention from one to four to 50% day 30 retention and which was like higher than popular social media apps like Tik Tok and Instagram at the time. And how the heck do you make an app more retentive than Tik Tok? So the stick was like you send a notification to warn the user that their streak is about to expire. So there's sort of like the fear of loss. You have this a streak built up and you don't want to lose it. So that was the stick. And then what was the carrot? Was it just the streak itself or are there other like features that you put in? >> I don't think actually it was that directly. I think it was what it was linked to. Now that is a big advantage we got. You losing the streak was not linked to you losing the streak. It was linked to you making your partner sad. >> Mhm. >> Do you see the difference? you doing something to get a carrot was not you getting a carrot, it was your partner being happy. And I think this is where we got a big advantage because this was an emotional product. This was linked with not only what you did, but also what your partner did. Right? You'll hear of these incidences where people go above and beyond to make sure their partner is happy. This was kind of similar. They didn't want to make the partner sad. They wanted to make the partner happy. So they would make sure they would come back on the product, answer the question so the partner would remain happy and they wouldn't end up missing it in the end of the day because they didn't want to make their partner sad. >> Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Is there anything you did in the product that created those emotional stakes? >> One of the things we used at that point was the missing out effect where if you did not answer the question, you could not see your partner's answer as well. So it kind of created the situation where you really wanted to discover what their answer was and if they answered you would want to answer but if you answer they want to answer as well. So it would create this loop which would carry over to increasing the retention. Apart from that we figured out notification was one of the best tools. One thing we discovered too late which helped also is widgets. I think one of the big advantages you have in a mobile app as compared to a web app is you can place a widget on the home screen and that widget is a easy way to call the user back every single time. One of the apps which did this really well was Couplejoy. I think Couplejoy was one of the first ones which put a widget on the lock screen and that is what their social media strategy was based around as well. So we found that what they uncovered worked really well. We incorporated it after they did and most of the other players did as well. But these were the three things I would say were the top ones. Yes, exactly. So here as you can see on the app itself, they've got a distance widget which shows the distance between the partners. Now, this is really, really, really valuable when you're in a long-distance relationship because you want to understand how far are you from your partner, how close can you get, also the amount of days you have together. It makes you feel more attached to your partner even though you're not there with them. Really strong incentives to pull the person back on the product and to remind them that the product exists, right? Because, as you know, Joseph, our mobile screens are full of products right now, and it's really hard to stand out as a product. Notifications help, but almost every other app sends you notification nowadays. So, how do you stand out from that? By using widgets like this, by using strategies like this. >> The widget is also just a lot bigger than the other apps. Like, there's so many other apps on the screen and then you get a widget and it's like >> kind of big like it just stands out and then you can dynamically >> send content and like send updates to it so that it shows something. >> It just it's just like that thing, right? It's right there in your face. It's showing you like every time you open your phone screen, you see this massive widget saying something about your partner or saying something about the product itself and you want to come to it. You're intrigued. You want to go in there. You want to see what's happening. >> That's really good. >> Actually, I'll tell you a part which might be helpful to other consumer founders as well linked with the retention. >> We had really high retention, but we did not have enough numbers to convince investors. That's one of the reasons we had to monetize the product as well. End of 23 because even though the retention numbers were really good, we got into meetings with tier one investors, talked with general capital, say 16Z, SEOA, you can name all the big shots. We had to talk with all of them. But the numbers were not big enough. The baseline numbers were not big enough to convince them because we did not unlock distribution. We did not invest enough time into it. So any consumer founder who's going to go out there to raise I would recommend you to invest a good amount of time into distribution before you try and go and talk with investors. The way the pitch deck worked is they would look at the retention numbers. They would get on the call with us and then they would ask us how are you distributing the product and we wouldn't have an answer and I would try to I would try to work up some sort of saying that yeah we'll we'll look at talking to influencers or we'll do this that but they knew they knew I was bluffing. So a tip to any consumer founder who wants to go out there, make sure your product is solid, but also make sure you have unlocked distribution. They will ask you about it. They will drill into it and if you can't answer, then usually you don't have a second conversation. >> So you decided to monetize because it would add a little bit more proof point to hey this app is worth investing in. >> We decided to monetize because we didn't have any money left, brother. >> Yeah. Okay. So you're bootstrapping. You're basically bootstrapping. >> Yeah. Yeah. because we raised a raised a survive. We were not able to raise more money because as I mentioned once we raised the initial small round to raise a bigger round we needed to get more conviction on the product and the distribution. We had product conviction. We did not have distribution conviction. So we monetized because we had to >> And then did that work out? How how much were you able to monetize? It was a struggle. So I started monetization and initially in the first month we had a surplus of users build up. We monetized and we had a 15% conversion rate. So I was like wow this is incredible man. A 15% conversion to pay for every user who's coming onto the product. We have incredible product market fit regarding monetization as well. Let's try to scale. What I didn't realize is how to calculate that conversion to pay. I calculated that as anyone who is paying for the product. It could be new subscribers. It could be old renewals as well. So let's say the this sum in total was a thousand. And I would divide that by the total amount of users who were coming on right now. Now the the tricky part with this is if you're getting someone who has been on the app for a couple of months who's renewing their membership, but you count them in this cohort, then it's not really conversion of the new users. It's just con like who the total amount of users who are paying for your product. >> Gotcha. Okay. So you have this like crazy retention machine more retentive than Tik Tok but you want to you need to grow it. So how do you grow this app? >> So once I realized that uh we did make enough money to survive barely the question came back to the same thing I mentioned before distribution. We had to unlock distribution or we would not be able to carry on. We would not be able to survive. We sludged through 2024 Joseph. It was a hard year for the company. It was more so because we didn't understand what direction we should be going for. We were a very small team, right? We were three or four people. We were focusing on unlocking monetization, understanding how can we convert the retentive users to paying for a product right now. At the same time, a part of the team was figuring out distribution. At the same time, you know, I was still trying to talk with investors. Uh I even had a round with A6Z speedrun. I love their team. So even had a round with them. I talked with the team as well. And at the midpoint through 2024, I realized that we need to stop everything else we're doing. No monetization, no talking with the investors because the talks were ending with me having the first two rounds of calls, one round of call and ending up with no term sheet in my hands. I realized the only thing I need to do as a founder, the one and the only thing is go and learn how to distribute. That is when I I don't know if you remember this. This is a dejàu moment, but that is when you started consumer club. You >> remember on Discord? >> I do remember. Yeah, I remember you came in and you were like, "We have this insanely retentive app. We're just trying to learn how to do distribution." >> Yeah, man. I had no idea. So, I'm so thankful for your community because I learned so much through that, man. Like, I I remember I came in there and I just saw people saying that Tik Tok list that, yada yada. I was like, what are you guys talking about? I have no idea. I I talked with so many members of the club. I tried to communicate with them on a regular basis. I learned I would say, you know, my zero to one in distribution was because of what you set up there. It was because of the community you set up. So, thank you for that. >> I appreciate that. That's awesome. >> Yeah, I remember that time. So, yeah, we we I realized what I had to do was I had to go into Tik Tok. Tik Tok was going to be a savior. Tik Tok was going to be the reason we would be able to save the product. I went into Tik Tok and I learned how the algorithm works. Now, I am an Instagram guy man. I I lived my whole life on Instagram. I started using that when I was young. We used to have Orcut and MySpace. Then it came out to Facebook. Then it came to Instagram and I've been on Instagram ever since then. What I did is for two months I dedicated myself to scrolling Tik Tok for 4 hours every day. I just had no idea how Tik Tok works, right? I had to look through every single piece of content. I had to understand how it works. I had to understand, you know, why was what we were putting out, why was it working, why was it not working? So I spent four hours every single day for two months on Tik Tok to understand how Tik Tok worked, what was the language used there, what was the kind of content there, you know, what were the hooks, why were people getting more traction, why were people getting less traction, why were we getting less traction? And once I understood this, once we started unlocking views for our own single account, I realized I had to multiply this if we had to make this work for the business. What I mean by multiplying this is we had to take what was happening on one account and we had to multiply it across accounts. I'm not talking two. I'm not talking three. I'm saying couple of dozen accounts had to be set up. Couple of dozen accounts had to be aligned for this to work. Tik Tok was a volume game for us at that point. We were not creative geniuses. I won't even call us creative geniuses right now. We right now know how to really well take a format that's working for someone else, multiply that into our own format and how to scale it from there. But we don't invent formats right now. Once I realized this, I started looking into and I went back again to the consumer community you set up. I went back to it. I started looking at how do you set up multiple accounts? How do you set up multiple phones? How do you push out content to the US FIP from outside the US and this was on the learning curve like the amount of accounts we had banned the amount of accounts that had no views coming even though we were putting out the right content we had the right hooks. We had everything calculated. We were trying to do it in the right manner. And then I realized that it's Tik Tok farming is another layer of learning I will have to go through. What I did is you know I went back to the founder community. I talked with some of my friends and I started collecting these little babies. These uh you see these these nice little babies. I started collecting iPhones man. I became an iPhone collector. So the biggest amount of iPhones we have is iPhone 8. And this is not even all the iPhones we have. My team right now has 10 iPhones lying with them, each of the iPhones has three to four accounts on it. >> Um, what I can tell you is as compared to a bigger iPhone, scrolling on a smaller iPhone takes a lot more work. It takes a lot more effort. And even the like, let me show you something fun. All of the iPhones were even numbered. So, I don't know if you can see this, but all of them have a number behind it. iPhone 1, iPhone 2, iPhone 3, iPhone 4, iPhone 5. Yeah. So, we started doing this, man. Setting up iPhones, you know, numbering them. Even like literally every day I would get to work, I would take out the iPhones from my bag, be like, "Hey, what happened with iPhone 1? What is happening with iPhone 2? What is 3 4 9 10 11." Uh it was a it was a fun but uh long process and we finally figured out the first part of the process was figuring out how can we push traffic to USF without getting banned. How can we set up all these iPhones? And it was a whole process. It's you know Joseph, it's not only about downloading the Tik Tok app on your phone and setting it up right. It starts from setting up the entire iPhone. Like setting up the entire iPhone from scratch. You have to reset the entire iPhone. You have to make sure there are no fingerprints left on the iPhone. Then the Apple ID. One thing we learned along the way. One of the shortcuts I took is we paid for a IP provider, which is a client which allows us to link up different proxies. I paid for it and I thought I would be clever. I would use the same Apple ID to log into every phone. So I could download the client for free. I won't have to pay for it again and again. It cost us a week of our work time. That is 40 hours for three people, 120 hours. Why? Because we realized once we did that that Tik Tok has a way of fingerprinting Apple IDs. And when you do that across multiple phones, it connects all these Apple IDs and the accounts link with them under one device. So it doesn't matter if you had a different IP, doesn't matter if you had a different setup on a different phone because we use the same Apple ID, all of these accounts were connected and one account getting flagged led to the other accounts being impacted as well. >> Interesting. So you're you're simulating a brand new person setting up a brand new iPhone. So you're kind of like factory resetting. Make sure you don't have the fingerprints. New Apple ID for each phone. You have a proxy as well for each phone to have it in different locations. >> Yes. Once we had all this set up, then we were ready to download Tik Tok. Now this was the second part of the learning. When we're downloading Tik Tok, when we putting it in play, how do we realize that Tik Tok is going to work on these devices? How do we realize that it's not going to get flagged? One thing we came across was and this would be useful for other founders as well. I share a lot of this stuff on X as well where I put out articles on how do I be doing this Tik Tok farming, how is it working, how did we scale to 50 million plus views on Tik Tok. Now this is one of the accounts we've got here. This is actually one of the safest accounts. The reason is because it was created before we knew anything about Tik Tok farming. This was created natively. You know, one thing about this account, Joseph, this doesn't push traffic to the US because this account was created in Europe and we figured that relocating the account to the US actually ends up costing us a lot. >> Now, we have accounts like this. We have roughly 20 to 30 accounts for flame running. The there's one reason I don't put the accounts out on X because when I share on X, I share a lot about what we are doing without naming the accounts specifically. We also do not name the accounts with the name flame because X even though it's lovely, one thing I realize on Tik Tok is if there's a format which is working which you put out there, if everyone starts doing the same format, then it doesn't work anymore. >> Yeah. >> And that's why when I put out content on X, I'm quite happy to help people out with what is working, what is going on. But I'm very private in sharing out what exact account are we putting it out on. So yeah, while we're putting out content on Tik Tok, we realized a lot around how do we exactly put out content, how does it get enough amount of views. Now, one thing we learned while putting out content on X or Tik Tok is that if you have under 300 views, then there's an issue with your account. Either the content is getting shadow flagged or your account is banned and your account isn't private to that happening. If it is under 300 views, then it's not a content problem you have, then it's an account problem you have. Then you have done something wrong with the setup. You're not pushing it out in the right manner. You need to ideate on it further. You need to move on it further. If you're getting over 300 views but under thousand views then it's something to do with your content. Then you need to iterate more on your content. Then you need to hone down deeper into it. Then you need to figure out try different formats, try different hooks, try different things which are working in the content. If you get between 1 to 5,000 views, then what we do is we continue with that same format, same type while changing the copy slightly until it hits the right marker until we end up crossing 100k views with that format type. >> So is that basically how you so you have a video here that's 340,000 views. Did this start as a format that got, you know, two to 5,000 views and then you kind of iterated on it? >> This was when we were employing the meme playbook and we were trying to do that. We're putting out memes of different kind and trying out what's going to happen. And by putting out the memes, we realized that there were ways we can curate the meme to make sure people increase the watch time on the memes. And this is how we got to these amount of views on this video. Uh it was one of the early successes we had when we were trying out this entire Tik Tok farming strategy. And uh one thing we learned from this and all the other viral videos we had is that the part that helps the most is the total watch time. If you can increase the total watch time in your videos, Tik Tok favors that content a lot more as compared to the initial 3se secondond hook. The 3-second hook is important, but what's really important is the initial watch time. If you can increase that watch time, then you can increase the views on your video. >> That makes sense. And another aspect of like couples apps or like couples content on social media is it gets a lot of shares I feel like is because you you like send it to your significant other. So are you when you're making content are you were you aiming for shares? Also >> what we optimized for always was depending on the kind of content we optimize on whether they would like the content whether they would save the content whether they would share the content. Now if anything featured the app directly we wanted them to like the content. Why? Because liking showed that they resonated with the content. You can have a content with high views, but if people don't like it, it means they're not resonating with it. Think about it. What what is the most native thing you do when you come across something and you enjoy it, you would like that thing. If you resonate with it, that's a natural impulse we have. If people did not like the content, then the chance of them converting to app download was quite low. Even though we might get a lot of views. So we have some of the accounts in which we got a million plus views but the content did not get a lot of likes like the engagement percentage rate was quite low on that. Once we discovered that we optimized on the light part we tried to figure out what kind of content would get higher like ratio and then another thing we discovered when we were putting out slideshows was the slideshows that worked the best were the ones which got high shares. >> So if your slideshow was getting a high share ratio and save ratio it was working really well. Why? Because we employed the strategy of putting out questions and we found that if people enjoyed the questions instead of only apart from liking they would also share it with their partner they would also save this to use later. >> I gotcha. So for for the regular meme formats you just want you want people to like it and for the questions you want it to be sharable which which kind of like replicates the action that is in the app too like you're sharing this question with your partner. That makes sense. So in these slideshows uh format you you would say five uncomfortable but healthy questions to ask your partner and then on each slide you just have like five sample questions that are from the app and you have a watermark flame the couple's app right there. Um do you have a good idea of how well the slides convert versus the memes? >> Memes and slide both of them are on the very low conversion ratio. So anywhere from 0.05% 05% to roughly 0.2%. This is the conversion you can expect. The videos where we had a reaction with a clip of the app followed after was better converting roughly 0.3 to 0.5%. And then the videos we had where we showed the app in use where the app was the main thing had 0.5 to 1% conversion rate. So this video right here would be a reaction >> and then the app demo. >> Yeah, >> these ones always come somewhere around you 0.2 to 0.5 and then would you have here's another reaction one. So was there some kind of formula for for writing the hooks to this because I feel like the the actual demo is pretty straightforward. is just you know showing the features of the app but then the first two 3 seconds seems like it's the hardest part to figure out how to make that engaging >> we are operational people we are not creative people so what I did is what you would do to operationalize the entire thing I created playbooks playbook would have three big parts playbook is this PDF document which my team would feed into AI and get an output what the playbook would have was three parts and the first part would be around the section A would be product and brand context. It would define the product name, category, what is it in human terms, core features etc. Then the second part would be winning script references where we would put every single winning script we could find. We would put it as a context reference that hey um these are formats which have worked in this category. This is what we want you to take from them. Do not repeat them. Section C would be the master prompt where we broke down a system role. You are a viral Tik Tok question slideshow copy engine for a couple slap call flame. Your role is to do this. This is the context. This is the output requirement. And that is how we discovered a winners. We would keep slamming the playbook until we would have something that resonates and then we would dig down deeper into it. >> You give AI winning scripts. That seems like almost the most important part. If you just said, oh, write make us like viral Tik Toks or make us um viral slideshows with good questions. It's not going to generate stuff based on good curated data. So, what data did you actually put in there? Would you just scroll TikTok and find good examples of like viral videos? >> If you look at this link, if you look at the playbook, this is exactly what I sent over to the team. And section A is details regarding the product. Hey, what is working in the product? You know, what is the product about? You would define also the target audience, what are the features, psychological, etc. Then the second part would be the winning scripts where you you would take content that's worked for you before or worked for someone else before in the same category. You would take the content and we would drop it in here. All of the content types you could find regarding hey what is working in this format, what to avoid and then all of the formats entered. Now once we would do this as you can see this is a collection of all of the slideshows that worked for us that were performing well. uh then you would come to the core part and this is also scripts regarding what questions worked for us, what questions were good. So we went went quite into detail in this playbook man. Uh playbooks are easily 10 pages long which I'm sharing with the team. >> Wow. Wow. Script three. Okay. And then it gives the exact slides and then a visual suggestion plus the text >> um quote >> outlining each slide. So you gave it basically Yeah. you you give it three different scripts and then like 10 different visual example five to 10 like visual examples >> and then there's the section C which is also crucial if you keep going down you'll find it now this is the master prompt this is now how I exactly break down what the structure of the output should be how should it be aligned you know this this takes me a lot of work to create but it pays back because I don't have to every day have a new idea have a new conceptualization we let AI do all the work what happens is if something works out Joseph then we add it to the prompt and we create a new playbook. This is the process we have every single time. The way the structure works is the team has this they generate something they put it out there we track the performance on day two in one of my Excel sheets. Now I put a lot of those Excel sheets on on X as well and I'm famous for the colorful ugly Excel sheets on X. So we put out the stuff on the Excel sheets. We analyze them every single day. We see what's working. If something works, we add it back to the playbook and then we use it to generate again and again and again and again. That's that's really important because you have a you have like a flywheel now where AI I feel like a big mistake that people do with AI generated content is just not changing their system prompt and or like the master prompt and just generating stuff based on old data because if you're if you continuously use that one prompt and you go back to your cloud project and say okay here's a new topic make a tweet about this or make a Tik Tok about this it's going to be good for like a week or a couple weeks and then you know after a while you're you're starting to put out this the same type of content all the time and it just becomes um exhausted. So you have to >> exactly >> feed in new data continuously. That is where we have this really ugly Excel sheet which we I love which people have made so many comments on hey you should use this tool you should do this that but we keep putting out content on the same Excel sheet and I'll tell you the reason why Joseph it forces us to look at every piece of content every single day if you use something that tracks all your views for you become lazy you stop looking at the content you stop seeing what is happening in the content what we do every day is we track every single piece of content we track the account status we track if it's online. We track what is the content type going out on it. We track what are the notes regarding it. How many times a day is it going out? And we do this every day. Every single day. Every morning I have a meeting with the team for 1 hour. We keep it trading. Keep it trading. Keep it trading. Can we figure it out? Accounts going offline. Doesn't matter. Account is unhealthy. Doesn't matter. Try to bring it back. Doesn't work out. Doesn't come back. Okay, dish the account. Let's start with a new account right now. Let's start the whole process all over again. Put a lot of work behind setting up the system. >> Wow, this is crazy. And look here. Here's the iPhone 1, iPhone 2, come down to iPhone 11. Yeah. Wow. This is insane. So, then you have a few categories here. There's like the content type it looks like and then notes on, you know, what kind of thing it is, how many times per day you're posting it, and then would you track like how many views >> on the right side like which is not present here. We would be tracking it would be a daily tracker basically on daily basis. How many views are we getting? How many likes are we getting? And then you track if something gets higher views. Why is it getting those high views? What is happening on that front? >> And there's like softwares that track this kind of stuff. But you're saying that it's worth it to do it manually because you're actually paying attention to every single stat because you have to write every single stat down. And that kind of gets you into the just into the flow state of knowing more of the art of it and like figuring out why did this actually do well or why didn't this do well. I think tools are really good when you're doing UGC because you can't go into huge piece of content, analyze the retention chart, see where people are dropping off, how many, what total watch time did this video get. But when you're putting out your own content, the best way, I think that's the golden gem you have, right? That you can actually dig into the content, analyze it, see what is happening, say where people are falling off. And you stop doing that if you're using a tool. You stop doing that if you're using something that's automatically tracking the views. You don't need to go into each account. You don't need to track what's happening. You don't need to see why things are working. You pick the top accounts and you see why things are working, right? But as you realize, Joseph, the the cream lies in realizing why something is not working rather than in realizing why is it working because when something doesn't work, you get to learn so much about what are you doing wrong and not repeat the same failures again. >> Yeah, that makes sense. And yeah, all of these all of these insights are going right back into the master prompt and the AI is now like generating better and better outputs. Um, it looks like you have like a nano banana image prompts too, which is cool. >> Um, that's like, yeah, one of the newer models. And you're doing like hyperrealistic vertical images, and that's probably good for like slideshows. >> Exactly. And we tried playing with a lot of models. We realized Nano Banana Pro was the best at generating realistic lifelike images for us. And we also realized that we could standardize the whole process to get the output from GPT regarding what kind of image should we generate and the prompt to generate that image as well. >> Is there anything you do in prompting that you feel is different from other people that you've seen? >> Two things I would say. One is the initial prompt we set in place. We try to give it as much context as we can. I know people who go to it and say that you know I want to put out a slideshow for Tik Tok. Help me generate something. That is really shallow. I think AI is this tool which works really well. The more you give it, the better context it has, the better it knows what is winning, the better it's able to give you something that wins as well. This is the first thing we do. Well, we provide a lot of context initially like to create each of this playbook. It takes me one working day. It takes me a whole day to put up this entire playbook. I have to collect the right formats. I have to collect the right screenshots. I have to make sure that they align with whatever product is. I have to make sure that I create the master form to firstly give an output that has the potential to go viral but also give an output for what we need which means it should have the title slide it should have these categories it should have an anobanana prompt as well once I do all of this then I put that into AI and then I test the prompt to see what is the output coming out if it comes out well then I pass it on to the team if it doesn't come out well then I go all over the process again this is one of the key steps which is setting it right in the first go the second thing which a lot of people ignore is iterating on it right because this is like us as well we have new information that comes in every single day we have new data points we have new way to improve on what we are doing but for your AI playbook is the same it needs to improve as well it needs to become better and it can only do it if you tell it what to do better if you expect it to get better by itself it doesn't happen as I told you as a second part of the process as well we feed it data back on what's working well we keep iterating on this playbook again and again and telling Hey, this works well. This doesn't work well. You know, it's like a cursor MD file for coding, but this is for Tik Tok. It's like a Tik Tok MD file you create. >> Yeah, that's crazy. One like random specific question. When you're iterating on the master prompt and you want to put in some new insight, do you use GPT or Claude to help create a new adjusted prompt or do you manually put in new context into the prompt? I do it manually because one thing I realized is that once we have the initial prompt structure laid out, it's more about me coming in and filling the gaps. I've tried doing that with AI but there are times when AI hallucinates or it fills some things which I don't want it to fill and I have to go over recursive or process of making it correct that path again in this manner. I know that we have something that's working really well. We keep that and I just keep adding on top of it or removing the parts that are not working. >> Mhm. So it's like it's like you know AI bakes this entire cake for us and then I come in and put the cherry in the right place or make sure the decoration is aligned well or the happy birthday sign is in the right manner. >> Mhm. Yeah. Okay. That's interesting. When you reach out to creators and you're about to invest into organic social and maybe boosting those videos with paid ads, you don't want to just let the creators do whatever they want. Most of the app founders I talked to on this channel basically have the same content philosophy. The videos need to go viral but also convert and promote an app and ideally are like also repeatable. And those formats are like gems and really hard to find. That's why Tik Tok can sometimes feel like a lottery system. So what a lot of consumer club members do is they use this tool called spy talk which brain rot scrolls hundreds of thousands of Tik Toks and just finds the most viral ones that promote apps. So here I search for fitness, gym, workouts. Let's say you like run a fitness app. I'm going to sort by most viral. And here's this 106x outlier video that promotes a fitness app. And it shows a text hook. It shows the image in the background. And then on the second slide, it has this CTA in a really creative way. And Spy Talk has been the secret weapon for growth strategy for 11 Labs and Ammo and Voodoo, which is the app studio that owns Bereal. So I recommend Spy Talk. It really is the only other tool I explicitly recommend on this channel other than Superwall. So, was this one of the first Tik Tok accounts that went well and then you started basically replicating these formats across all these all the different phones and accounts? >> This was the OG Tik Tok account on which we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up so much. Like I had to pull out some of the content on it because we were just we just terrible at it. >> we made this account back two years ago and we had no idea what we were putting out, man. We're just launching random things on this account, trying out this, trying out that, seeing what works, what doesn't work. Uh so this account had a lot of crap on it and a lot of it is not available right now on the account but this was the account where we realized that hey this is something we can actually replicate we can push forward to other accounts as well and we started doing it from here. >> So overall you got 50 million views across all the accounts. >> Yeah across all the accounts across all of the content we put out. We managed to scale them to 50 million views with one caveat. It took me in the later part of those views to realize that certain kind of content performed better, certain kind of content did not for conversions. So I look at it from the BSC framework whenever we are picking out something. Wii is virality. I'll actually share this with you as well. So I put out something on X regarding how do we exactly find content. >> So we follow the VSC framework in which Vi is for virality. Something that can go viral. How we find this out? By picking content that has gone viral on accounts with less than 5,000 followers. Like we have a very structured approach for this. And if there's a piece of content that has gone viral on accounts with less than 5,000 followers and the content has got over 100,000 views, then we understand this content can go viral. Then what we try to see is is it trending right now? Is it present across other accounts as well? If it is, then it bears this check. Second part is scalability. Now this is something a lot of people ignore, but it's really important when you're doing Tik Tok farming at scale. If you cannot scale the content, if you can just have one hit, then it doesn't work for your product. You need to have content you can recreate yourself at scale and do it consistently to push it across five 10 accounts at the same time, multiple times a day. If you can't do that, man, if you have this brilliant video of you speaking and elaborating on something, but you have to manually record it every single time, it doesn't work. So find something that you can scale. Right now, what I would recommend everyone to check is we have a lot of AI tools available which allow you to do that. We use Sora quite extensively. We used the influencer.ai. We also use nano banana as I showed you. We use nano banana pro. We tried putting out videos with VO but they always got flagged for AI content. So we always found struggle with VO when we putting out content. And then the final part which took me too late to discover but which is the most important is the C part which is the convertability. Now this is the most important. If you go to the comments, if people are not asking what is the app, what is the product, where can I get this etc. then it is not content that converts. Then it's content that's getting views. Then it's content that's going viral, but it's not content that can convert. You need something that converts. You need something that's going to force people to try to find the product. They want to use the product. They're desperate for the product, right? They really want the product to be there. And this is the VSC framework we now utilize in pushing out anything. For me, with the 50 million views we came across, we struggled with the C part. Cart is something we didn't focus at at all. I'll tell you one of the things, right? the meme video you see, I would never put that out right now. Never. Even though it got views, it crossed over 300,000 views, I would never put that video out right now because I realized that that format doesn't convert. It's a lot of the work you're putting in from our side for a format that is not converting. >> Yeah, that that's a really interesting insight. And you and you said that the memes converted the lowest and then the slides would convert the next and then the hook reaction would be the next and then straight up like product video would be the highest converting. >> Exactly. >> Did you have anyam examples of that on this account or is it basically just showing the app straight up? >> Yeah, I'll show you one of the parts that working that we experimenting with right now. We've just started putting out this format. One of the format we know is going to lead to high conversion when we unlock it is this kind of video. If you can open any one of the first videos which is directly showing the product in play. >> So this is one of the we just begin experiments on this content. You can see the date is like one or two day old. So we're beginning the experiments on this content where we I'll tell you how we pick it. We go to Reddit. We locate screenshots where people are like, "Hey, what do I reply to this? What do I say? I have no idea what to respond." We take those screenshots. We put that into our own product. We generate a reply and we show the product in action here using that reply. >> And this this is for a new app, right? >> And this is for the new product. So, we have just begun the experiments on this. But I know that if we manage to unlock this format, then this is going to convert really well. I would place it anywhere from zero to 0.5 to 1%. because you're just straight up demoing the product as the main point of the whole video. >> And one of the things I also learned I was watching I I this is also from the consumer club. So thank you Joseph in the end you know I said most of my early successes or early learnings we've got actually the zero to one of Tik Tok learning has been because of the club you put up. >> Now that's awesome. >> One of the things we also learned is that your product should be built for Tik Tok. What I mean by that is if you look at the flows on this product, if you look at the way it's positioned, like even the loader that comes in, this Tok. This is another lesson we learned that similar to what Cali did, right, as well. They built the product so it would be easily able to spread across social media. It has this little scanning feature which works really well. We use the same approach and we built the product. This is actually designed by my partner Laurian who's also my my wife Tubi. So she designed the entire product with a French touch and we built it so it would appear visually appealing on Tik Tok. >> Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, this animation itself is just is very very eye-catching. >> And we spent so much time on that animation. >> Yeah. And then I like how obvious the home screen is. It's like decoder, >> replier, opener, and it's and everything's like really easy to understand. Yeah, this is interesting. It seems like this this type of content it doesn't need to get as many views and yeah like for it to get more downloads the you know >> five to 1% seems that'd be a lot of downloads even if you had had only a thousand views and you got 10 downloads for 1,000 views that's like it's actually a lot. >> I mean also we're putting out let's say between the content types we put out 200 pieces of content a day. So 10 downloads per content 200 pieces that's 2,000 downloads a week. If nothing goes viral that's 2,000 a week. Now, one of the things I also realized is that views can be an ego metric, right? Because I wanted to get views early. I thought there was a cool thing to do as a consumer founder. I realized that views don't matter if your product if your videos don't convert. And for the video to convert, it needs to show the product in action as blatantly as it can. Also, one more note. I don't know on on X, I've been receiving a lot of requests to collect all my all my Tik Tok farming learnings together, release a farming playbook. So, I'm doing that. That's the next thing I'm working on. I'm launching it for the X community. I'm putting out a farming playbook of all the lessons I learned from farming. How to set up your account, how to target the USF IP, how to choose the right proxy, how to, you know, set up the Tik Tok correctly so it doesn't get flagged, etc., etc. So, that'll be cool. I'm I'm going to drop it this weekend or the week after. >> Okay, nice. Yeah, by the time we edit this episode, it'll probably be out. So, >> yeah, >> uh follows XAI on Twitter and you'll find it. Yeah, >> that's spelled. Yes. Yes. >> That's great. Yeah. The Tik Tok farming playbook. I love that >> cuz there's so many of those little things that you wouldn't expect that cost you, >> you know, weeks and months of learning. And yeah, that sounds very helpful. There's just so many like random things with the proxies and setting up phones and stuff. >> Yeah. And then when you combine that with the VSC framework that makes >> that kind of pulls it all together because you want to find you want to apply these like Tik Tok logistics and Tik Tok farming tactics to something that actually you know content that actually goes viral that actually converts and is also scalable or repeatable. >> I can uh I can share something with you on that. This is initial part of the document but in this I basically curated together what the structure is going to be. Now it's a comprehensive playbook. The amount of messages I receive every time I put out an expost. I have 50 people asking me, hey, how did this work? How did that work? How does that go through? So I said, okay, I'm going to compile all of the things I've learned together. As you'll notice on the left side, we've got the part one. We've got the foundations. Then how do you set up the hardware part, hardware and infra is really important. What is the network and geo control? What is the account creation SOP warm-up system content systems which has the VSC framework which you mentioned then content life cycle posting distribution which is part eight account health fail status recovery system in place go and scaling and team and operations like how do you manage to scale this with a team in place it's a lot of work building this is a lot of work but I know that it's going to help a lot of people out who have been coming into my inbox always ask me hey how do I manage this that and the thing is Joseph it's the same series questions they ask. It's around the same cities and I want to make sure that they have it available. Also, I'll be putting my ugly Google sheet template into this so they can use the same ugly Google sheet template. >> I love this so much. I feel like um yeah, a year ago when you joined Consumer Club, none of this was really in a playbook yet. Like nobody really knew. Everyone just kind of had ideas of how to do things and you know, some stuff was working, some stuff wasn't working. And now the space I feel like has evolved. so much and people that are like just getting into, you know, viral consumer apps, like the the playbooks are kind of like out there now. Um, but it is still a little bit confusing cuz like even though a bunch of people >> have made it work, there's still a lot of different opinions on like organic social and this seems like super helpful. So, last question to wrap this up. I yeah >> I'm curious if you have any mental model or approach to asking people for help because it seems like you use the community really really effectively and you learn so much and people were so willing to help out. But I'm sure there was also some part where you are like people just want to help you out for some reason. Like is there something that you you do to just make like r people up? Like what what's going on? >> R people up. There we go. Two things I always do. I always start with a small ask. So, I'm not going to try and get Joseph on a three-hour call and then initial get go be like, "Hey, bro. I love the work you're doing. You want to come on a three-hour call with me?" No. I will ask you for something small and I'll build up that trust because this is, you know, ma'am, in your inbox, the amount of inbounds you must be getting, the amount of people who need your help, who want your help, who you want to help out as well, but you have limited time right now. If everyone comes in, it's like, "Joseph, can you get on a one-hour call with me? can you help me out with this thing? It's overwhelming. It's really hard to do. Also, it's really hard for you to filter out who's genuine, who's not. Then the second thing I do which is really important which a lot of people miss out is give something back. Don't just go in with the ask. A lot of people just go in saying that hey I want want want. They never want to give anything and that is why they don't receive anything as well. When you want something please give something as well. It doesn't matter if you need it right now or not. Joseph, right? I went in I told everyone this is what we achieved regarding retention on a product. This is something I can share with you. These are the learnings I have. I would always offer doesn't mean that they would take that learning right now but they appreciated the part where I try to put something back give something back and people tell me often that hey because I also mentor for an MBA program. I have 10 plus founders I'm working with right now. People always ask me that hey how do I ask for help right? No one is going to help me or no one wants to give help back or I don't have anything to offer them. I tell them it's not true. One of the things I did early in my career, man, when I came off the gym business, I had no idea in tech. You know what I offered people, Joseph? I offered them personal training advice. >> I was like, I ran a chain of gyms. I understood a lot about how the body works, how to work on this method. I was a bodybuilder in the past. One thing I can help you with, maybe not on the tech side, but I can help you with your own health, own fitness. >> So, always there's something or the other you can give back. >> That's really good advice. I think that's something that people don't think about a lot. just I think people might have heard like oh give first but like if you're joining a discord community or you're on Twitter or you're like meeting people in person like not a lot of people just give first like that. I remember like the first day you joined the discord and you were just like hey guys here's like our our retention is like really amazing and here's like a few principles that are you know how we how we actually achieve that feel free to DM me uh if you have any more you know I can I'm happy to help other people and a bunch of people would DM you and like talk like ask you about retention but then those people were like people that are really good at organic Tik Tok >> so then naturally you just kind of got all the learnings and you don't have to reply to all those people that ask you about retention, but some of them are going to be like really useful to you as well. So, I think just that like give first mentality like helped so much. That's awesome advice. And >> thanks for telling your story, too. This is just really good to to hear the complete thing end to end. I I I think we've talked a couple of times, but I haven't like heard the whole thing end to end. So, really cool to hear the journey. Thanks again for being with >> Yes, sir. It's time for the gym now. I'm going to head to the gym and do a bit of working out. >> Yeah. Um, but yeah, this is amazing. Let me know if you need something else, brother. >> apart from this as well. If I can just help with anything, you know, I'm here. >> Yeah. Awesome. Something you might not know, most of the founders I cover on this podcast are hanging out right now in the Consumer Club Discord sharing with each other what's working now for consumer apps. So, you can apply to join Consumer Club if that sounds interesting to you. And this is the Superwwell podcast. Of course, you got to check out superwall.com. We have more videos on the channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrTobi4 [5 likes]: Appreciate you An, thank you for sharing man. What goes around comes around!!
  2. @thejian8539 [5 likes]: Is there a place where you can get the playbook from this gentleman (An?)?
  3. @JoshuaKempton-z4j [5 likes]: so insightful, amazing video
  4. @ishratfariya960 [4 likes]: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  5. @iansidman [4 likes]: Wow, what a unique strategy. I'd love to know how much it converted, cuz its so different. 150k users doesn't always mean he made a lot of money. In January, I pulled 30m-scale viral "meme content" for the app I work on, and it only got us ~3,000 paying users. Our "tutorials," on the other hand, converted much better, and to generalize from my perspective, he made an army of low-view tutorials. I'm just so curious abt the audience that's reaching and if they actually pay.
  6. @aiarsenalactivators [4 likes]: Unbelievable the generosity of the both of you sharing information and really empowering people. I’m just so pumped.
  7. @ilovemorrisons [4 likes]: How are they automating posting across 10 devices x 4 accounts per device?
  8. @bedzonee [3 likes]: 50% is acc crazy
  9. @Medhyaherbals [3 likes]: Thank you both ❤ Learnt so much from this video 🙏
  10. @KillScreenCS2 [1 likes]: Great video, I’ve been working on an app for a long time and I’ll keep this information going forward. Thank you guys!
  11. @david1399 [1 likes]: 🔥
  12. @red.rocket [1 likes]: It seems proxy for IPs or using VPNs doesn't work regarding account fingerprinting. Shadowban for sure in these cases.
  13. @arbaazjameel6107 [1 likes]: but on sensortower this app revenue is like less than 5k and also the downloads
  14. @ilovemorrisons [1 likes]: Does anyone have experience with Metricool for posting/scheduling across lots of accounts?
  15. @imaddon-e2o [1 likes]: he's saying 50m views and got no downloads on sensor tower!! i don't understand
  16. @ChipSun-u4h: That strategy won’t last
  17. @rogmz3512: what is USFIP?
  18. @gauravsbuilding: So kinda like Aftermark AI's content
  19. @Olumide_Gbenro: We do the TT phone farms for ecomm businesses. If any app founders want to try this feel free to reach out. @ olumide_gbenro
  20. @nima3220: The flamme app is not even good...

- Trading Kaise Kare In Hindi | Intraday Trading kaise kare | trading kaise sikhe | Trading: Kind: captions Language: en Well friends, today I will teach you how to do trading. But first of all you people have to understand that brother, what is trading? So you people buy any thing at a low price and when its price increases, you sell it. This is called your trading. Let's assume you bought something for Rs 100. Now when its price increased to Rs 150. Then you sold it. So you made a profit of ₹50 which you made through trading. Now when we do online trading, you get many options in the market. Where you can do trading. First of all, you can trade in the Indian stock market. Where many companies are listed on NSE and BSE exchanges. You select any one company and after analyzing it, you find that yes brother, this company is doing well and you buy its shares. That means you people buy shares. Let's assume you bought a share for ₹100. Now the company is moving ahead, growing, so the share price also keeps increasing. Let's assume it becomes 150. Then you sold it and you made a profit of ₹50 which you made by trading in the Indian stock market. Secondly, you can do Forex trading. Where you people buy foreign currency. For example, suppose you had purchased $1 in the previous year, the price at that time was ₹85. But today friends, on the current date the price of $1 has become ₹94. That means friends, ₹9 has been increased. You would have earned a profit of ₹9. Thirdly, you can do crypto trading where you buy digital currency. There are many popular coins like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana. Many new coins also come. Your price is low in the beginning. You buy it. Like friends, the demand for the coin increases, the price increases, then you sell it and you get profit. Friends, today I will teach you how to trade in the Indian stock market. Now there are many types of trading also. One is your intra trading, there is delivery trading , there is option trading. In this live video, I am going to explain all these three trading to you step by step in simple language and will demonstrate it live. So watch the complete video. I will tell you a lot of things. Like our candlestick pattern, what is a red candle? What is a green candle ? How do we do technical analysis ? How do we understand this? This is our option chain chart, how to understand it, we will tell you everything in this video. Just watch it completely, friend. But friends, if you are new to the channel then please subscribe because in future also I will keep giving you knowledge about trading absolutely free of cost. So please subscribe brother. Let's start the video. Now that we have decided that we want to trade in the Indian stock market. So first of all you people will have to understand when our Indian stock market opens and when it closes. So our Indian stock market opens at 9:15 am in the morning and closes at 3:30 PM in the afternoon. During this time, traders are able to trade and the rest of the time our market remains closed and our market remains closed even on Saturday and Sunday. Now you have to understand where will we do the trading? So you get many brokers in the market in which you open your trading account. That means you people open your demat account. You keep your funds on it and use the funds for trading. Now whenever you feel like it, you can transfer whatever funds you have in your demat account to your bank. Now you find many brokers in the market. Like your Enjal is 1, Gro is, Zerodha is. Let's talk about which is the best? Where friends, your annual charge is deducted. If you open your demat account anywhere. So who is affected the least? Secondly, when you take a trade, your brokerage is charged on every trade. So, who does it look the least on? Friends, I like the one with Angel. Personally, I use this. I am giving you its link in the description box. By clicking on it, you can open your demat account inside it. If you do n't understand then I have also given you the link of a video in the description box. From which you can learn how to open a demat account in jail one. Now as soon as you open your demat account, after that you have to open your jail one application. So here you people will get such an interface. Now look, we are in the stock section where you can see Nifi on Market Today. This means that the top 50 companies in India come under NIFI and here you are seeing this point of Nifty 2587, friends, this is a reference point of 50 companies. This shows how the 50 companies are doing all over. So here you will see that 0.05% is currently going down because it is in minus. So in this way you people get to know the condition of the market. Rest of the friends, Sensex means that the top 30 companies coming in India have become Sensex. Friends, the top 12 banking sector companies in India come under Bank Nifty. And look, we call this indices. Nifty is our index. Sensex is our index. Bank Nifty is our index. Well, there are many other indices here. As you guys can see. Now guys, if you come down a little here, you will see Top Movers, click on View All. Friends, look here, I am selected on gainers and selected on large cap. That means friends, here you can see who is making profit on the biggest companies. You can see and here you will see what is the price of a share and what percentage return it is giving here. Ok ? Similarly, you can see it completely here. Rest, if we select mid cap then you can see which of the companies in the middle is making gains. In small cap, that is, in small companies, friends, you will see who is making gains in them. Well, if you people select the losers here then who is making losses in big companies? Who is making losses on mid cap? Who is losing money on small caps ? In this way, you can get complete knowledge here by applying filters. Now let's come back here. Now let's assume guys that you know about a company. And you feel that you will invest in that company, that is, you will buy its shares. If the company grows, the share price will increase and you will benefit. So simply you will get this search button here. Click on this and search that company here. For example, suppose I searched Adani here and you can see that I got to see all the stocks of Adani available here. Now let's click on this. So here you will see what is the price of one share here ? 141 and here below you will see how much percentage of return it is giving. So right now it is in minus. So in this way you can get an overview. All you have to do here is click on the search button. Whatever company, like here there is Tata company, then search Tata. You will be able to see all the stocks of Tata here. Now, there is another option here to search. Click on the back button. First of all the guys will come up here. Look, it's nifty here. India's top 50 companies come under this. So we will click on this. Now friends, let's move on to stocks here. So you guys will be able to see which companies are there and here on the side you will also get to see the share price and the returns. Is it giving returns? Now suppose I want to buy shares of HDFC Bank. That means you have to invest in it. So look here, HDFC Bank is visible, tap on it. I will swipe up. This way it will open completely. In the overview, you will be able to see at what price our market opened. When it went high, how high did the share price go? If it was taken, how much was taken? At what price did the market close previously? Now friends, below that you will see quantity and buy price. You are getting a lot of prices. There is no need to get confused in this. It is very simple. Like look at buy price, this is the price, this is the price , this is the price. It's just showing this. I am giving you an overview of what quantity people are ready to buy at which price segment. As you can see, people are buying in such quantity at this price. People are buying in such quantity at this price segment. So this shows you and also shows you the quantity of sales. You can see this is the sale price. The red that is visible in this. What quantity are people selling in this price segment? This way you get to see the overview. Now friends, here you also get to see the average traded price, that is, at what average price people are trading here, that is, whether they are buying or selling. The rest of the volume is also shown to you. Volume means how many people are buying and selling. Rest of the friends, you also get to see the data of 52 weeks that how much did the price of this share fall as per 52 weeks ? So 812 was gone. If it went high then how much did it go? So brother 1020 had gone. You guys also get to see LCL and UCL. This means lower limit upper limit. Look, the meaning of lower limit is that 885 is the lower limit. Meaning, if the price of this share, which is currently running at 981, falls, then how much will it fall? So it will go up to 885 and will not go beyond that. Rest of the friends, if it goes high then how much will it go ? 1082 will go. We call this the upper limit. The price of this head will go up that much and will not go any higher than that. So you guys get the complete overview here. Rest of the friends, if you write in this way then you also get to see this chart that what is the graph going on here within one week. what is the graph within one month? What is the graph within one week ? Look, within one week it is going down completely. You can see this as per one day, here the bit is giving you green signal. Rest of the friends, if you click on technical then here you get to see many indicators. There is RSI, there is MFI, there is MSCD. So this will be a little detailed. We will talk about this further. The rest will be done by clicking on derivatives. So in this way you will get an overview here. And here you will get to see the fundamentals that what is PE ratio? What is the price to book ratio? What is PE ratio? What is ROE? So in this way you can get complete analysis here. Now let's click on the Overview button again. Now you have a complete overview. So in this way you have to understand any stock very well that yes brother, it will be profitable for you to invest or not. After understanding, friends, here you will see a buy button. You can just buy shares from here. Now friends, you will see that there is a sale button here also. So you guys can also do sales in the beginning. It is not necessary that you have bought it first only then you will be able to sell it. Friends, you will also be able to sell. But you will be able to do this only on intraday. If you want to invest for the long term, then you will buy here first. After that, when you feel that you are profitable then you can sell. Like now we will explain it to you people in detail. As if I have to accept that I have to say goodbye. Clicked on the buy button. Now see, here you people are getting the option of delivery and you are getting intraday option. Now what is this delivery? Friends, delivery means that you bought it today and friends, you can sell these futures anytime. Like today I have bought it and after that I am thinking of selling it after 2 years when I will be profitable and when it will give me good returns. So this is investment, you have invested. You bought a stake in a smaller company. Now friends, you get to see an intraday that you bought it today and you will have to sell it today itself. If you do not sell, the sale will happen automatically before the market closes. So this is our delivery and intraday. But what is the difference friends? If you guys assume that it is in delivery, then I will write here that I want to buy one share. Ok? So here you guys will see how much I am looking ? Margin required seems to be 986. Ok? Now friends, we will buy one share intraday. So look here, how much does it cost? It looks like 197. So how did it decrease? So friends, in intraday you get to see a margin of 5x. That means you get leverage. But friends, I will explain to you how there is harm and benefit in this. For example, let's assume that the price of a company was ₹100. Ok? Friends, how much did you buy it intraday? For ₹20. Now friends, what happened was that the company made a profit. Its share price increased to ₹110. So friends, if you had bought it for ₹20 then your money became ₹30. That means you got a profit of 50%. But friends, the company incurs losses. Let us assume that the share price becomes 90. So friends, if you had bought it for Rs 20 then your money will directly become Rs 10. That means there will be a loss of 50%. So this is intraday friends. Within this, people are able to make profits here. Now let us assume that I have to buy on intraday only and I have to buy five shares. So here you can see how much margin I am applying here. Now after that you have to buy at the market price or you have to put a limit. What does limit mean ? Right now the price is 980 brother. But I want to do it after it reduces to 970. So I can place my order by clicking on Place by Order here. When this price of mine matches that of our share, then it will automatically be executed here. But friends, if this price does not match then my buy will not happen. So what will we do? We buy at market price only. And friends, here you have to click on Place by Order. And here you will get the confirm button. You have to click on this. Friends, it will be visible here that our purchase has arrived here. Now friends, here you can see whether you are getting any benefit. Are you suffering losses? As you can see, it is going into plus. So in this way, now you also get the feature of placing stop loss here. Now friends, it is possible that you have taken a trade here. You went on a trip after that. Then you see after opening it now friend I went to loss. So you get the feature. You just tap on it. You will get the option of stop loss. Click on it. Now friends, the price here is currently 980. But you want that brother, if its price becomes 970 then it should be automatically sold here. I will not bear much loss. So you guys can place the order. Rest of the friends, you also get the option of target that currently the price here is 980. When I want it to become 990 then my automatic sale should happen here. So in this way you will click on Place Sale Order. Please confirm that your order has been placed. Friends, whenever your order matches, your sale will automatically take place here. Let's click on positions. Can you see now whether we are making profit or loss here? This definitely depends on your market. Now let us assume that we have to exit i.e. sell. We have bought it here. So you people are getting the Exit at Market button. Click on this. Click on confirm. Friends, you can see here that it has been executed. We took exit here. That means we have made the sale. And friends, your charge is deducted on every trade. How much is deducted? Brother, ₹20 is deducted. Meaning friends, let's assume that you made a profit of ₹10 and you took exit, then brother, your charge of ₹20 will be deducted. Still you people will be in loss. You should not exit until you make a profit of ₹20 more. Now friends, I have explained to you how you should do intra trading. Which method should you use for delivery trading? Now I am going to teach this to you guys. Which way should you do option trading? Friends, please listen to this carefully. Because the more you guys watch these reels, you get a lot of such influencers who trade in the Indian stock market and show you that they did so much in one day, they did so much, they show a lot of it, so what do those people do, friends, they also do option trading because if you guys trade on intraday and delivery, then how much will a company 's share increase in a day, whether it increases by ₹1, ₹2 or decreases by ₹1, ₹2, then there will be no profit or loss here, but friends, in option trading you get a lot of volatility, that is, friends, your graph is below, you bought it, if it goes above that, then you will sell it at the right time, you will get profit, but if you do not sell at the right time. If your graph goes down rapidly then you people also suffer losses rapidly. So, where your market remains volatile, you get quick profits and also quick losses, which happens in options trading. So what do we do in options trading? Here we do not buy shares of any company. Here we buy premium. What is premium? You people buy contracts about what is going to happen in the future. Like you have a market. It has a price. You thought the price would go up now. So you bought a premium where the value of that premium increased as the market price increased. When the price increased, you sold and made a profit. But now friends, did you not feel that the market price will fall now, so you people buy such a premium where when the market price falls, the price of that premium increases. When the price increases, you sell and you make a profit. Now see, I explained it to you people theory wise. If we do some practical work and demonstrate it live, then you people will understand it more. Now look, you can do option trading on stocks. You can do it on Indices. Like we have Nifty 50 , Bank Nifty, Sensex. We will show you how to do it within Nifty 50 because here you have to pay less margin and there is less fluctuation also. So it is perfect for beginners. So friends, let us click here on Nifty 50. Now friends, you have to come to the home page here. Here you will get the option by doing FNO. You have to click on this. So here you will see Nifty, Sussex, Bank Nifty. So you guys trade on indices. As I told you, here you do not buy shares of any company. So all the beginners here trade within Nifty. Do options trading. So we will click on Nifty on that. Then friends, you will get such an interface. You will get the option here by making a chart. You have to click on this. Now friends, here you will see that this is a green candle. This is a red candle. What does it mean? So first of all let me tell you, look, in this way you have to make it smaller or bigger. This zoom, zoom out and this left and right. You can do it this way. Look friends, whenever your green candle is formed, it means that the market price is going up, that is, the price of Nifty is increasing and when friends, it shows a red candle, it means that the market price is going down, it is falling, so in this way there is a green candle and a red candle, now here you people understand that brother, look here, the market price was here and it fell, it went down in this way, so we call it down trend or bearish, okay, we use two words, down trend or bearish, friends, here we will see that the market was here just now and it went up in this way, so we call it up trend and we call it bullish. Ok? Bullish means the market is going up. Bearish means the market is going down here. So in this way there are some words which I have told you. All this is the basic of trading. And let me tell you here, look, the market had just gone down a lot. So we call this support. How low did the market go? The one who goes at the bottom, we call him support here. Ok? And what went to the top is what we call resistance. So this is how we analyze. So you guys can see the graph here in this way, how high it went. So this will also become our resistance friends and if it has gone up then this will also become our resistance two. So you can do it here in this way. Now let me tell you here that this candle that is being formed is being formed in an interval of 1 minute. Now if we remove this and make it 5 minutes here, then we will be able to see how the market is moving in 5 minutes. Because the candle that will be formed now is being formed in an interval of 5 minutes. So you can check it in this way. If you do four hours here, then you will be able to fully understand how the market is moving overall here. Now you will see that your market is being developed in this manner here. So we call it moving sideways, the market is neither going up much nor going down much. Okay now friends, let us do this again here for 1 minute. Now here how will we know whether the market will go up or down. So a lot of things happen guys. Like you guys, we read this candle that is being formed and friends, we also do technical analysis. So we will teach you how to do technical analysis. There is an FX button, click on it. A lot of your technical analysis happens here. Like this is your relative strength index. We will click on this and click on the cross here. So here you will see that you are seeing a number 46. Understand what this means. Like let's say it was 30 right now. Ok? So this means it has been oversold. Meaning a lot has been sold. If it is bought now, the market will go up now. This is indicating to us. Now let's assume guys it is 70 right now. Ok? So it is overbought. Too much money has been spent. If it is sold now, the market will go down here. So this is an indicator. We will check this by applying it. Let's remove this. To remove, click on the delete button and remove one indicator. It will be removed. Click on FX and apply another indicator. So we will click on Moving Average Exponential and click on the cross here. Look, here you will see a blue line. So friends, whenever you see this blue line, it is above here and the price of Nifi is going down. This means that the market will go down. Friends, when the blue line is down and the market price is up, then it means that it is indicating that the market will go up, but right now it is indicating that the market is going to go down, and after that we remove it again, click on FX, and there are many more here, as I teach you, let's say Super Trend, click on it, click on the cross button, now see, here you will see two lines, one is your red line and the other is your green line. Look friends, whenever this red line is formed, it means that the market will go down and whenever the green line is formed, it means that the market can go up now. As you can see, when the red line was indicated here, the market really went down and when this green line was given here, the market really went up in this manner. So this is how the red line indicates the green line. Now look, there are many such indicators. A detailed video can be made regarding this. We won't go into much detail right now. Now let me teach you guys. Let's assume you have understood how to find out whether the market will go up or down. However, friends, nothing is confirmed. Only you guys can predict. Now friends, as per 1 minute, we are seeing that the market is going up. You can see a green candle being formed here. So brother, what should we do to get benefit? So friends, here you will simply get the option by chaining an option. You have to click on it. Ok? Now you people are getting such an interface here. So there is no need to get confused. It is very simple. First of all, look here you people are seeing this expiry. Ok? So friends, this is the option chain of expiry. Now different expiries are available by clicking on the arrow. As you guys can see. So first of all you people should understand that the prices that you are seeing here and the prices that you are seeing here, they decrease gradually. Ok ? Now you guys see here what is its price? 61 is going on. Ok ? Now we make its expiry here on 30th December. So friends, you will see that our price will increase. So guys, let's come back to the same position here. Yes sir. Come on guys, as you can see, its price here was 61. Here you have reached 106. So look here it has increased. So what did I tell you? Its price decreases. Why does it decrease? Let me explain this to you. 23 December Let's click back on expiry. Now friends, this decreases because as your expiry closes, as the date closes, the premium price that you are getting, friends, gradually decreases. This means that if you have purchased this premium and your expiry is nearing, then you will still incur a loss. So, you have to sell here first. This is what it means and whatever prices you see here, we call them premium. Ok? Is. As I told you, here you buy premium, so here you buy the price and as the market goes up and down, yours increases and decreases. That's why you can see that it is increasing and decreasing. Now friends, as I told you that the market is going up right now, so what should we do to get profit. So friends, if we buy this call option that you are seeing here, then we will get profit here. Friends, if the market had gone down, if we had bought put option here, we would have made profit. So this is how it is done friends. Now there are a lot of premium prices here. So brother, if we buy which one here, we will get benefit here. First of all you guys should understand that the price that you are seeing here right now, this is our ATM at the money ATM, right now you guys see the current price of Nifi is 255800, look above that, the price has decreased, look above that, it has decreased by 50, look above that, it has decreased by 50, it has decreased by 50, it has decreased by 50, so after achieving all this price, friends, it has reached here, so according to call option, friends, this is our ITM in the money, okay, and friends, let us show you guys here that this price is running right now, above that you guys will see that it has increased by 50, it has increased by 50, it has increased by 50, so this is our price going to achieve. So friends, according to this call option, it becomes OTM out of the money. But friends, according to put option, it is the opposite. According to put option, the one here is OTM i.e. out of the money and the one here friends is in the money. Got it? Now friends, why did I tell this? Because all the beginners, friends, they trade on OTM. Or friends, that is add the money, all the premiums that you are seeing around it, those people buy them here. So now you guys understand which one you have to buy here. Now let's assume that the market is open again, what will we do here ? Click on the chart button and see what the market is doing. So the market is going up brother. So here we have to buy call option. Look, the market has gone down this way. So I feel like Enough has gone up. It could go down now. So let's buy the put option. So I have clicked on option chain. Now in this way friends, only we nearby people say goodbye here. But friends, you will see that this is a bit expensive. Is 74. So I'm short on funds, so we'll go upstairs and buy 20. So understand? You guys can buy anyone here out of the money. But friends, if there is a shortage of margin here then we buy the one that is far away. But the one far away is not as much fun as the one near. Ok? Look, friends, we can buy in In the Money here, but in In the Money, friends, a lot of funds are required and your fluctuation is high, so the loss and profit happen quickly, so it is not right for beginners, so what will we do, let's say we buy the one whose premium price is 28 here, then we will tap on it here and friends, here we can see the buy button, we will buy it, but now you will see that there is a sell button here too, so friends, if you sell the put option, then the opposite happens. even if the market goes up, you make a profit by selling put options. Okay guys, let's say bye here. Now friends, here you get the carry forward button. That means you bought it today. If you are not profitable today, you can hold it tomorrow also. But as the expiry closes, the price of this premium also decreases. You have to keep this in mind also. Let's assume we have to pay intraday. Ok? And here if you buy in lots then you have to buy in 75 lots. For example, if you are buying even one lot, then friends, you can see how much margin is being charged here. You can see that our available margin is low, so we buy the lower one here. So let's come back brother. Come on guys, let's buy some of the ones that are far away here. Let us buy the one for Rs 11 here and click on the buy button here. And here we have to buy one lot here. We have been selected. So here you will see that our margin seems to be 973. And here also friends, you can set whether to buy at market price or to put a limit. Come on guys, let us buy here at the market price and confirm by clicking on Place Buy Order. Now guys, you will see that our order has been executed. We will click on the remaining positions. So here we will start seeing whether we are getting profit or loss. Okay, now as you can see, our 1 minute is going up here right now. So friends, look at us, we will start incurring losses here. As it goes down, we will start getting benefits in that way. Okay now guys, let's assume here that you guys don't have to suffer much loss. So you can place stop loss in this also. Tap on it. There is a stop loss button. Click on this. Like right now the premium price is ₹11. What I want here is that when this decreases to ₹8, my sale should happen automatically. And friends, you have to set targets. Target like ₹12 is running here right now. I want that when it increases to ₹15, my sale should happen automatically. You will confirm by clicking on Place Sale Order. The order has been placed. When it matches, ours will be executed. Friends, by clicking on the back button here we come back to the positions. Okay, as you can see friends, how much is happening here right now. So friends, I have done it after learning it here, that is why you can see that we are currently making profits here. So you people also have to learn and do it because you may suffer loss in this. So friends, you have a lot of volatility in options trading. So the price will increase and decrease rapidly. So you may suffer loss as well as profit. So you have to learn and do it. And friends, your charge is deducted here on every trade of ₹40. So friends, unless you are making a profit of more than ₹40, you should not take exit. Now whenever you want to exit, you will get the Exit at Market button. click on confirm. Friends, you have exited here. And you can see how much we have made here. So friends, in this way you have to do option trading here. I have explained it to you guys. And friends, here I can also see that I had bought the put option of Nifty of 25,500 on 23rd December. So once again let us click here on option chain. So I bought this one here for ₹25,500. As you guys can see. Ok? So as soon as the price of this premium increased, I would get profit, it would increase and then I would sell it. So this is what trading is all about. So friends, in this way you have to do option trading here. Now friends, if you have watched this video till here with full attention then I can say that brother, you have learnt trading. But this is not enough. You guys have a lot more to learn. I have to go to a slightly advanced level. So brother, keep subscribing to the channel. We will continue to teach you trading in such simple language in the future also. So subscribe to the channel. Rest of the friends, see you on such videos. Till then, keep watching to see Hrithik and bye bye family.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JaiTrilok [4 likes]: अब भारत के शेयर बाजार में ग्रीन एनर्जी green energy शेयरों में और इलेक्ट्रिक बाइक E Bike बनाने वाली कंपनी के शेयरो में तेजी आने वाली है मेड इन इंडिया चलने वाला है
  2. @Pavitradevi-d4n [1 likes]: Outstanding trick 🎉🎉
  3. @Asheesh-o5u1q: ❤❤
  4. @gitusinha-v7t: Sir starting se btaiye na mujhe zero knowledge hai treding ka
  5. @saniaKashyap042: Mujhe zero se sikhna hai
  6. @AmarKumar-d4t1o: आप बहुत बढ़िया ट्रेंडिंगसीखते हैं थैंक यू भैया😊
  7. @Aditya__Vilogs: Envest in USA 🎉
  8. @BabuTonde-v8x1n: I am treding upstox
  9. @Faizankhan.01-w9w: Fake comment
  10. @amithakur888: Free me trading krwaunga bhai or grop me join 100% profit with prof ke sth live dikhaunga or forex markt me trade hota hai or jinko join hona gc me free or jo trade krna fhate real me bass vo reply krna me hr ak prof provide krunga or uske bd ap demo acc ya real acc me trade kr ke dekhan 10 15 din fir jojn hona jab apko trust hojyebproper ly
  11. @kanteshpandit6871: China Life
2628 .HK
  12. @ShivKumar-k3k8h: Hello Sir
  13. @aivideo-w9b8m: Sir kya treding ki class hoti hai
  14. @RajeevKumar-i4f5l: Link bo na bahi
  15. @Tuka12: Excelent video 🎉😮😊
  16. @Tuka12: Mindbloing application ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️outstanding platform 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝bohut maja aya👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
  17. @SonuSharmabrya: S and I am a d e r e r a d a d a week and I will not get any reply from your DVR and will not be there ❤❤
  18. @NupurBera-e7m: Nice video ❤❤❤
  19. @SulataPatra-s1e: Trading Kaise Kare In Hindi very good video play and amazing video tricks
  20. @KanhaiyaKumar-o1b8e: So wonderful video ❤❤❤❤

- What 115,000+ Apps Reveal about Growth in 2026 | Sub Club Live ft. Thomas Petit: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome to this week's edition of Sub Club Live. We got a special one today. For those of you joining us for the first time, we do these almost every week now. I think we, we got three in February, shooting for another three in March. And the whole idea is that the Sub Club podcast is great. We talk to incredible people in the subscription app community. Uh, but you probably are, you know, listening in the car going, well, what about this? What about that? You know, can you help me, you know, improve my return on ad spend or whatever. Uh, and so these live sessions we're gonna bring on experts like Thomas, who's joining us today. To take questions, to discuss topics and have a little bit more of a community feel. And the audience engagement has been amazing. We've been doing, uh, paywall, roasts with Vahe, um, and have had tons of submissions. Way more than we can cover each week, and a lot of great questions and stuff like that. Uh, so today we're talking with Thomas Petite. Um, try try the French pronunciation this time instead of just saying Thomas Petit. Um, but, uh, we're gonna talk about the state of subscription apps and, uh, we just released this report and Thomas and I are gonna dig through, um, the numbers and take questions. So we'll take questions about the state of subscription apps report. If it's about the report, we'll try and cover it like as we're going, especially if it's related to the topic we're talking about. But then we're gonna open it up to the end as we normally do to ask Thomas. Any question if you're struggling with ua, if you, you know, have some question about meta ads, if you have some question about your app store search ads. Uh, Thomas is an expert on pretty much everything related to, uh, subscription app growth and monetization. Um, so, uh, so yeah, Thomas, why don't you give a quick intro. Hi everyone. Uh, thanks David. Uh, happy to be here again. Uh, happy for this chat. And then opening to question. I'm Thomas. I work with subscriptions for over a decade now. Uh, super excited to see how everyday brings some news. Uh, I help apps grow sometime on the acquisition side, sometimes on the monetization side and everything in between. So that can mean a lot of things. Uh, organic paid. Uh, store presence, onboarding and paywalls and all the data underlying it, uh, for small and bigger subscription apps, but always subscription. So, uh, good to discuss the, the state this year, which is like hottest than ever. Nice. And, and what I always say when Thomas joins is that, uh, Thomas is way too busy to take on any more clients. So this isn't about him getting more clients. And even if you could hire Thomas, uh, he, he's very expensive, especially for a short engagement. And so it's pretty cool to get, uh, you on these and it really appreciate you sharing so much with the community. You blog, you tweet, you share on LinkedIn, you comment on LinkedIn, um, and you, you join us for things like this to share your insights. So we always really appreciate that. All right, let's, uh, jump into the data. Um. So the report this year is bigger and better and badder than ever, uh, 358 pages. Uh, the team worked on this for months. It's the biggest team we've ever had working on this. Uh, we had two data analysts. We had multiple writers. We had, uh, a whole team working on this. And so, you know, we, we try and bring together, uh, interesting stats and then also stats that'll help inform business decisions. Um, uh. So before we dive into deeper into the, the stats themselves, I wanted to get your take, Thomas, on how to think about benchmarks. I mean, we, we, we've talked about it a lot in the past, but I wanted to revisit it in this live stream about, you know, when to look at conversion rate and say, oh, my trial conversion rate's only 30%, but the benchmark is 40. That's what I need to focus on. Uh, how, how do you actually look at the data and then make informed decisions based on it? So I used, I used to be very harsh with benchmark, uh, one because in the past they were not that good as now, and two, because it's such a hot questions about founders who come and, oh, how do I compare? How do I fare? No, humans will want to see where, where am I actually weak? Where I'm strong is, is normal and legitimate question, but the answer is very rarely, one number. And, uh. I guess one of the, the trap of benchmark is looking for the average comparing to yours because there's always so much nuance, nuance about, uh, sometimes geographical, sometimes platform, sometimes it's, uh, your vertical, sometimes the scale you're at. And I guess it's one of the reason the report has grown so big is not because you bring more and more people, you surface more topics, but also because there's a lot of breakdowns in there. And, uh, it does matter, especially on monetization because there's really wide gaps if you are comparing, uh, Europe and not, versus Australia and iOS. Yeah. Obviously the numbers not gonna make the, uh, be the same. I think it's important to also look at it as, I mean, one, one of the big conclusion of this report was that the, the best app are really growing like metaphorically, and the average is actually pretty average. And the bottom is, I mean, not dying, but not growing at all. And whenever you look at like. Uh, medians and average. It's like you're not trying to be on the average, you're trying to look at the top of it, but at the same time, you can't be the top of it on everything. And, uh, maybe something we go back after that, every metric in isolation can be reached without the business goals to be fulfilled. But you can't reach the top. They sell on all the metrics at the same time. So this is where it's tricky to, like, it's useful to compare yourself, but you need to be very careful of effects of average ver versus tops and versus one metric versus another. If you have a high price spot, you're gonna convert less. It's expected, like, um, I work with apps that charge a lot, things 200 and others that charge very little, like 10 to $20 a year. And because of the USP both make sense, but then those two apps would look at the same, let's say start to trial conversion or it's start to pay conversion. And they should obviously aim for very different numbers in these two setups. So, um, I guess all the good questions. The answer is, it depends. Uh, that's why we are here. And I, I, I, I've already said this, I, I was on, um, the app figures, YouTube, uh, live yesterday, and I, I was with Steve Young from App Masters Live last Friday, so I've already had a chance to say the talk about this a lot. So if you wanna hear my more in depth stuff today, I am gonna try and focus on Thomas. Um, but if you wanna hear my more in depth thoughts, you can check out those other two. But I did wanna pause and just say on that topic, and this is what I said on both of those other live streams, is that you can make a business work. Even being bottom quartile in every single metric. But what, what it depends on is how you are running your business. If you can get really cheap installs, if you can, you know, make UGC work where you know you're not spending a ton of money on paid ads, um, and, and getting things to go viral on a consistent basis. If you're getting featured by Apple a lot, if you get in the press a lot, if you have cheap sources of installed, if you have great word of mouth, you can have a really fantastic business being lower quartile and everything, making tons of profit. Um, so it's really about your business and how your business runs. And, and to that point, you know, I've seen this a ton of times when my app gets featured, my numbers go way down on the benchmarks because people coming in from browsing the app store, they're not super highly motivated. They're not super targeted. I don't have a lot of experience running ads, but I've talked to people like Thomas and plenty of other people in the industry. When your, when your ads get really good and really targeted, you're bringing in such higher intent people, you should expect to be higher in a lot of these metrics. But when I, when I get featured, like I said, the trial start rates go way down. The trial conversions go way down. The, you know, revenue per install goes way down, uh, because it's just a different cohort of users. Um, so, so that, that's my 2 cents. It's just, you know, be thinking about the business you're trying to build and what's gonna lead to a. Profitability and the business you wanna build versus like, if you try to be P 90 at every single metric, you might just be chasing your tail. And maybe it's better to build that next feature that's gonna get you featured by Apple and get you some press mentions or get some buzz on Twitter versus like spending another three months optimizing your onboarding. Um, maybe that's the best choice. Spend three months doing that. Maybe it's three months building another amazing feature that gets attention and sells the value prop and, and then that converts better than, than changing your onboarding. Um, so yeah, be, when you look at these numbers and as we talk through all of these things, don't think automatically making a change is going to lead to a higher increase, like a longer. Onboarding works for some apps, doesn't work for some apps. Hard paywall works for some apps, doesn't work for some apps. Uh, you know, all these things that we're gonna talk about, um, do have so much variability in how well they work. So keep that in mind and build the business you're building and build the business you wanna build. Real quick, I did want to dive into the methodology section. Uh, I'm not gonna read this and you, if you watching on YouTube, you probably can't read this anyway, but my point in bringing it up was to if you, you really should download the report and the first thing you should do once you download the report, I know it's a little dry, but there's three pages of methodology. But it's really helpful to understand the data and, and put it in context like Thomas was talking about. Like we do a ton of breakdowns, but then you need to understand what we mean by a trial conversion. You need to understand what the, uh, country breakdowns are like. I had to look up MEA Middle East. What is it? I don't, in Middle East and Asia, I don't know. See, I don't even know. Um, but, uh, go ahead and look at that. And then the top quartile, bottom quartile, median. You know, if you're not familiar with statistics, we have a good breakdown in there. Uh, we are gonna be talking about that a lot today. P 90, meaning the top 10% of apps, uh, top quartile, meaning the top 25% of apps. Um, so spend a little time in there. And the one thing I did wanna highlight before we move on is that this data covers a hundred over 115,000 apps, over $16 billion in revenue, and over a billion dollars in transactions at Revenue Cap. We're, we're at the scale now where our data really is pretty representative of the broader market. Um, and so. You know, all, although no benchmark is perfect, no data ana, uh, analysis is perfect. Uh, I do think our data is, is pretty reliable of the broader market, a pretty represent representative sample of that broader market. So I just wanna point that out. Alright. The next thing I did want to do is, is go through quickly and what I'll do is I'll just, I'll read the top takeaway and then I'll give you Thomas, you know, a few minutes to just kind of respond to it. And then some of these we're gonna cover in more depth, so maybe you can go a little higher level and then we will, we'll dive deeper. Um, but these are the top six things the team found in the data that, that we thought would be most impactful to how you think about running your app business. So I thought it would be great before we deep dive into some of the specifics to just hit these high level points. So the first one is that the top 25% of apps grew 80% year over year, while the bottom 25% shrank by 33%. And I think here the, the app store has always been very winner takes all by nature. Uh, and now that there is more and more apps, uh, it's not that it's still true, it's that it's almost even more true. Like it's never been a a and uh, it's stuff out there. A lot of apps will actually never grow meaningfully, and that's expected. And a few of them are gonna eat some vertical very fast. Uh, I think hidden in between. They're still very healthy middle class if you dig through the cracks. And that's what I believe most people should aim for. Like, uh, one, one in many, many millions is gonna become a Duolingo. And several millions out of several millions are gonna eventually shut down. Uh, but in the, the middle is the really interesting part. Yeah, totally. All right, next one. Hard paywalls convert five times better than freemium. Um, this is a tough one, and I've said this on the other live streams. I don't think this automatically means you should use a hard paywall, but it is fascinating that the data showed that stark of a performance difference. So, before I comment on that, uh, the funny part about that one is that not everybody reads it the same way. I, I know you David, read the methodology, but not everybody's been through the three pages and not everybody understands the same thing through hard payable. Do you mean it's uns skippable, or do you mean it has no free trial or both. And then freemium doesn't mean the same thing for everybody either. So it's kind of a funny thing that. Even if the conclusion that is supported by data, a lot of people are going to read the conclusion through very different lenses. Uh, and my, my take on it, if you take all the combinations between using a free trial or not having a payroll that is capable or not, is that the efficiency Highly depends on, uh, the vertical, on the scale, uh, the type of audience you're reaching. And even though in aggregate it might prove true, and I've, I've seen, I've seen hard pay will be extremely effective for monetization. It max makes no sense at all for a bunch of apps. And some apps should actually never offer a trial. It doesn't make sense because maybe they've got cost because maybe users are already convinced. So it's more data hassle and stuff. Some apps, uh, put an unskipable paywall and it does make sense for them. But, uh, if Duolingo would put a Unskipable paywall and drop their 90 plus percent of the audience, they would lose on, on the whole brand and community that makes part of the growth. So I think there are really cases here on everything. I, I believe very hard paywall comes when comes, like winning often earlier in scale because later you want the free user cohort to be there to convert later or, or dis at scale. You're gonna have all kind of intent. Um, and the, the hub pay will not only for early stage, but sometimes when user come with a already a very high intent. So, for example, I work in the past, uh, with a fitness app that have a very broad audience and one of our competitor had an extremely strong community behind it. They never needed to put a free trial in there or to open features because people were already convinced when they download the app, they knew what they were getting. And actually in this case, whether you offer a free trial or offer a lot of free features before subscribing for us made a lot of sense. We needed to convince people for them was super counterproductive. In the same vertical at a fairly similar scale. So it's very interesting take here that even if the data is true, it's not true for the same people. And that's my take. 55% of all three day trial cancellations happen on day zero. This is a trend we've been seeing for years. More and more people turn off autorenew instantly after subscribing. It's tough out there, like the free trial have a lot of benefit, but when you see that and your developer, it crush your heart. You know, you're giving all your premium features and user enroll in it and they console before they even seen it. It's, it's, it's like. It's frustrating and the truth is there's very little you can do about it. It's a, it's a natural behavior of users. It's a natural, uh, thing to do. And when you've been into a lot of free trial and a few times you forget, you develop these habits, so. I think fighting against it, you can have small wins, but it's not necessarily, uh, uh, the good way to deal with it. It's just one, accept that it's part of the deal. There's a very interesting thing here, like, so obviously you can play with, uh, uh, re um, uh, trust and reminders, telling people you're gonna remind, or you can just play with the length of the trial because this, this number is a little bit higher on the three days when you offer, I don't know, I work with a lot of seven day trials and I don't remember the exact number from the benchmark, but I would say 35% would be more of a usual one that I see, not because my apps are better, but because the trial is a little bit longer. The thing that was, uh, I'm gonna say something that is unusual and is not in that report is, uh, for a very, for a very long time I was like, okay, this 50% of users. Those are free riders. Those are free loaders that use my app and they're never gonna be worth any value. And in UL I was like, oh, let's filter them out because those users are the abusers I don't want, and I actually realized something that a small but very qualitative percentage of these people, they do that because they don't want to be surprised. But at the end of the trial, actually they're gonna convert again. The thing is often they're gonna convert on another SKU, so if you don't set up your it right, you might miss that. A few of those users, they're not lost forever. You still have a chance to convince them. So don't get beat by the fact that a lot of people do that. It's normal. Uh, a lot of people are gonna consult. Uh, but the auto renewal is, is a little bit of an indication of, of what's gonna happen later. It's also, it depends on the audience. Younger people do it a lot more. So there are some verticals that naturally are gonna have this higher, uh, where older people have a bit less of this behavior. I'd say. It's, it's normal, it's expected, uh, keep moving. That's the, that's the game of free trials as well. Uh, you have to accept the game. Totally. Alright, this one I did wanna spend just a, an extra minute on, on Google Play. 31% of, uh, cancellations are due to billing errors and that's compared to 14% on the App store. Uh, we're not gonna dig deeper into this data later, so I did wanna stop and say. If you're operating on Google play, this, this is totally normal. We get the question all the time at Revenue Cap. Like, why are, why are my billing errors so high? Like, what's going on? Is revenue cap broken? Is the data broken? Like, how could this be? But that's just the reality of Google Play. The, you know, they allow you to put prepaid cards on there that run out. They're not as strict about maintaining, uh, um, payments on there. There's not as many kind of core services that people are going to maintain a credit card on there for. You know, on Apple you have a ton of, people have iCloud and other kind of like, core subscriptions that go through Apple billing. So they have to keep it updated. It's just a totally different platform. Um, and so the one thing I did wanna say though is Google has some good recommendations on this. If you, if you use Google and, and maybe Steve, uh, you could do this while we're talking. Uh, Steve's our producer. If you Google, um, involuntary churn and, uh, billing failures, there's a really great post that Google did telling you two things that you can do about that. One is to turn on the grace period, and then the second one, I think it's around, um. Maintaining, I forget what they call it, but you, you allow the user to keep using, or you, you pause the subscription instead of fully canceling it, and then they keep retrying even after the grace period. Uh, and if you do those two things, it reduces that trend by 33%. So they'd be more in the, in the low twenties instead of 31%. So those are two, like just easy switches to flip in Google Play. Now you do have to consider the grace period and whether people are gonna be burning AI tokens. You need to consider your costs and things like that before you just go flip them on. Um, but it's two easy ways to do that. And, and that would be the first step to do before you go do all the blocking and tackling, which you should do at some point. But, you know, in-app banners and push notifications and emails and everything like that. Um, before you do that, just go turn on those two features in Google Play, um, because it, it is really powerful. Um, Thomas? What are your thoughts here? It's, I wouldn't blame Google on that. It's very much related, one to the audience that has, yeah, typically lower income. So that's doomed to happen. More people who are more, have less, also more, less spend. Like, so it's not that Apple really does the job better. It is like the audience is a little, and also Google has made enormous amounts of effort to like adapt in, in, uh, non-US countries to specific billings. Like for example, um, in some South American countries, like the credit cards are not so common. So they have a lot of local payments. It's not all, all that. Google is not doing the job here. And actually they've done more work even than Apple had to do. And this problem is still there. Uh, there are ways to limit it. There is no ways to avoid it entirely. I, I, I'll say something that is not in this number is that the platform do a lot of work to try because people have different subscriptions and so on to make them update. Once you move out of the stores, uh, that's all new. And actually here we don't have the numbers of like involuntary churn when you have to deal with billing on your side. And I'll be curious, with the rise of web revenue, which we may comment, uh, maybe next way, we're gonna compare the three of them and people are gonna realize that this takes a lot of effort when you have to manage this. So actually, even though the number is high, uh, I have to recognize the, the, the effort and the features that Google is providing to, to limit this effect. And, uh, I'll keep searching. I don't think that was actually the link I was thinking of that we shared, but, uh, I should have prepared this before we went live. Uh, but while Thomas is sharing his, his next thoughts, I'll, I'll find that link. Um, next up, AI powered apps generate 41% rep, 41% more revenue per prepare, meaning people are spending way more money on AI apps, but they churn 30% faster. Real, real quick note on this with the AI apps, um, this is not an objective measure. We did subjectively, you know, look at the descriptions and the names of the apps and things like that. So this is not a perfect objective breakdown of like AI apps versus non A apps. But we did our best to kind of give a subjective measure. Is the primary value prop delivered through AI or not? And when it is people pay, but they also churn. It shows how tough it is. And I, I think it shows also the, the acceleration of, of, of the app store in general and subscription in particular. There, there's a few factors underlying it. Uh, one is that a lot of AI supported apps have to charge more just to cover for variable costs. And it, it's not necessarily that AI sells by itself, but that developers had to sell AI and they did manage also, a lot of apps are very recent and have like accumulated learning and going faster studios that had non AI apps and suddenly they put an AI app and they like put a lot of learnings into how do I bring revenue producer up, not only to make more revenue, but to actually, because it's needed to cover the rest. Uh, so I think this, this study is pretty normal. Uh, the fact that it churn faster is a really interesting one. And I think here, I don't know, uh, I don't have hard evidence, but uh, I can imagine how one. Users who are very interested about AI features, uh, that can be followed, that can be like receptionist, that can be a lot of them. They're trying different products as well, like just like we're switching between models all the time. And there's always a new model, like, but also because they cost money. So, and everything is intertwined like the, i I mentioned before, the fact that your price is higher, you're not gonna cover the same here. The fact that they monetize more can also directly and indirectly, uh, lead to actually churning faster. Uh, they're just realities of the market. And I think I, I've seen this one in the field, uh, not for everyone, but, uh, yeah, it, it corroborates what, what I read. Uh, I think there are, yeah, there are factors for the two and, uh, the double data combined shows how like tough this AI gold rush is. Like, there's a lot of people, but it's not, it's not that, that easy. And in the long term, uh. It's evolving so fast. It is, it is. It was already hard to retain user before and it's kind of, it's getting harder and harder long term retention. Sorry I was, uh, muted. Um, we do have some stats in the report on year over year decline in retention rates. And I think AI is, is partially driving that, but we have seen this just continual trend in the four years that we've been doing this report that the median, uh, one year retention rate is just getting lower and lower. And it's a combination of probably just so many more apps and so much more money being spent, you know, consumers getting more savvy, more tools to remind you to unsubscribe to things and things like that. Uh, but it is interesting that, that those retention rates are going down year over year and like you said, Thomas, it is just getting harder and harder to retain users. Um, and so much competition. Alright, last. Of the big takeaways. Oh, and it did share the, I shared the, I finally found and shared the link to the blog post I was talking about. If you scroll down on that blog post, there's a section on, uh, recovering users, and, and it, it shares that stat about recovering three times more of the billing failures. All right, so 70. Um, trials of 17 days and longer, which essentially meaning 30 day trials, we kind of bucket the trials in, uh, so that they don't overlap one to four days, four to 11 days or whatever the number is. And then, uh, so it kind of buckets three day trials, seven day trials, 14 day trials in 30 day trials. So trials of 17 days and longer. So essentially meaning 30 day trials convert 70% better than three day trials. Uh, staggering stat. Uh, Rick, our, uh, my boss and our VP of growth has been hammering this point a lot saying, you know, uh, use longer trials, they convert better. I do kind of think this is a little correlation versus causation, that the kind of apps that today are using 30 day trials are. A different kind of app and, and so you can't really compare apples to apples. Uh, but I think the data does point to if you have flexibility to offer a longer trial if you're not, you know, rushing to get the data for return on ad spend and feedback to the networks and stuff like that, that it might be worth experimenting with. But I wouldn't expect an automatic 70% increase in conversion if you switch to a 30 day trial. But it's just interesting data kind of goes back to our point about like, you know, how, how do you use the data, uh, from this report? I think this can inform the decision that this might be a good test, but I don't think you should expect to automatically see better retention of, of those trials. What surprised me the most is the magnitude of the difference. I mean, it is really, it is really huge. Like, like you said, it's not necessarily valid for, for everybody. I'll add something, which is in, in the test I run actually when I use longer trial, I also enroll more people in the trial. So you would think like. Oh, more install to trial and more trial to pay. What's not to like. So I'll do what I usually do, uh, and I'm not debating the data. I'll just take a non data point of view to be devil's advocate here. And, uh, and say that shorter trial. Shorter trial period. I also benefit for the developer, which is the data is kicking in faster. Whether you're an A test or you are at scale, like the, the, the feedback is so much faster. Like, I remember Matthew from photo room coming in the sub club podcast and say, oh, I make more revenue with the yearly subscription. So I'm not talking about trials here, just the duration based, the same logic. But actually early on in the company, we prefer to have the monthly because we could see the monthly renewal. If we're all our iteration or new feature, we're actually moving the needle in the right way. Whether, if you need to wait for a year, you don't know until then. And I think here on the trial, especially at the moment that you are ab testing a lot like. You are gonna need to wait a lot. And I, I see I also have this problem in, in, in user acquisition where I need to know very fast if I'm recouping money or not, and make decisions to invest more. Do I invest less? And the models tend to deviate more when you have longer trials as well. And the this just the, sometimes there's a trade off that is not exactly just the conversion or the revenue per user, but comes with a burden of data amplification as well. And if it's only a minor difference, you probably want to shoulder trial because it's gonna enable you to iterate faster. Now you make this test and you've got this 70%, uh, difference. You're probably going to think twice about the trade off, but, uh, yeah. Uh, I'm happy to add a layer on top of the number, even if the number looks really solid. I was very impressed. And I, I talked to from Duolingo on the podcast about this in one of our minisodes related to the report. And they actually saw an increased in conversion moving from a 14 day free trial to a seven day free trial. Now it wasn't 30, but moving to a shorter trial, they saw an actual increase in conversion. But what he said on that podcast was that exactly what you were saying is that it was a huge unlock for them because any experiments they were doing, they were able to just get that hard data back. Quicker. You can infer things by the number of people who are turning off autorenew. You can look at early signals of turn, you can look at those things, but there's nothing like getting that final, did they convert, did they not convert? And he said it was a huge unlock for Duolingo, even at their kind of late stage, um, position, that they were able to just move so much faster with experimentation moving from a 14 day to a seven day. So e exactly to your point of, you know, there, there's trade offs that aren't just the numbers. Um, and so you definitely gotta consider all the factors. Alright, let's start digging into some charts. This, this was one of my favorite charts from the report and it's not revenue gap data, but uh, we worked with app figures to share this data. And it's my favorite, just in that it, it shows what's really going on. I think anybody in the industry feels this and has felt this over the last few years, is that the number of apps launching is just getting crazy. So in January of 2022. 2000 subscription apps were launching a month, and now in January of 2026, it was 15,000 apps launched in a single month. I talked to Ariel yesterday on his live stream and he said it just continues accelerating. So this, this is a combination of just more apps being launched due to ai, but it's also more apps launching as subscription apps. So it's a combination of those two. 'cause this is only looking at subscription apps. This is not looking at apps overall. But he did say that, uh, overall, you know, the number of apps and games, and I mean, it, it's just been exploding the last couple of years with, uh, AI assisted development. And you can see in the chart there is really that breakpoint in January, 2025 where it did just, that was a step change in how much easier it was to build an app. And then I think in 2026 in January was that next step change. December is when, um, you know, Opus 4.5 launched Codex, uh, five point. Two launched and we just saw like a huge leap in the capability of AI to build apps. Um, so I, I'd love to get some nuance from you though, Thomas, of what you're seeing as far as like competition and you know, how you feel like this is impacting the market broadly. Ah, o overall it's super exciting. Uh, I wanted to know if you hide the title of the charts so that we believe it's revenue cuts revenue, but no revenue cuts, revenue is growing faster than this. Eh, just a little vo No, I think it's super exciting. There's a lot of attention in the space. What, what I find the most exciting is, is not that there's more apps and so on, is that a lot more people can build apps, teams of one non-developers, uh, which actually unlocked like new ideas, stuff we wouldn't have done before because it was too complicated, too complex. Even small apps that are not great in the benchmark, but they live there because they cost little to develop and it can be done and. And two years ago, they couldn't be done because it was just too much resources to build that small figure or whatever. I think it's exciting overall. It does hide that and like there's always, there's gonna be some crap in there. Like there's gonna be some low quality apps. There's gonna be some apps that have data lake, there's gonna be some apps, and that's. To me that's okay because that's the only way we are in the midterm, going to uncover a lot of new, great apps and have better products and have more economy in the subscription app. So it's all good. Obviously not the whole bar are great quality apps for users. There's a bit of, uh, in French say there's a bit to drink and a bit to eat in there. Uh, but yeah, it, it's exciting overall. It has one effect right now that, uh, I hope where Apple is going to find a solution to, which are review time. Uh, it's pretty clear their team has been, uh, swamped lately of so many submission and I don't have a clear solution. I mean, apple does want to review app, uh, manually, and it does make sense to me that they're controlling what's in the store. But this explosion really puts like a, an amount of pressure on those team. I don't want to know how it is in there. I did talk recently to one team leader reviewer at Apple and. I thought my Q1 was very busy and I realized, oh, I'm having it easy compared to you. It's hard for Apple to manage this. I don't know what's the solution here. Maybe because we're going through the review process also for updates. We have the review process even for CPPs and everything is lagging. Uh, couple of the apps I work with, they actually move back from a weekly cycle to a two or three week cycle because we can't get the review fast enough. Uh. It is a bit of a problem right now, but I mean, the explosion just happened. I'm sure we're gonna figure it out. This is just, uh, unintended consequences that I hope is temporary. If you've been long enough in this industry, you remember the times that Apple used to take a very long time to review. It was super frustrating and for every one of us, it was such a massive progress to have those fast review most of the time within one day, sometime within a couple hours, and whenever it lacked for two days, we were starting to complain and, uh, we got used to it. It wasn't always like this a long time ago. So I, I hope this is a cycle and it comes back to faster review. I don't know how Apple is gonna make it. Uh, but yeah, it's putting pressure, uh, on, on the review team for sure. Yeah, I don't, I don't envy that team. I'm sure they're, they're hiring like crazy and training like crazy. And then the, the big challenge there is that, you know, hiring new people and training those new people, there's gonna be mistakes and things are gonna slip through and like, uh, yeah, don't, don't envy those teams right now at Apple. digging into the data. This is that kind of big number we talked about at the, at the outset. Um, this chart shows the median year on year, monthly recurring revenue growth rate. So how fast are apps growing MRR And I wanted to zoom in on the all regions and just talk about those big numbers off the bat. Um, and so here in all regions you see that the median app is growing at 5.3%, whereas the P 90, the top percent of top 10% of apps is growing at 306%. Just a stark difference. And then, I mean, we didn't even put a number down here on the P 10, um, but it's, you know, shrinking, considerably shrinking, I think like, you know, 60, 60 ish percent based on looking at the, the, uh, uh, size there. Um, so yeah, power, typical power law, I mean, we kind of already talked about it a little bit, uh, but when you see the numbers and like this, it, it, it really is just so stark. Yeah, the, this graph, this graph is interesting because when, when you see the headline, sometimes you don't, yeah. You see the big numbers, but here we, we see the top, they see like, it's almost out of the graph. You have to shrink the axis so much for it to appear. And I, I think it shows like this, this winner takes all nature, uh, in, in the negative side. I don't know how low it can go. I mean, in some cases I, I, I work with apps in the past that were in verticals that are not so trendy anymore, or there's big competitors that happen or, or they just shifted the referral to the new fancy toy and, and it's expected. It's, it's like this partly, I guess it's also the reason because it's easier to code, uh, because the opportunities are bigger, but also because of this parallel that more and more apps are now studios and not just have one app, which was pretty standard before. Like it was such a massive effort to do. Now people are betting on a lot of them, so obviously, uh, just like. Any other of those bets. It is a bit of a numbers game of one is gonna explode, couple are gonna survive, like 5% is like, almost like inflation comparison. And some of them are gonna die and there's gonna be a lot of them there. And I think it's like, yeah, it's a, you, you have to know the reality before you get into it. It was fairly consi. I mean, even if the number are a bit different, the magnitude of the difference is fairly consistent I find here between the different, uh, hq, uh, like it's not that, I don't know American made apps are 10 x better than Asian made apps. There are, there are differences. There are obviously, uh, there's differences in raw numbers as well, but like, uh, it is quite interesting. I'll just highlight one where we feel this MEA here. Uh, I don't know all the countries they tell, but I'm gonna zoom on something. Like if I look from far, it looks like it's a little bit the lowest. If I look at the big rectangle part. But if I look at the top list, it's actually the highest one. So the most extreme, let's say, uh, it's both the lowest and the highest at the same time. And, um, I'm taking, I, I don't think it's the only reason. There are many reasons, uh, there, but there's one trend that, uh, was very clear to me to people I talk to, and it's making a little bit of the news here, is that there is a lot of apps made being made in Turkey now, right? Uh, one because they've got an absolutely amazing talent pool and they always have, but it's kind of like the ecosystem is compounding at a, at a velocity that is crazy. But also because, uh, the Turkish government has put some massive incentives to app developers and, uh, there's a lot of, uh, final prints you need to read, but they reimburse part of your, uh, uh, software cost and they reimburse part of your UA cost. And I think. Here we see some apps that have met growth, uh, coming from Turkey because they're good, uh, because they're incentivized, so they have it a little bit easier to acquire, but because it also attract a lot of people and, uh, those are their, in vast majority Turkish buy Turkish people. But I also know a few apps that do have their HQ there for incentive purpose. And, uh, and they're very smart guys. There are people who have a lot of experience in the, in the, in the app industry. Uh, it's definitely one of the hot trend. You look just at the, the amount of events, the amount of apps, uh, the, the talent pool like to, to hire. Turkey is an incredible country for apps right now. Like, uh, uh, because the level of talent is, is, is really big. And whether that's on design, on development, on marketing, like, uh, on PMs, uh, yeah, such a strong country. Like, uh, in, in, in the world of apps, there are some geography. They have complete outsized talent. Uh, Turkey is definitely one of them. Ukraine is one of them. Vietnam is one of them. It's very interesting to witness how like the distribution across the world is, is uh, yeah. You, because you've got pools of talent that develop and then the success cases. So the founders build more and you've got mafia that are being built because out of one success, very often they would be 10 or 20 that try after that. So, uh, I just singled out one in Turkey because it's, uh, one of the hot ones. But, uh, um, interesting to follow the different hubs. I I realized while you were talking that I didn't explain this chart well enough. So just to clear up any confusion, um, this chart is segmented by developer headquarters, so this is where. In the world is a developer. This isn't revenue in MEA. This is, is developers based in MEA and I finally looked it up again while you were talking Middle East and Africa. I think you said that earlier. I, I, I didn't quite catch it. Um, these are things I should know. Again, good reason to read the, um, uh, methodology section. Um, but it is interesting that the median app in MEA actually lost almost 10% of monthly revenue. Uh, it was the only one that was negative in the median case. Um, but I, the one last thing I did wanna point out in this slide before we move on is that it is kind of encouraging, looking back at the all regions. That the median app being 5.3% growth, that means more, that means 50% of apps by definition grew more than inflation. So it's actually kind of encouraging. This gets to, you know, one of the points you made earlier, it's, here's a thriving middle class on the app store. There's a lot of great apps, a lot of solo founders, a lot of small teams just making really good money and building really fantastic businesses. And, and that's this block right here is that, you know, you don't have to be growing 306% to have a great business. You can be growing 20, 30% year over year and increasing your, uh, ad efficiency and improving the product and increasing conversion and things like that slowly but surely, and building up that profitability over time. Um, so yeah, I think there's a, a lot of great apps hidden in this, uh, big bar right here. Um, two more things I wanted to highlight before we move on to the next section. Realize lifetime value, prepare at year one by developer hq for whatever reason, developers in the us, you know, maybe it's that we, you know, are, are, are fortunate to be in the market that does pay the best. You know, there's other slides that break down the, um, the actual like revenue per country. Um, you know, this is developers based in the us uh, make more money, uh, buy a pretty wide margin too. I mean, $32, uh, at year one is the median compared to, again, even in MEA, it's 17. In Latin America it's 14. Um, so us developers do make more money for whatever reason. And then conversion of, I have a reason if you want. Oh yeah. What's your reason? Not all, but some American headquartered apps develop only for the American market, which obviously is the highest income. Uh, that would be very, like, it's more unusual if you like, the American app store is so big, unless you have a very local product or something related to physical products that wherever you are based, you are looking at the US for customers among others. But you look also at international because uh, you have the capability, you've got more localist people and so on. And I think more apps in the US really aim for the US audience. And in that sense, they can price higher. So that would be one. Uh, reason. Yeah, that's a good point. And then conversion rate to payer is also higher in the us across the board. And, and, and it is interesting, even in both of these slides that it, that the P 90 is higher, the top quartile is higher, the median is higher, even the bottom is higher. You know, the floor is higher. Uh, so it is interesting, I, I, I think you're right. A combination of like, you know, like my apps, like I, I, I don't localize them. Most of my customers are in the us. I focus on the market. I'm, and there's even probably like, you know, I'm building for the US market. Like that's the, the consumer I'm talk thinking about. That's who I am. So I'm better kind of like scratching my own itch, works for the US market, those kind of things. So I just need to note. I'll add one more, more than half of my European based clients headquarted in Delaware. Because to raise funds it makes it easier, right? And they would show up on this graph as a American headquartered. The fact they do it, it they're more likely to raise money and because they're likely to raise money, they're more likely to use ua. So they're more likely to make monetization efforts as well because they need to get the money back. Uh, yeah, there's always a lot of stories be, I don't know to what extent there are many factors. Those are two factors I add, but uh, it's funny how many stories there are between the numbers. Yeah, I don't know exactly how we determined this, but I, I, I, I don't think all of the Delaware headquartered companies would show up in this because I think it's, I think we use the, like, developer billing and so if a French company is headquartered in Delaware, but that wouldn't show us quote unquote headquartered in Delaware, but the team is in France. So, but you're probably right that a certain percentage, uh, do end up getting a US address or, you know, we identify them as us even though they're technically, uh, European or from, from other parts of the world. Yep. Um-huh. Next stat to dive into is share of projects with any web revenue by revenue tier. And so this, this is not the amount of revenue, but this is, are, do you have any web revenue? And, and this is kind of what you would expect. Smaller apps aren't, you know, hot. We, we title them hobby apps, uh, have barely any web revenue. I mean, this is me, my side project, weather app. Uh, you know, I, I'm just. Chipping away at the low hanging fruit on the app store. I, you know, I, I, I don't want to go set up a Stripe account. I don't wanna mess with any of that stuff. I have zero web revenue. And then, you know, as you go to early traction to indie business to scaling and top performing, you know, more and more of those apps do have web revenue. So as apps scale, they do tend to expand to the web and do web to app, app to web. Like there's, there's so much opportunity here these days to get revenue outside of the app stores. Your thoughts, Thomas? Yeah, no, there's complexity that comes and I, there's also a lot of, uh, it's not related, but there's also a lot of, uh, smaller team in solo people and hobby apps that develop only for iOS just because they have to focus on something, then they grow and say, oh, there's an another unreal opportunity, I'm gonna add it. And I think on the revenue side, it's a little bit like, maybe from the beginning, you, you can't do everything. So I, I think like, it makes a lot of sense what I'm expecting for this chart to look like next year. Is the exact same shape, but the vertical axis instead of being a 40, is gonna be an 80 or 90%. So that's what I'm expecting for next year. Same shape. Uh, different magnitude. It is getting more and more important and, and, um, and teams are getting better and better at this. I had, uh, Leon Sasson on the podcast from Ride Science and I, he was one of the early folks I talked to about, um, about web to app. He was doing this, you know, four or five years ago. Um, you know, Noom is probably one of the best examples. I think they started like a decade ago, and, uh, tons of examples over, over time, but something like four years ago. He was trying really hard to make the web work and just couldn't. And then just in the last year, a combination of their learnings, the tooling getting better, um, you know, the industry, um, figuring things out. They, they are making it work and, and seeing a lot of, uh, success on the web. And we dig into it in that podcast episode, uh, about e exactly the tactics they're using and how different it is. We've got a link there in the comments, um, to that episode if you wanna dig more into the web. Uh, but what, what are you seeing on web and what's working? Um, I know a lot of apps are still a little, um, gun shy for app to web. Don't wanna piss Apple off. Uh, what do you see? I think this, this reflects, uh, various realities at the same time. And sometimes the, there are conversation about, hey, it's better to charge on the web than in the app, but very often it's not. Or it's, and like for this use case I'm gonna charge in the app for, for when you're at a later stage for CRM makes a lot of stage that if you send an email that's gonna drive to a promo on the web. But if it's a in-app message, uh, from CRM as well, maybe the conversion is gonna be actually higher if you keep people within the app. So it's kind of like there's a lot of nuance of which case is the best for each. And when teams have a bit more resource, a bit more possibility to experiment, they almost end up having both all the time. Like, and so early on, you probably want IP only for simplicity. At the end, I, I don't think I work with a single app that had a hundred percent web revenue. I mean, Spotify or Netflix do. But that's it. Like, uh, in many cases it's gonna be who, and I think this is why you pick the metric really well, which is how many apps have mixed, uh, revenue. I can see this growing. Like it always existed in some vertical. It was a little bit, uh, more common in the past, like Web two app started a lot on health and fitness because it makes a lot of sense. Also, education. I'm seeing verticals where it was not necessarily a perfect fit. Go there sometimes because we discovered new ways to do Web two app, uh, sometimes just because there's app to web now, so you can charge the US users, uh, via link out and on the web. We're still in the very early days of that, and a lot of people are a bit scared because the things are not settled, like it is just. So new and there were wrong false negative, false positive uncertainty. Is it really a benefit? I'm on the 15%. Like there's a lot of question like, it, it's a period of iteration. I think the, in the web to app space, they're, it's more of a period of, uh, maturation. And then I think a lot of subscription apps are missing out on what gaming is doing because, um, this third trend that is called like web stores is actually aiming not at the, at acquiring users like web two app, but for people who actually actively retaining the app and maybe consuming several package, uh, maybe your app that sells things on top, uh, it does make a lot of sense to sell it through the web because those users have a very high intent. So the conversion drop is gonna be lower. Uh, and, and it kind of set, but also because the same user might buy multiple consumable and in this case it's kind of easier to manage it or switch them from subscription and so on in, in a web environment. Because there's more like flexibility around the SKU, like, uh, and I hope Apple is gonna realize and not block this, but actually make their product even more compelling. Like I was reading yesterday about a user that was complaining to flighty because, uh, they were moving their annual to a lifetime. And yeah, good luck on ip. It's like, it's a nightmare as a, as a user. Flighty has amazing UX for everything, but there's nothing they can do there. I mean, uh, that to make it perfect, there's something they can do and they bring support and so on. I say, so actually the web store for me is a very good inspiration for the power user. Retain that, what gaming has done. And I think some subscription could, uh, have, not necessarily exactly a web store, but like it does make sense for segments of users to monetize on the web does make sense for segments of user to monetize in the app. So me, I'm a big believer of, uh. If I have enough resources, I absolutely want both because they, they, they're suitable for very different use cases. And the flighty example's, so funny or funny slash sad because the reason Flighty can't create a better experience around that is that Apple used to have an API where you could, where the developer could initiate the cancellation of a subscription. Um, and then what happened was, and, and I ended up, I, I, I randomly saw this, and then I got quoted in the Verge and it immediately got shut down. Is that. Uh, Hulu. Hulu or one of the big streamers was telling you on the web, oh, sign up on the web and we'll automatically cancel your Apple subscription. Well, that's not what Apple wants. Uh, and so they stopped offering the ability for developers to programmatically cancel a subscription because it would make it so easy to move revenue off the app store to the web. And, and so yeah, it's like there, there's just not a great solution for this specifically because Apple is protecting that revenue. Uh, all right. We are running short on time. Uh, if you have questions, um, go ahead and drop them. Drop 'em in the, the chat. We'd love to, to answer questions on the state of subscriptions and, and at this point, like you ask anything and we'll, we'll answer it immediately and then, uh, while you're prepping your questions, and we will pepper 'em in here. Uh, let's just speed run a few more stats. Um, and we have like what? Six, we have five slides on revenue per install. Um, revenue per install at day 14, revenue per install at day 60. Uh, but I know you had a few points you wanted to make Thomas about, uh, revenue per install. So rather than digging deep into the data, let's just, uh, let's just jump right to what you wanted to say about user acquisition and scale. Um, obviously we all want to make more revenue for every install. There's a, you, you can't push it too far and sometimes you have to push it too far and it has consequences. You actually mentioned it in the, in the intro before, like not, not all user are, not all intent is the same users who come from featuring, for example. But I've seen a pattern, uh, which it's a bit of a trap in the sense of, uh, when you start activating ua, like paid acquisition, uh, actually it costs so much money that you are becoming more aggressive on monetization, like how the paywalls, shorter periods, higher price and so on. You do leave this, this revenue per installed because you need to for ua, just like we talked for AI apps at the beginning. Uh, but then as a consequence, typically apps that are more aggressive with monetization get less organic traction in general because people share them less because maybe they've got less visibility on the store. Uh, like there's a lot of factors and then it means, oh, but I've got less organic, so I need more paid, so I need to extract even more revenue from every user. And it's kind of a circle that makes it, and there are some apps, just like you said in the middle class. There are some apps that in this benchmark are like, yeah, my revenue is not so great, but I'm getting thousands of users for free every day. And I've seen apps that back off on trying to aim at more, more and more because they were paying it somewhere else. So I think it highly depends like on, on your, on your revenue growth, on like. A lot of, uh, VC backed company are gonna depend heavily on paid acquisition, and they are gonna aim for the little.at the top that is so far off. It doesn't mean that it's everybody should, and I think it's a, it is a bit of a common topic here that the data is very interesting, but depending on what you aim for, you read a graph differently. Like, oh, on that metric, I'm aiming at the top DC because I'm, I'm in this model. Oh, on this metric, I can do just fine in the middle because I'm actually, uh, getting, like, getting a, a model elsewhere. Um, and I, I often sound monetization that the different factors are intertwine between instead of trial, try to pay renewal, price point and so on. They're also intertwine between overall monetization, so revenue per install and organic acquisition and virality, like the apps that are here at the very top of the curve. So $3 or whatever. I would bet that the viral is very limited. P users very rarely invite their friends to pay that like, or to a highly monetizing app. Yeah, it's very rare. I have some great insights. We, we do have some good questions coming in, so we'll, uh, let's go. We'll pause the speed run and Sure. Jump to some questions and yeah, feel free to ask anything at this point. So these, these are not on the topic of state of subscriptions, although this one kind of is. Hey guys, why do apps push so hard for annual subscriptions even going so far as to offer no free trial for monthlys and a 14 day or whatever for annuals. Uh, what are your thoughts on why annuals are such are, are, are so heavily pushed? I mean, this has been a trend we've seen for years. Um, because of a very hard reality is that surely it's very hard. Uh, there's a, there's a funny observation that you can deduce. Almost any up churn by looking at the ratio between annual and monthly. And so you would see typically that fitness apps have a massively discounted yearly and are pushing people a lot to the yearly, uh, only putting the, the, the free trial on the yearly and so on, because their yearly retention is, is is not that great. Like, uh, here I'm, I'm talking about usage retention, but it's mixed with, uh, you take the opposite, uh, content subscription, like, like Netflix, Spotify, a lot of newspaper actually have a lot of, uh, a, a very good retention. They're not offering any yearly. The discount would be too big. Like, uh, so that, that's the first reason is that for most of us, uh, churn is a hard reality. And the fact that you would push the yearly is that because it's a tough, it's not the only reason, the other reason is really operational. Um, and that's because of cash flow of the cost of capital. That's because of cash flow. And especially if you run on. On paid acquisition, but not only like I actually have when, when we run experiment, like, oh, how, how, how do we push the monthly versus the yearly? How much do we discount? How much do we hide the monthly, be behind a view or plans and so on. So I make a lot of comparison of the eventual LTV of being on a monthly or even a weekly. There's a lot of weekly now, and sometimes we discover that actually the monthly is higher, LTV, but the fact that we take six months to match the ed TV or the, the equivalent of a monthly has a cost by itself. Because then my payback period is gonna be longer. And that means either I need to borrow that cash somewhere that's gonna come at an interest, or I need to wait for the cash to come in. Um, actually seeing tonight an app that. The main constraint right now is that they don't have enough cash to deploy because the cohort take too long to develop. And so the platform paid them one or two months after, and then the monthly kicking months after, and they're in a very hyper high growth period, and they have to wait, and it's super frustrating for them. So of course they are scrambling to go to the monthly, uh, to the yearly because the, the, and this is a consideration that has very little to see with what the user wants or need. And that actually is not directly related to the. LTV of each plan, but really about ops, uh, that's not the only factor, and that's just one I'm saying that is not necessarily, not everybody takes it into account. Uh, and it's particularly harsh in periods where you grow a lot through pay because you need to reinvest the cash and you don't have it yet and so on. So, uh, but I think this is a second factor. The, the reality is that it's hard to retain users. Uh, so a lot of people would push the yearly. Um, yeah. Um, all right, well we have a lot of great questions coming in, so I'll, we'll go ahead and stop the slide and, and, and not do any more speed run. There was like four or five more topics we could have gotten to, but you and I always talk a lot, so that's fine. Uh, but keep asking questions 'cause we can go on a little longer. Um, so here, here's one. Hey folks. Is the initial launch boost in the app store present anymore? Uh, and, and what this question is asking and I, I actually, um, push for this for years is what's happening here is that the app store heavily weights the history of an app for a SO. And so if you launch a new health and fitness app and somebody's searching, you know, like if you do a CrossFit app or something, it's like. It's almost impossible to rank for CrossFit because there's so many apps that have been out there and been out there for a long time. And so what Apple finally did, and this was like, you know, seven years ago or something, is that in the first week that you launch, you get an artificial boost in the keyword rankings, which helps you show up higher in search results, which then gets you downloads. So Apple's not like automatically giving you downloads, like they're not pushing people to download your app directly, but by giving you the a SO boost, you, you will be seen more. Um, and then, um, and then by result of that, get more downloads. Um, are, have you, have you launched any app or worked with any app launches recently? Thomas, have you seen this or talked to folks in the community? So I've more talked to folks in the community than launch, uh, app myself. Like recently, I've been focused more on apps that launched like many years ago. Uh, but I do, I do hear the conversation and I did ask a few friends that are launching several apps every month. And I, once I, I wasn't, I was just here listening because it was not my topic and there was actually a heated, uh, not battle, but uh, debate about, yeah, I have it for my app. It still exists. No, I don't have it more, less. And I think a lot of people misunderstand what the boost is on it is, it is not like you put any app out there and wow, for seven days gonna rank like crazy. There's a bit of a random factor depending on, on your metadata, depending on the vertical, uh, how crowded it is right there. I think in general it is there, but that doesn't mean that you should expect crazy visibility on the first week. It does mean to me that okay, you can program enough very fast, but you probably want to be a little bit. I, I see a lot of people who are fully AI doing their a SO Beana, and it's so time consuming that of course you want the help of ai, but it might be worth adding a layer of polish and reviewing it twice or three times because the better you do it the first time, the more likely the boost is gonna bring you something. Whether if you miss that opportunity and you correct later while that one is gone. But it's true that I've also seen a couple of apps that on the first week got absolutely nothing at all, and not just because their metadata was very poor, maybe very, very competitive vertical. Even with the Boost, it's not like you're getting a lot of visibility anyway. There are so many apps, they all, all this newly launched app, like what do we say, 10,000 per week or something if they all let go do a boost. I mean, they're sharing a visibility that is a fin number. So yeah, in average each boost is gonna be slower. It is gonna be smaller. That's that's to be expected. Uh, we had somebody in the chat say, you know, after that first week, no traffic. I know you're saying recent experience. This, this is actually something I'm curious and if anybody in the chat, and you may have a comment, but if anybody in the chat has seen it stick where you get the boost for the week. And then if there's any factors that come into play that, that help you keep that boost, I'd love to hear about it. And if you're watching this after the fact not live, drop a comment. Email me David at Revenue Cat. I'm, I'm actually really curious about this one because so many apps I've talked to had this exact experience. It's like, whoa, like I'm getting like hundreds of downloads the first week and then it just like, like a. Switch flips and it, I think it does actually taper versus like actually just turning off. Um, but then it's like, I, I, I have heard, I have not heard of any apps kind of sticking the landing there where they launch, they get that boost and then they continue that organic traffic over time. Ha. Have you seen that at all, Thomas? Or any comments you wanna make? Yes. I think it's very representative of something is you've got an artificial boost that gives you a visibility that on equal factor you wouldn't have had, like if you had the chance. And I think Apple does a lot this a lot, like Google is more sophisticated on that, that they, they rank a lot from many factors around, uh, retention around how people, and so if you get an artificial boost that enables you to get this visibility, but you're actually not as good as other apps in there. Not as relevant for an LLM, not as retaining so much. Very importantly on the app store not converting as much. When you are put in number two, three, uh, 1, 2, 3 position, if you actually convert less users, apple is eventually gonna take you out of there. And the reality of the boost going away is 99% of those new apps, they're not good enough on. And when I say conversion is install conversion here, not conversion to payer, they're not good enough to hold that spot if they don't get an artificial boost. So don't, you can't take it for granted, but you don't really know where you are because if they, if Apple never put you there, they can't judge you. If you got enough artificial boost, but you're not good enough, you don't know it until you lose it. Like it's kind of a tricky, but I think the fact that it, it loses is because most apps cannot sustain fair comp comparison versus the ones that do have that spot in the first place. And a, a good, um, reminder to test your app more thoroughly. Like if that first week the app is crashing, people aren't able to complete onboarding your paywall, iss not working, whatever else you kind of squander, whatever small opportunity you might have to like, prove to the algorithm that you're converting. Well, uh, we actually had a good suggestion in here. Um, adding countries one by one may help with boost. So I had never heard that tip before, but that's interesting. So maybe, maybe start in Australia, Canada, New Zealand. Um, make sure that, uh, you know, you squash those bugs, start to get some of that early signal and then turn on the us. So, I mean, I, I don't know if this works because I've never done it, but I think that's a great tip. Um, throw any more questions you've got there in the chat. We've got one more question, but, uh, happy to answer a few more if you have them. Uh, so here's that next question. Oh, wrong one. Oops. That's from my, um, colleague. All right, here we go. Um, what would be your top three tips for pricing or even starting a mobile app in general? Uh, let's focus on the pricing. Like first, what are your top three tips on pricing? Um, well there were several bullets. Everybody would know them, but like, one is I've seen a lot more positive tests on raising the price than discounting. It doesn't mean that it's always true, but uh, if you're early on, um, no, my top tip pop pricing is be radical. Don't, don't start small, uh, small test. Don't just go for something big. If it doesn't work, you can change it. So it's about AB testing, but it's also about taking a very big stance, you know, uh, don't overthink. Are you charging 50 or 70? Like, but it does change the trajectory a lot if you're charging 20 versus a hundred, and it's gonna change the type of user you attract. So. Be radical in your position, like in what you sell. Uh, if you sell something super premium, make a super premium thing. If you're in a very casual, like, be, be very radical about it. So that would be a a a and in test as well. But in position, uh, my second one is, uh, rather test to increase the price, rather lower it because I've seen more success there. Um, and the third one is, is probably balance the fact that there's a lot of low hanging fruit in monetization and pricing, but that you've got a gazillion of effort to make, uh, attracting traffic. And how is my store page looking? And sometimes more on the onboarding. Uh, actually I'll quote that one as the third tip. Like people iterate a lot on the payroll themselves. Uh, I used to have this quote that is the most important element of the payroll is the screen before, like, and the, what I'm trying to say here is. You can make a gazillion taste on your pay, on your layout of the paywall, the price point, the trial duration, monthly, yearly view plans, whatever. Maybe the lower and green fruit is what happens between where people came from, whether it's an A or not, doesn't matter. And the store and the, the first screen up to there, is it fast enough? Is there a good friction? Uh, how did you raise the user intent up to the moment that they reached the payable? And at some point we, I, I myself, had the feeling of turning in circles around pricing until I didn't realize that I was beating the same bush and there was a whole lot of gold to be found around there. So that would be, be radical. Raise your price and remember that. A lot about pricing is not on the payroll page. Those are the three I would say. I'll, I'll, I'll posit one thing contrary to what you just said. Um, and this just goes to like, you know, it just apps succeed for different reasons, in different verticals, for different whatever. Um, but I was actually pretty impressed that Cal AI did as well as it did at 29.99 a month. And I do kind of wonder if that price was kind of matched to their user acquisition strategy. Is it, if you're doing a ton of UGC, you're not doing those highly targeted ads on meta. But you're trying to go a little more viral, you're trying to get more users, you're trying to like, you know, build momentum. Uh, I can't help but think that that 29 99 price actually helped them a lot with that because it's such a low barrier to entry where, you know, my FitnessPal and a lot of the other big apps in the space, we're charging our, our charging 60, 80, a hundred dollars a year. Um, so I think there are times when your radical experiment should actually be to price lower than you think. And we, we didn't get to this data, but it, it's actually one of my favorite slides from the report is that lower price apps retain a lot better than higher priced apps. And again, you know, doesn't mean if you drop your price, you're gonna increase retention. But it kind of like, just intuitively makes sense is that, you know, if that bill is coming up and it's gonna be 29 point 99, it's like, you know, most people, it's like. You know, that's a dinner out. That's like, for me it's like not even a trip to Starbucks with my kids these days. Uh, so it's not like it's gonna like impact the budget, but when you have a hundred dollars purchase, um, you know, like a ladder is $130 a year, it's like that's gonna show up in my budget. Like, I gotta, you know, figure out where to pull that money from. Um, and so the, it, it kind of makes sense intuitively that the lower price, it's like people, even if they're not using the app, maybe it's like, oh, well I'll use it later and at 30 bucks it's like, well, you know, big deal. Um, so I think there's, there is a psychology on the lower prices, uh, for retention. That makes a lot of sense. Um, I, I think generally, um, you're right that like charging more than you think is probably the better strategy, especially if you're doing paid ads. But there are cases where I think a lower price can make sense and it just depends again, on so much context. Well, what's super interesting, I often say depends your, your vertical and so on, and the USP, but you can have valid opposite strategy in the same vertical. The example you, you give with like K and MyFi is a very good one. They, they basically reached very different types of user. And both strategy were very, very like, I mean, they did make sense. I, I've seen, I've seen the same, uh, phenomena happen in like, uh, uh, couples apps, like, uh, where one was very much on the therapy side, extremely premium, uh, and so on, and at a very high price, uh, over 200 a year, uh, with some add-ons and so on. But it was meant to be like this. And I've seen other apps be more like very gimmicky, very quick. You've got some quick questions, uh, good stuff you can do with your partner, like, uh, very fun and. Both strategy are completely valid to, uh, like approach a market? Uh, it's not like, uh oh, okay. I mean, I mean, I'm a fitness app. I should, I should price $80 per year, whether I'm a photo video app, so I should charge, uh, five per week. Uh, no, actually within the same vertical, there's two strategy can be suitable for completely different products. It can even be relatively similar features, but, uh, are directed at completely different audience, uh, profile. And I think call ai like in the end, they iterated a lot after that and they did a, a lot of good work. But as they initially grow on an audience that was heavily from, uh, from feeds and reels and TikTok, uh, skews younger, or at least it did not anymore. Everybody's there now. And on younger audience, it's pretty clear that like. It's harder to sell like a, but also because the feature was very instant. And, and back to what you're saying, like even on, on, on apps that are driven by pay some vertical have like a broad audience with low intent where a lower price can make sense. So, uh, because the question was like three general tips, but then there's always, it depends me, there's more likely I'm gonna try to raise the price, but in some case you need to go the absolute other direction maybe. 'cause there's already somebody super premium in the market and say, guys, I've got something that is almost the same, super cheap and super fun. And maybe the lower price point in this case is where there is space and there's a, let's say a blue ocean rather than going at the, at the incumbent that is already taking the, the, the other spot. So really depends your product, your positioning, who else is in the market. Cool. I I am gonna ask this question from my colleague Peter, 'cause it is a really good question. So, um, on the subject of trial links, if my app has a long time to value, like 14 days plus, but I rely on paid ua, how do I best survive that? Slower signals to meta and also a longer cash gap? What, what would be your suggestion for apps that do take longer to get to that aha moment? The value of the app. No, it's true that we, we, we talk a little about the, the free trial as which one is the most effective. And we completely forget what Peter is saying, that sometimes there is very, a very clear pattern into a, I need a full month to realize the value of this a month, a 30 day trial is what makes sense. Or some apps have a very natural weekly cycle, and in this case the seven data just makes sense, not because it's the highest converting or because of, just because it makes sense on, on the habit forming on what I'm doing in the app. And so let's say here you've got a, like a natural pattern of being slightly longer up to 14 days, um, officially for, for, for paid. Like the network can see conversion up to day seven. So they're never gonna see the day 14. Well, I tell you what, even if it was day seven, they're not gonna see the day eight conversion. So you have the exact same problem, basically. You can't fit that signal back. Even at day three, which arrives on day four, it's already quite late actually. So, uh, no matter which trial you have, you're the, let's say, some of the counter tactics here because you, there's a natural fit for the product. There's and the usage. There's a natural monetization maximization and there's what you want for you. And this thing come in tension as coming. Like, I'm not forcing people to put like a neutral trial because I want data immediately for Facebook and Google, like I'm trying to play around those rules. Uh, if you can have the sophistication, having some kind of scoring on the first day is what makes a lot of sense. That maybe you can predict a little bit. Hmm. This one has a high likelihood to convert. This one has a low likelihood to convert and adjust according this. And that's the most effective thing in the end, uh, for most sophisticated deems that operate at a very high scale. Uh, and we do a lot on prediction around that. Um, but for most people, what Facebook and Google really wants and because start to trial rate at what they are. I mean, even if you're really good, 80% of people are not gonna engage in a trial at all. And sometimes it's 90. And when you go outside the US IUS can be 95, it can be 98%. So the first filter is to have a signal of intent, even if it's not perfect. So in this case, Peter, I would not be afraid just send all these trials because there's something, the network values a lot more than we think is a lot of signals that are okay-ish is much better. Then a tiny amount of signals that are great, like there is a trade off here. So in your case, I was like, if you don't have the capacity to put a sophisticated predictive layer, go for it. Send them all that's okay. Like not all of them convert. Uh, maybe later you'll get more sophisticated. Maybe you'll filter, ah, the people who get into the trial, but never do this. At the end of the, of, of the first session, I'm not gonna send them. It doesn't necessarily need to be the auto renewal. It gets tricky depending on what your action is because not everybody can make a workout right on the first session or whatever. But, uh, yeah, I would not be too afraid for as much as I talk about putting more sophisticated signal. For most people, sending any signal you have in a great amount is better than over-engineering it and ending up with a low amount. Like the, the quantity can beat quality in here. So go at it, send them. Alright, well I think that's a, a great place to wrap it up. Um, we did, we did have somebody chime in. Is conversion the most important signal that helps sustain organic growth after the first week and then VT projects there answered important signals are conversion rate and review rate. Um, so nice tips there. The comments, uh, and thank you all for participating. It's always fun to get questions from the audience. It's great to have people in the audience who can answer those questions. Thank you so much, Thomas. Thank you so much for joining me today. This is really fun, uh, chatting through the state of subscriptions and of course, we didn't get through everything we want to talk about, we never do. Um, but again, uh, on April 2nd, uh, I will be roasting paywalls again with Vahe. Um, next week. I'm actually hoping to get a special guest next week for the live episode. Uh, I won't say who because I'm not sure. I, I, I haven't. Uh, made the request yet, but I'm hoping to get a, a special guest next week. Uh, so yeah, keep an, keep an eye out for these lives. And then of course, uh, we had a great podcast released yesterday with the founders of Coco Note. Um, they scaled, bootstrapped, they each put in like 10 20 k and they bootstrapped to a million dollars in a RR in four months. Um, ended up hitting 6.7 million in a RR and exited to Quizlet in December. Uh, really fun story. And, uh, we just released that podcast yesterday, so, um, great, great one to go check out. Um, but yeah, thanks again Thomas, and thank you everyone for joining. Um, this was a ton of fun as always. Bye. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theexit-group: This was an excellent and insightful report. But it's a lot to read. I suggest uploading the entire PDF to your ChatGPT and have it pull the parts of the report that are relevant to your specific app to see if you're on the right track or not and what you should consider changing in your app for 2026/27.

- 10 Tactics the Fastest-Growing AI Subscription Apps Are Using Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Andrein, founder and CEO of Funnel Fox. And today we have a wonderful uh guest Phil Carter uh to discuss uh really hot topic about AI and how AI is shaping uh subscription business right now. Please welcome uh Phil. Hi Phil. Uh thank you for joining us today. >> Yeah, thanks for having me back. Excited to do another one of these. Yeah. And uh it's really excited to uh to discuss this u interesting topic with AI and how AI is changing how consumer apps and mobile uh mobile apps are like changing their like uh growth models uh with with a new uh new approach with new AI and gentic uh approaches etc. And uh everybody you can uh drop your questions, comments in the chat and we'll cover them in the Q&A session in the end of the webinar and uh all things will be uh recorded. So we'll send all materials at the end of uh webinar. All right. Uh few floor is yours. >> All right. Great. And as Andre said, let's make this as conversational as possible. I've done several of these with Funnel Fox and with others and and these are a lot more fun when they're interactive. So, please drop questions more than often and I'll do everything I can >> to uh to call on any folks or not call on you but to address any questions that you drop in the chat. >> So, with that, um the topic I'm going to be talking about today is how AI is changing consumer subscription growth. And before I do that, I'll just give you a little bit more background on me. So, my name is Phil Carter. I'm the founder and CEO of Elemental Growth, uh which is a top growth advising and consulting firm that works exclusively with subscription apps, both consumer and proumer subscription businesses. Um I'm also a venture a venture adviser for NEA or new enterprise associates uh and an angel investor. Uh and prior to starting this company a few years ago, I spent about a decade as a venture capitalist an associate at Trinity Ventures. So I have seen the investor side of things for those who have questions about what VCs are looking for. Um as well as seven years as an operator leading product and growth teams across three multi-billion dollar companies. I was the first product manager at Ibata uh and eventually um became the director of product leading their consumer product team. Um I then went to Quizlet and ultimately was a senior director of growth leading their user growth and subscription schemes. Uh I did that for almost four years and that's where I learned a lot of the consumer subscription playbooks I'm going to be talking about today. Then I went to fair um which is a marketplace business and was the head of expansion at fair. So this included all international category and up market expansion. a different type of growth work. Uh and then I started elemental growth almost exactly three years ago now and have worked with a lot of great consumer and proumer subscription apps since then. Um so here's a sample of some of the clients we've worked with. We've worked with about 35 clients since inception with an average NPS score of 90%. Um, these include more traditional category leading subscription apps like chess.com, outside or uh, imprint as well as some of the fastest growing AI companies in the world right now. Companies like Perplexity, Gamma, Leven Labs, Tol and Whisper Flow and Studyfish. So, I'd like to believe I know a thing or two about consumer subscription app growth. Uh, and that's what we're going to be talking about today. And I'm going to start by talking about my framework for growing subscription businesses and that's called the subscription value loop. Some of you may have seen some of the content I put out about this, but if you haven't, I'm going to be talking through it today. Uh we'll go through value creation, value delivery, and value capture, which are the three primary steps in that loop. But then importantly, I'm going to get to how AI is changing the specific strategies, tactics, and playbooks that the top companies, whether they're AI companies or not, are using to grow faster in the era of AI. Uh and so we'll spend more than half of the call focused on those specific uh changes. And then uh Andre has a few things to say after I give my presentation and then we're going to get to Q&A at the end. Um but please if you have questions like I said drop them in the chat as we go. We'll do dedicated Q&A time at the end but I'll also sprinkle in questions as we go to make it conversational. Okay. So to step back let me just paint the picture of what the subscription economy looks like today. Um, so Google and Apple first enabled subscription-based uh business models in the app stores well over a decade ago now. Um, and the app stores have grown to well over 100,000 subscription apps. In fact, I should probably update this slide. My guess is we're approaching 200,000 or more at this point. This slide is about a year out of date at this point. U, but these 100,000 plus subscription apps are confined to about a dozen major categories. And these include health and wellness, um, education, productivity, media and entertainment, uh, and handful of others. But despite the fact that there are hundreds of thousands of these apps out there, um, there are fewer than 50 that have ever reached billion dollar valuations and fewer than 10 that have surpassed 10 billion dollar valuations. Uh, and most of those that have are confined to four primary categories. Those are media and entertainment companies like Netflix and Spotify. Um, health and fitness, you've got Straa, Flow, and then some of the hardware companies like Whoop and Aura. Um, social and lifestyle is a range of different companies. And then you've got education with with companies like Duolingo or Quizlet where I where I spent several years working. Uh, and so why is this? Why is it that there are so many subscription apps out there, but so few have been successful? We're going to get to that in a moment. I'll also say that even the companies that have managed to IPO have seen lots of volatility. So, this is looking at revenue multiples um both versus forward revenue or trailing 12-month revenue for a portfolio of top subscription apps that are publicly traded companies like Dolingo, Dropbox, Bumble, uh Grinder, Netflix, Spotify. And what you can see here is these companies reached a peak of as high as 10x revenue multiples uh during the height of the pandemic. Uh but then as the tailwinds of the sub the p pandemic subsided they saw their multiples crash all the way down to roughly 4x and then over the last couple years they've started to recover. But this slide is just meant to show that even the companies that make it to the very top still see their fair share of volatility. Uh and you don't just have to take my word for it. There's data to back this up. And so this data comes from more than 30,000 apps. Um and so it's a very large sample. And what you can see is even top quartile apps. So apps that are in the 75th percentile have install to paid conversion rates of less than 6% meaning less than 6% of installs ultimately convert into subscribers. And then companies are losing half of their annual subscribers and more than twothirds of their monthly sorry they're losing more than half of their annual subscribers after one year and they're losing more than twothirds of their monthly subscribers after just six months. But the best consumer subscription app significantly outperform the rest. So once you get to the 90th percentile, that top 10%, you can see these numbers start to look much better. So install conversion rates well above 10% um and then um annual one-year retention rates approaching 60%. These are the types of numbers that venture capitalists want to see to believe that you can support a billion dollar plus business. And so the point is you really have to be one of those top desile companies if you want to build a venture scale company. Um, one of the things that I talk about in some of my materials that I'm not going to spend a ton of time talking about today, but kind of the highlight here is subscription apps are easy to launch. They have all sorts of built-in advantages, right? They don't require complex network effects. You get all sorts of turnkey support tools within the app stores from Apple and Google. So, they're very easy to get off the ground. And that's now true more than ever with AI, which we'll spend a little bit more time talking about, but they're very difficult to scale because they have high churn rates, much higher churn than B2B SAS businesses. They don't have strong network effects in many cases. So you don't get the lock the lock in effect uh that you have with two-sided marketplace places and they're increasingly reliant on major ad networks like Meta and Google for acquiring new users and those networks are getting more and more crowded as the app stores get more crowded. So this sort of paints the picture of why building consumer subscription businesses is so challenging. So now what's the solution? Like what do we do about this? If you're an early stage startup or you're a bootstrapped soloreneur trying to build your company, what you want to do is look to some of the top companies, the the apps like Duolingo, Straa, Quizlet, the category leaders, and look at what they're doing to support long-term sustainable growth. And so this framework that I've developed is called the subscription value loop. And basically what I posit is that the center of every successful subscription business is a unique and enduring core value promise. And what I mean by that is it's unique in that it stands out from all of the other competitors in your category. And almost every every category in the app stores is is crowded at this point. And then it's enduring, meaning it's providing long-term value to subscribers, which is why they continue to pay you month after month and year after year. And then outside of that core value promise, you have these three key steps. Value creation. This is led by core products product teams. It's the specific products and features that your company is building to support your core value promise. Then value delivery. Value delivery is generally led by marketing or growth product teams to distribute your product into the hands of your users. Uh and then value capture, which is making sure you're getting enough revenue back from your users in the form of subscriptions or sometimes ads if you have an ad supported premium model um to reinvest uh dollars as as resources back into product development and into paid marketing campaigns. So as your value promise gets stronger and as you get better and better at these three steps, value creation, value deliver and value capture, two key things happen. One, your LTV over CAC ratio, which is your customer lifetime value over acquisition cost, that should go up. And you want that to be over 3x ideally for for venture capitalists to be excited about your business. And then your payback period comes down. And the best consumer subscription apps are paying back their paid CAC within the first month or or even on the first day of acquisition. their their ROI positive on their acquisition costs almost immediately, which just means they can reinvest that cash back into growing the business. Okay, so there's the theoretical underpinning of our talk for today, which is the subscription value loop. Um, but how do we put it into practice? So, two years ago, I shared a news a guest post in Lenny's newsletter um on the subscription value loop. And in it, I talked about these 10 specific tactics that top subscription businesses are using to grow as fast as possible. And those were build a great product, optimize pricing and packaging, deliver immediate value and onboarding, invest in web- based conversion flows, which is obviously very relevant for Funnel Fox. Um, optimize payw wall visibility and conversion, maximize your premium value promise, minimize involuntary churn, leverage motivation tactics like streaks and badges, measure and promote viral word of mouth, and then use strategic discounts and promotions to better align price with willingness to pay. So, these were my original 10 tactics, and I'll drop the link to this Lenny's newsletter uh guest post in the chat for those who are interested and haven't seen it before. Happy to answer questions if folks have any. But for the rest of our call today, what I want to focus on is how these tactics are changing, right? Because two years is a very long time in a world where AI is changing how companies grow every single day. And so for the next 20 minutes, we're going to talk about a few specific tactics each under value creation, value delivery, and value capture that AI companies are using to grow their businesses more quickly. Before I do that, does anybody have any questions yet? I I I haven't seen anything in the chat, and that's totally fine if there aren't any questions, but if there are, I would love to answer a couple before we keep going. >> No questions so far. All right, we'll keep it going. >> But don't be don't be shy. If you have questions, drop them in. >> Okay, so I'm gonna start with value creation. And this is very intentional, right? Because value creation is the foundation for everything else. If you if you haven't built a product that is truly unique and and provides enduring value to your subscribers, then they aren't going to pay for it, which means value delivery and value capture won't matter. So how is AI changing value creation? Well, the first tip I have here is providing an automatical experience during during a user's first session. And what I mean by that is when you think about the evolution of consumer technology over the last 20 years, it really, you know, not not since the launch of the first iPhone in 2007 and then the subsequent rise of the app stores in 2008, 2009, 2010 did you have brand new consumer technology that was so transformational that people really stepped back and were like, "Wow, I've never seen anything like this product before." And that gave way to products like Uber using GPS to be able to find a ride home in the middle of the night or uh Strava being able to track your run or Dolingo being able to iteratively learn a new language uh with a device in your pocket. Like none of those products could have existed before the rise of smartphones. But then there was this sort of intervening period of over a decade where there just wasn't that much fundamental innovation happening. And then in late 2022, around November, December 2022, when ChhatChatic GPT hit the mainstream, for the first time in many years, you had everyday consumers, family members, friends, people, you know, experiencing a product that was unlike anything they had ever seen that really did feel like magic. And so, the reason this is so important is human attention spans are getting shorter and shorter. Microsoft ran a study in 2015 that showed that the average human attention span had fallen from 12 seconds at the turn of millennium to 8 seconds by 2015, which may not sound like much, but that's more than a 50% drop in um or sorry, it's a 33% drop in in human attention spans over the course of just 15 years, which just means you have this very narrow window of opportunity to grab somebody's attention and really get them excited about your product. And so the example I'm using here is Tlen. This is one of the fastest growing consumer AI They've built this alien AI companion that is sort of your AI best friend and it's one of the best onboarding experiences I've had in a very long time. You go into the app within the first couple minutes you answer a few questions from a character called the oracle. It then gives you a full personality reading on what makes you unique. Uh and then you get matched to a tool based off of your personality characteristics. And so this it's this very compelling highly personalized experience that people have never seen before. and it's part of what leads to such high monetization rates and and long-term subscriber retention rates for total. So that's tip number one, provide an automatical experience during a user's first session. Um tip number two is leveraging AI to deliver a hyperpersonalized user experience. So when I say hyperpersonalized, what I mean is if you look back at the state of consumer technology, you know, 15 years ago, there there was virtually no personalization. If you opened up a typical mobile app, you were going to get the same experience as every one of your family members and friends and colleagues would get and then maybe over the last decade you started to see some measure of personalization. So if you go through N's onboarding quiz, you'll get a different weight loss plan depending on how you answer those questions. Or if you go through Duolingo's onboarding, you're going to learn a different language, but you're also going to get different questions based off of your proficiency level and how many minutes per week or per day you're willing to dedicate. Um, but this idea of hyperpersonalization is that AI is making it more possible for companies to tailor every aspect of their experience to what the individual user needs. And the example I'm using here is a company called RUNA. Um, this is an app in the health and fitness space that got acquired by Strava right around this time last year, so about a year ago. Um, they're specifically built for runners who are training for their next marathon, 10K, or other race. And so what that means is they're building these hyperpersonalized uh fitness plans, these race plans to prepare for your next big run over the course of weeks or months. Um and so it's very very personalized to your experience based not just on your responses to onboarding quiz questions, but also based on every one of the workouts um that you do on Runna. And so every time you do a workout, it gets feedback on are you overperforming or underperforming relative to your plan and then it can adjust accordingly. So they they capture um answers from quiz about the preferences and goals of their users and personalize the workouts plan um uh plan for for each user. Yeah. >> Yeah, that's exactly right. >> Yeah. And obviously you can do this on mobile or web, but to bring it to FunnelFox for a moment, one of the advantages of a web- based onboarding flow is you're just able to iterate much more quickly. Right. If you're building a mobile onboarding flow, you need a new mobile app release in most cases every time you want to change a set of onboarding quiz questions or you want to change your payw wall. >> Well, with Funnel Fox, you can just do a web to app flow. And that means you can iterate much more quickly. Uh and and with a tool like Funnel Fox, you don't actually need to use um you don't need as much engineering capability because it's much more templatized. Okay, Alex asked a great question. How much user data do you need to hyperpersonalize? I mean, I think this really depends on the use case, right? Like the the way I would answer that question is if you're just trying to figure out, you know, like um what language somebody wants to learn and then are they a beginner, intermediate, or basic learner, that doesn't take too much data. But if you want to provide a dayby-day specific running plan that is down to how many minutes you should be running on flat terrain versus hilly terrain, um how much recovery you should be leaving between workouts, all in the spirit of optimizing for a race that's, you know, x days away, that requires a lot more data, um and it's not necessarily category dependent. Like even even to go back to language learning, if your goal is to be much more specific around achieving a particular score on an English language learning test for an entrance exam into a top university, then the stakes are much higher and the amount of data you need for successful personalization is much larger. So I guess to directly answer your question, Alex, like to do any amount of hyperpersonalization, I think you need to be at the scale of tens of thousands of users minimum, ideally more like hundreds of thousands or millions of users. Um, but with AI, you're able to start to personalize at much lower levels than you could before. Okay. And then the last tip for value creation is continue to innovate rapidly to stay ahead of the curve. And so the example here is study fetch. They're in the edte space. Um, they're a client of ours and so I know a bit about their product roadmap and they just innovate very very fast. Like the number of new AI powered features that they're releasing on a monthly or quarterly basis is pretty staggering. They also pair this with their marketing approach, right? And so they don't just launch in private, they launch in public. They use channels like Tik Tok and Instagram to really promote their product, um, to use micro influencers and everyday students who are are getting value out of the product to improve their grades. And so that not only keeps them relevant in the minds of their target customers, um, but it also just ensures that they're staying ahead of this product market fit curve. This idea that like once you have product market fit, you just have it forever is really not true. It's a moving target and with AI, it's a target that is moving faster than it ever has before. So, you have to keep innovating to stay ahead of the curve. Okay, so those are my three tips on value creation. Next, we're going to get to value delivery. So, this is how AI is revolutionizing user acquisition, both organic user acquisition and paid acquisition. So tip number one here is leveraging PLG loops to amplify word of mouth, SEO which is search engine optimization and increasingly AEO which is answer engine optimization or optimizing your probability of appearing in LLM responses like uh Claude or Chat GPT or Gemini. So the example I'm using here is Gamma. Um they are one of the top AI apps in the world right now. specifically in AI powered presentations raised their series B from Andreen last year at a valuation over $2 billion. And they have all of these user generated content um and organic growth loops, specifically a personal viral loop. So this is where people are inviting their colleagues to Gamma because it makes the experience better for them. They want to have their teammates on Gamma because everybody's experience gets better. Um that's called a personal viral loop. Second is social viral loop. This is I'm posting about Gamma on social media because I want to be perceived as an early adopter who's in the know. Um third is casual contact loop. So this is I might see somebody using Gamma to present at a conference like MAU or at a board meeting or in a team setting. And if this is somebody I respect and it's a good presentation, then I decide, okay, maybe I should give GAM a try. And then the last is a UGC driven SEO or AEO loop. And in Gamma's case, this is you've got millions and millions, I think 100 million monthly active users now who are creating both presentations and websites because Gamma also allows you to create websites. And all of that is content that can be crawled and indexed by Google and other search engines, which makes Gamma more discoverable by other users who may encounter the company or the product um through these other presentations and websites. So all four of these, the personal viral loop, the social viral loop, the casual contact loop, and the UGC driven SEO loop are organic ways of growing your business that don't require paid acquisition. And it's part of why Gamma's been able to achieve um tens if not hundreds of millions of MAUs and tens of millions in ARR while spending very little of the outside capital they've raised. Number two is investing in community to drive organic growth through UGC. So the example here is notion. Notion is one of those products that was very horizontal from the very beginning. So unlike most products that start as point solutions, Notion launched as this full suite. It's basically the wiki for your company where you've got databases and you've got templates and you can use it for all these different tools, right? And so what they needed to do was rely on their early adopters to really explain and evangelize their product. And um and then they also created digital artifacts in the form of templates that could be easily shared on social media channels like YouTube or Tik Tok. And so when notion launched notion AI in 2023, they were one of the first companies to really go all in on AI. They went back to the well with the same strategy and they really leveraged this evangelist community that they cultivated over many years to help get their new AI products out to market and explain to users how they should be getting value out of those AI products. Um, number three is using AI tools to build and test hundreds of creatives per month. So, I know a lot of you are probably relying on meta ads or other paid acquisition channels to grow your businesses. AI tools like 11 louns for voice, sunno for music, or bo3 for video have become really powerful ways of just generating more content more quickly to power your paid acquisition budgets. And so some specific tips here, hold monthly creative planning meetings to map out your strategy and your backlog of creative briefs. Test new creative concepts every week and then review performance every couple weeks. This is the the math that RA uses for their creative meetings. So I've used RUA as an example twice now. Uh but Miranda Payne who leads growth there has um been a guest speaker uh for my course and also come on my podcast and and this is the exact creative approach that they use to spinning out new creatives for their business. And it's allowed them to get to 400 plus creatives per month. That was as of last fall. My guess is it's it's even higher now. Yeah, I think it's a game changer in terms of like uh us acquisition because uh there's a strong correlation between uh revenue growth and uh how uh how many creatives you test within like within months and week and leveraging this AI tools for creating uh a lot of creatives. It's like it's game changer for uh for for apps that using like paid acquisition. >> Yeah, I totally agree. Obviously, the more creatives you're testing, the more likely you are to be successful with your paid ad efficiency. And in the guest uh in the uh case that Miranda was a guest for, we go into more detail on how Run as revenue has scaled with its ability to unlock additional creative testing capacity. >> I would also say it's particularly important on Tik Tok. Like it's important on every channel, but >> the degree to which creative concepts fatigue looks a little bit different across different channels. And Tik Tok is on where it's got so much upside when you have a new creative that really resonates, but then it fatigues very quickly. And so you've got to stay ahead of that curve. >> Yeah, 100%. >> Looks like Jane has a question. Can a small team execute multiple creatives? Not in terms of creation, but in terms of analysis. Yeah. So Jane, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but um when Runner's growth team was first starting out, they only had three people on the entire growth team. that has now scaled to more than 20 people, but they were able to get very far for a long time uh with a very small growth team. And part of that was because they just were leveraging these AI tools in order to be really uh lean and efficient about creating new content >> and you can analyze with AI as well. So you can tag all creatives with like or you can ask agent uh to take all creatives with like what's the background what's the um copy what's the like uh personas on on ad creatives and you can analyze it uh with the AI agent uh across all these parameters uh what's impact very well on like uh CTR and the whole performance. >> Yep 100%. And then this last example also features a creative team that's done very very well by by using AI tools similar to RA but also by highlighting their AI features. So Photo Room is one of the early movers in the photo editing and creative space and they had this background removal and background editing feature for a long time. But when AI came out in 2022 and 2023, they were able to significantly improve that feature. And so for a while, Photo Room was primarily generating revenue from users in the US and in Europe. And they had never really been able to crack markets like Mexico, Brazil, Indonesia because their unit economics just wouldn't support it. It cost them too much to acquire a user in those markets relative to the amount of revenue they were getting back in terms of LTV. Well, what happened was when they were able to launch this new AI powered background feature um and they really emphasized it in their um paid acquisition creatives uh and specifically optimized the first six seconds of their video ads to feature this this um new launch. It caused not only casts to drop significantly, but it also caused trial starts and subscriber conversion rates to go up, which increased LTVs. Um, so all of that meant that their unit economics improved radically and it actually unlocked the ability for them to move into new international markets like the ones that I mentioned before. Okay, so that covers um our four tips for value delivery. Um, and just to recap what those were, uh, we have number one, leveraging PLG loops to amplify word of mouth SEO and AEO. Number two, investing in community to drive organic growth through UGC. Number three, using AI tools to build and test hundreds of creatives per month. And then number four, we just talked about highlighting AI features to reduce CAC and unlock new markets. Um, Yan has a question here. What have you seen to be the main differentiator beyond innovation for apps like Quizlet and Study Fetch? Yeah, so obviously innovation is huge and and it's the cornerstone of value creation, right? If you're not building products and features that are new and different in any way, then you're not really creating incremental value. So that is the engine that is the that is where the engine for the subscription value loop starts. I would say one of the other things that that's become increasingly important though is distribution. So value value delivery and on my pod I'll share a link to my podcast at the end of this. Um there are a number of episodes I can point you to but um I I recently uh had an episode where I talked a lot about why um AI is making distribution more than important than ever because it has reduced the cost for software development. It has democratized software to the point where now you don't have to be a technical founder or even have a technical co-founder to be able to build a software product because you can buy code an app in a weekend and get it to market very quickly. So what that means is the bottleneck has moved from being able to build a great app to being able to distribute it efficiently. And that's why if you look at Quizlet for example, one of the keys to Quizlet success was it's just very very good at acquiring users for free through organic channels like SEO and word of mouth, which has meant it's been able to grow for years and years and years with much less outside capital than a lot of other companies because of these organic growth loops. Um similarly, I talked about Gamma. you know, Gamma just raised their series B, but they had actually spent almost none of the money that they had raised in their series A from Excel by the time they raised their series B. Why? Because they were growing through these organic loops, so they didn't have to spend money on paid acquisition. Okay, so let's get to our third and final step, and that is value capture. And I would say this is probably the most overlooked step in the loop. It's pretty obvious that you need to build a great product and you need to find costefficient ways to deliver it. I would say where a lot of earlystage companies fall down is they're overly generous in giving away way too much value for free, which means they're not recapturing enough value in the form of subscription revenue to reinvest in product innovation and paid acquisition. So it's really really important to strike the right balance there. Otherwise, you can get yourself in a pretty difficult place. So three tips here. Number one, offer two subscriptions with basic versus AI powered features. This is really really important because it used to be that the marginal cost of serving a subscriber for most traditional subscription apps like Duolingo or Straa was close to zero, right? Like it's just server costs. There's very little else that goes into serving the marginal subscriber. Yeah, you've got your fixed costs like your your employee costs and your healthcare benefits and office space and equipment, but in terms of marginal costs, it's next to nothing to serve the the incremental subscriber. Well, that's no longer really the case for AI companies because they're using compute costs with these underlying LLMs to support AI powered features. And so what that means is companies are having to really change how they approach monetization. And one of the specific ways they're doing that is they're they're offering two different subscription tiers now. One with basic features that don't require AI at a much lower cost and then one with AI powered features that's much more expensive because it has to offset those underlying LLM costs. And a great example of that is Dolingo. They were again one of the early partners with chatbt when they released their API in and they used it to build a set of AI powered features like roleplay and um video call with Lily that made their way into Dualingo Max which is their new AI powered immersive language tier. Okay. So that's number one. Offer two subscriptions with basic. >> Yeah. It's so obvious but uh like almost nobody uh it >> Yeah. I mean, and for a long time, like enterprise SAS businesses typically have multiple subscription tiers, >> but for the most part, for years and years, best practice was if you're a consumer app, only offer a single subscription tier because consumers don't have long attention spans and it's just too complicated. But I think that conventional wisdom is changing now because it's just not tenable to have a single subscription tier. If you if you only have a single subscription tier, then you're going to be overd delivering value for a lot of users who can't afford to pay for the AI powered tier and just want your basic features. But then if you give your subscription price away for too low to serve those users, then you're going to lose money on your whales who are using your AI powered features all the time. >> Yeah. >> All right. Tip number two is similar, which is limit trial links and premium offerings to minimize AI cost. So in the same way that you want two subscription tiers, a basic and an AI powered tier in order to cover your LLM costs, you also don't want to give away too much for free in terms of seven or 30-day free trials or premium offerings that are just too generous. And so more and more apps are moving from 7-day free trials to three-day free trials, which is the minimum that that uh the Apple App Store allows. Um they're also more tightly restricting their free product experience. So if you have a premium offering, they're not giving away as much for free. They're putting usage caps on AI features in some cases even for premium subscribers and then they're selling additional AI credits as inapp purchases. Um, and then that relates to the third and final tip here, which is charge subscribers for AI credits beyond a certain usage cap. I think for a long time it's been taken for granted that okay, if you pay for a subscription, it's just all you can eat. Once you pay for the subscription, you get everything. Whether that's tools in the case of a product like Dualingo or Straa or it's content in the case of a product like Netflix or Spotify or calm. Um but that now that's not always the case anymore. And so the example here is 11 reader. This is the consumer app built by 11 Labs. I actually just had Jack McDermott, who's the head of growth uh for mobile at 11 Labs on my podcast, and he talked about all the different payw walls and pricing and packaging techniques they've iterated through at 11 Labs for both their 11 Labs app for creators and their 11 reader app for consumers because they needed to make sure that they were offsetting these underlying AI costs. They have users who use their products 10 plus hours a day. And so even if they're paying for a subscription, in some cases, they're still unprofitable. They're underwater. if you're not setting a cap on usage or adding AI credits beyond that subscription cost. And so they've really innovated on their monetization strategy to make sure they're aligning the price of their product with the value and the cost that users are extracting from the business. Okay, so those are all of my tips across value creation, value delivery, and value capture. The three steps of the subscription value loop, which is my framework for growing subscription businesses. Uh before I turn it over to Andre here, I'll just wrap by saying um if I can ever be helpful, let me know. My website is just ggcarter.com. You can also find me at Phil Garter on LinkedIn X Substack. And then I have this subversive podcast that I launched last January. We've now done 34 episodes. I'll drop a link to it in the chat. Um each episode is about 50 to 60 minutes long uh with a founder, CEO, or growth leader at a top subscription app. We talk about specific strategy and tactics that top companies are using to grow, including a lot of AI companies. So, I hope that was valuable. I'll turn it over to Andre for the next five to 10 minutes and then we'll bring it back to Q&A. >> Yeah, thank you very much, Phil. Um, right. And um I'm I'm going to share some uh our review on how the AI is shaping is web area with a web funnels and uh web based user acquisition. uh as a web funnel uh became as a like the major um uh revenue stream for mobile apps uh with like 90% of uh revenue share uh compared to uh in appunnel um and um it's uh like obvious that the more funnels you uh you launch the more u personalization you uh you provide with the uh provide to to to your customers the more revenue you can grow and you eventually need to more need to launch more funnels, more creatives and etc. And uh building it with builders is kind of nightmare right now. And uh AI is changing this area as well. And even as we um uh we we were the first company who introduced a builder for uh web funnels in the market. And now we we need uh we need to admit that like builders are going to die. And the future uh is about prompts, about chats, about like more interactive um interface to uh to do software to um uh to build the like growth channels and u user acquisition funnels and uh but like using um like generic tools like uh cloud code or uh codeex uh could be like more generic for uh especially for building web funnels and uh it doesn't convert very well. So we um created a new vision for funnel fox with aenticide platform. We built everything uh rebuilt actually uh have been rebuilding right now uh funnel fox to be like a gentic platform and now we starting with like um uh first thing uh funnel builder where you can uh build the funnel with speed of a prompt. You can just uh chat uh type in the chat what uh describe what the changes you you want to make. Uh and it's a the builder will build it for you. Uh just the way uh it looks like this. You can um actually I can show you uh probably the the live demo what it looks like. Um one second. Well, this is for example the funnel of a letter that I built with a with a new uh AI agent. Here you can see here the chat where I can uh type the changes that I want to uh to make. And you can change everything here through the chat. It's basically like lovable for web to funnels. And for example, we can uh change let's change this uh options. And you can for example translate them to Spanish. And also you can you can change everything here uh like manually of course if you need to uh uh to add like some personal touch and uh uh make any tiny uh changes in your screens and funnels. uh and for uh for bulb changes or for more changes like adding screen or uh changing the content on the screen or changing pricing or adding more screens you can use the chat and for some routine uh actions it's uh it's a game changer and now we are waiting for uh translation and uh should translate it right now a bit longer. You can also uh as I mentioned uh change here like uh with a small correction in envir editing. You can uh also create new funnels for uh for some segments of users like create the funnel for uh for women, create funnel for uh for male audience and etc. So you can create different versions of the funnel. Uh and it all uh the AI agent will build everything with the context of a market with the best practices from the market. Oh yeah, here it is. Uh I translated everything here uh in uh into the Spanish. Um so and you can let me stop it. All right, go back to the slides. Uh yeah, you you can as as I mentioned, you can add, remove and redesign any screens. You can uh create localizations for for funnels and uh you can even uh replicate the the whole screen uh based on image. You can just attach the the screen of some example and uh it will clone everything and uh recreate the screen and you can change the pricing at upsell logic upgrade to sell additional subscription with AI agent as a as a few mentioned in uh in his slides. So and uh it's not uh yeah you you basically you don't need to build anything uh right now you can just uh use prompting and use plain English to uh to to create uh user acquisition channels uh user acquisition funnels and uh the funnel builder is not just uh is just beginning it's not only uh one thing that we rebuilding right now it uh will touch all parts of the platform AB testing, payments, uh analytics and uh optimization funnel. So basically uh funnel fox will know what to build for you and uh just um made the the comments that you uh uh ask them. Okay. Uh this is it. Uh we can go to uh Q&A section if we have any more questions. I saw a few more come through. Um, let's see. So, can selling additional AI credits to paid users backfire as a strategy? Uh, certainly it can. It's a great question, Jane. To me, the tight line you're trying to walk here is obviously the more value you give away for free, the better you're going to do in terms of net promoter score, product market fit score, long-term subscriber retention, word of mouth, almost being equal, like you're just building goodwill with your subscribers when you do that. But the flip side is if you have a large percentage of your subscriber base that is actually unprofitable because the amount of cost they're generating in terms of compute exceeds the amount they're paying you in their monthly or annual subscription, then you don't have a business. You don't have a viable business. And so at some point that's not sustainable. I would say the degree to which you want to go all in on just giving more away value away for free versus making sure you're charging for that value whether whether that's AI credits on top of subscription or otherwise comes down to a few factors. One is how big is the market you're going after and is it a blue ocean market or is it a highly competitive market. So an extreme case would be you know chat GPT versus claude or openAI versus anthropic right like they are the two largest labs models going up against Google and Gemini in this massive blue ocean market that is horizontal LLM lab and so in a lot of cases even though their products are expensive they're in in in some cases they're losing money on some of their most valuable users and subscribers or at least I'm that would be my conjecture um but it makes sense for them as a long run strategy because they're in a dog fight for market share and they don't care so much about squeezing out every last penny of profitability from the business in the short term. What they care about is being the number one player in the market because ultimately that's going to lead to a much larger enterprise value over the long run. So that's on one extreme end of the spectrum. But on the other extreme end of the spectrum, if you're a bootstrap startup or you're a solarreneur, you're a small seed or series A funded company, you only have so much capital. And if you're racking up these huge LLM costs, then you're going to run out of money. And so I think you just have to keep that in mind. Um, so that's that's one factor. Another factor is to what extent are free users or subscribers generating value for you that goes beyond the financial value you're getting from the revenue they're paying you. And so we talked about Quizlet before. In a case like Quizlet, even non-subscribers generate a ton of value for the business if they're highly engaged because they're talking to if they're a teacher, they might be sharing it with their class classroom, their students. If they're a student, they might be sharing it with their classmates or their friends or their siblings. Um, so that's word of mouth. They're also creating content in the form of digital flashcards called sets, which then get crawled and indexed by Google and drive a huge percentage of Quizlet's growth through organic user acquisition. And so another factor you have to consider is you know are these users generating non-financial value for your business in the form of organic user acquisition or other factors. So it's not a simple solution like you need to consider all of these different variables when thinking about how generous or not generous to be about giving away AI credits versus charging for them. But I would say up until maybe a year or two ago, the idea of paying charging your subscribers for additional usage beyond what they already did in their subscription would have been absurd. Like nobody would have really thought to do that. And that has now changed. More and more of the top AI companies are doing this. Um or they're just capping you. Like I'm sure many of you have used cloud and cloud code before. I think we've all had the experience where you're in claude code, you're doing some important project and then it's like you run out of credit. Sorry. you have to wait for five hours before you can start using the product again. So that's another option if you don't want to charge people. Okay, Pablo asks about basic and AI featured offers. Where do you think is the right moment in the user journey to show both tiers? Yeah, that's a great question. So um there are a couple of experts out there who talk a lot about payw walls and specifically payw wall placements. And this is oversimplifying it, but at a high level, the common areas to trigger a payw wall are before onboarding, immediately after onboarding, on subsequent app launches, whether that's every app open or, you know, one out of five, one out of 10 app opens or certain days of the week or so on and so forth. And then the last one is contextual upsells where you're actually triggering a payw wall based off of the usage of a specific premium feature. So at the very highest level I would say think about those four different placement opportunities for your pay walls before onboarding after onboarding. So see an app opens and then triggered off of current feature usage. And then as far as like which tier you expose to the user it depends on which placement we're talking about, right? So, like if it's pre-onboarding, you probably want to show both tiers because at that point, you don't know anything about the user or which tier they're more likely to be interested in. If it's at the end of onboarding, well, maybe you only show one tier or the other because depending on their answers to onboarding questions, you may already know this person is more likely to be a basic subscriber versus an AI subscriber. Or you show the tier that you think they want as primary, and then there's this tactic where you can put more plans at the bottom. And that way if you guess wrong, they could still click more plans and then you could show a side-by-side comparison. If it's on subsequent app opens, I would say the advantage there is, okay, now you not only have their onboarding quiz responses, but you also have all of their activity up until that point, which you can use to customize. Do we show them the AI tier or the basic tier? And then if it's a contextual upsell, then the answer is obvious, right? Because depending on which premium feature they engage with, if they're engaging with a premium feature that's only available in the AI tier, then obviously you're going to show them the AI tier. If they're engaging with a feature that's available in the basic tier, then maybe you show the basic tier, but you also say, "Hey, do you want even more features or more functionality? Consider upgrading to the the AI tier." Um, will there be a cap on prompts? So Travis, if you want to come off mute or or clar or expand on your question here, feel free. But otherwise, I'm just going to guess what you meant. I I assume what you mean is um when I talk about capping AI usage or charging subscribers for additional AI credits, what that means is at some point you just can't prompt the AI anymore. You have to pay money for additional prompts or pay money for more advanced prompts. >> Yeah, probably Travis uh uh address that question to me. regard the funnel fall that will we cap prompts on sorry I'm sorry >> final builder probably yeah I don't know I just just >> that makes sense >> yeah there's there was a there will be there will be a cap uh we'll introduce it a bit later uh yeah but you can of course like um extend this uh credits >> yep that makes sense to me sorry I missed >> your presentation all right and then Olay has two questions so what's a good benchmark for conversion rates for the web to app funnel. So, a couple things. So, one, I had mentioned this before, um, but in my Lenny's newsletter guest post, I include a link to a cool tool called the subscription value loop calculator. And the subscription value loop calculator allows you to compare the performance of your app against a number of benchmarks. Not just overall benchmarks, but benchmarks that are specific to your category and performance tier. So you can look at, if you're a runner, you could look at other health and fitness apps in the 75th or 90th percentiles and see how you compare. Or if you're Duolingo, you could look at other apps in the education category at the 90th percentile and see how you compare um in terms of specific conversion metrics. So, um, again, feel free to click on that link. Actually, I'll also provide a link to the underlying tool itself, which is a Google sheet that's publicly available. You can plug in your own numbers and use it um to see how you compare. I'll drop that in as well. But if I were to look at just um let's stick in the health and fitness category. So if I look in the health and fitness category 75th percentile um trial start rate um at the 75th percentile benchmark is 13% and trial conversion rate is about 54% which means overall install to paid conversion is 7% for health and fitness 7th percentile or if I wanted to look at like education at the 50th percentile okay well now trial star rate is 8% trial conversion rate is 37% install to paid conversion rate is 3% which makes sense because one, it's a lower performance tier, but two, education is a category where you have a lot of younger users that don't have as much disposable income, and so your conversion rates tend to be lower. So, as far as like web to app specific conversion rates, maybe Andre could provide more detailed numbers there. These aren't necessarily web to app exclusively. They include web to app onboarding flows. But I would say as a rule of thumb, like trial start rates, you you generally want trial start rates to be in the like 10 to 20% range. >> Yeah. Yeah. And but like the difference is that in web funnels uh free trial is not like a common practice. So usually it's like the subscription uh right away. >> Yep. Makes sense. >> Yeah. As a rough rule of thumb, I'd say like aim for roughly 10 to 20% trial start rate and roughly 40 to 50% trial conversion rate, which means you're in the like four to six% install to paid conversion rate range. And then obviously if you can do better than that, that's great. But that's a good place to start. >> Yeah. some because yeah it's average conversion rate like 3% in web funnels but it depends on on pricing and even creative for for different creatives it could be a different conversion rate. >> Yep. The other thing I'll say is um there's only really a couple great reports out there every year on subscription app benchmarks and funnelfoxy has one of the best. Um, specifically when it comes to web app funnel benchmarks, I think it's the very best. And so if you haven't already, you should check out that report. Um, what are the biggest levers to increase conversion in the onboarding quiz? What would you recommend to test first? Yeah, so onboarding, I mentioned this at the beginning. So we've worked with 35 clients since inception at Elemental Growth. Um, one of the first things we work on with almost every client is onboarding. And the reason for that is there's just so much leverage tied up into user onboarding because it not only increases activation rates, it also increases engagement rates, trial start and trial conversion rates, and long-term subscriber retention rates. It's all sorts of research that shows that the new user experience isn't just important for those first few day metrics. It's important for long-term retention for the entire user journey because you're setting the tone. It's your first impression with with a user. And so as far as what that means for the onboarding quiz, I would say there's a few things like one, making sure that you're asking the right questions to better understand your users and segment them into different groups. Number two, using that to personalize the experience. And the optimal personalization is going to be what I talked about with RUA where it's like literally the core product experience is adapting around that user's responses. But if you're not at the point yet where your company can support something that advanced, even things like what I call credibility building screens or social proof screens where you're inserting a couple lines that explain, hey, this product is built for users just like you who XYZ based off of their responses to quiz questions and then having a carousel of like three to five star app ratings or five star app reviews that are specifically dynamically generated to look like the type of user that just went through the onboarding quiz. is those are a couple tactics that any company, even if you're a soloreneur, you could be using and and those tend to be very effective because it means that your new users are feeling heard. They feel like, okay, this product understands me. It's not just treating me like a number. It understands my unique needs, and then it's showing me other people who've used the product successfully, gotten value out of it, who look like me, and it's telling me what I need to hear to believe that this product is going to generate value for me. So asking the right questions, personalizing what users see based off of responses to those questions. I would say onboarding length is a big one. I had a LinkedIn post about a year ago where I showed the difference between the All Trails onboarding flow and the new onboarding flow, which are at two in extreme ends of the spectrum. That's for good reason, right? All Trails already has a web product. So if all I want is to like find a trail, I can just look that up on Google and find an All Trails landing page and I don't need the app. which means if I'm downloading the app, it's probably because I'm already on the trail ready to record a hike. And so in All Trails's case, they keep the onboarding flow super short. It's basically registration page, upsell, payw wall, and then let's get started. In N's case, it's the opposite because they're trying to help people lose weight. In many cases, they're dealing with people who've tried all these other weight loss programs, weight watchers or whatever the case may be. they haven't worked. And so they need this long onboarding quiz or what's often referred to as a longboarding quiz in order to build motivation and ask questions and personalize the weight loss plan to really convince this user that this is going to work where all of these other attempts they've they've tried to lose weight have failed. And so it's two opposite extremes in terms of how long the onboarding quiz should be. And that is very much a function of who their target customer is and the problem they're trying to help that customer solve. >> Yeah. And on boarding on boarding quiz also could be uh could provide the value itself. Uh so for example this example with the weight loss if you show like um prediction how uh when they lose a lose the weight and uh hit the target target weight it's uh could be value for for users as well. So it's like it's answering this question and understanding this themselves why they want to lose weight, why they want to do that and uh and when they can do that it's uh it's already value itself. >> Yep. Absolutely. Yeah, that's right. Like in the best cases, you can actually generate value right away in the onboarding quiz. You don't even have to wait for them to get into the core product. You're generating value simply by asking them valuable questions, teaching them about weight loss and and certain strategies that will work and then convincing them that your personalized solution for them is going to work or others whether other solutions have failed. And then the last one is pay walls, right? Like having different messaging on the payw wall depending on how they respond to onboarding quiz questions. Um even potentially offering different prices. So having dynamic discounts based off of how they answer certain questions or the type of user they are. All of those are valuable strategies. I guess the last one and um I have a great podcast episode with Greg Stewart who's the CEO of Ladder, which is one of the top fitness apps in the country right now, specifically on strength training. He talks about how they predict the LTV of every user based off their responses to quiz questions. They've gotten it all the way down to the level where every incremental response to a quiz question gives you an incremental LTV value that they can use to sum up the total predicted LTV of a new user. and they pass that information back to ad networks like Tik Tok and Instagram and then they can use that to go after more highv value users based on those predicted LTV values. So those those would be five specific tactics for optimizing your web app quiz. All right, I think that answered everyone's questions. Maybe one thing one last thing I'll do real quick here before we wrap up is I'll just drop a few of the specific podcast episodes I had mentioned for those who are interested. Um, there was the one with Greg at Ladder. There was the one with Olivia Learie who's the CMO at Photomath. And then, um, the one with Miranda Payne at Runna. Um, I'll just drop those into the chat before we wrap up here if anybody wants to check those out. >> Yeah, check it out. That's like good podcasts. A lot of fun in sites. >> As I'm doing that, any other questions from the audience before we wind things down? Uh we have one more in app conversion rate uh uh versus web to app conversion rate which is better in future. What do what do you think? What would convert >> app conversion rate versus web to app conversion rate? Was that it? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean I would say it's been a little while since I looked at those numbers. My my sense from your latest Adapti report um Andre is that web to app conversion rates are actually showing higher conversion rates than mobile conversion rates in a lot of cases. Is that is that right? Do I am I correctly? And I think that's >> for a couple reasons. One is um just you're able to iterate faster on web which means companies can learn faster and optimize things faster which leads to higher conversion rates. Um, I think there may also be a dynamic where with web to app flows, you can use ads targeted to specific um, web to app flows and so you can customize your web to app flow a little bit more based off of the ad that a user came in through. Those would be of the reasons I would point to, but any others Andre that um, that you're finding? >> Yeah. So yeah, basic basically like the better attribution uh allows you to uh to optimize the whole funnel like from creative to uh on boarding fees and uh payments monetization uh very quickly and with a less budget and uh eventually you you'll get that like high conversion rate and also like flexibility with the like payment options and uh design of payo uh all the stuff like uh allows you to um uh to find like there's a good combination of all these parts and uh get a high conversion rate. But I I think that like it shouldn't be like um inapp or web to up uh uh into only one. It could be like combination of two uh two funnels like together. So you can run traffic on inapp funnel and a web funnel u at the same time. It's just u sometimes it's like it's different audience and you can tap different audience by this. Yeah, I think that's a great call out and uh we did a another webinar however many months ago with Marcus Burke and we talked about how as companies get larger and more advanced and they have more resources, they can run multiple web to app funnels in parallel. They can also run web to app funnels in parallel with mobile app onboarding flows and each one starts to become more and more customized and fine-tuned for specific user segments with specific and lots of needs. >> Surely u well thanks everyone for the time today. I did drop four specific episodes from the podcast that I had mentioned. The latter episode run a photo room and 11 labs. And so if you're more interested in some of the tactics I talked about today, those are some good >> Yeah. Thank you very much, Phil. It's really uh useful and interesting uh content. Thank you very much. >> Yeah, thank you for having me. Excited to see you all at MAU. >> Yeah. Um thank you. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LnBTech-Labs: Hi there, your content is awesome! I also create videos and find myself really inspired by your style. If you ever have a spare moment, I’d love to get your thoughts on a project I’m working on. No pressure at all, but your feedback would mean a lot!

- How to Grow app ues kaise kare in Foll course. Detail in Groww aap 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video we will talk about Go app. How to use G app, how you can trade in it. So simply friends, today we will talk about this in this video. How to use the Go app. How to buy and sell shares in this ? So you simply have to download the Go app directly from Play Store or App Store. I have downloaded it and kept it. So simply I will open it and when you open it for the first time, you will get the option of a set pin. You have to add a pin inside it. The PIN has to be set. So friends, apart from you, whatever is yours, if you complete all the steps in this, then you will also see a home page like this. So simply on its home page I will tell you everything about what you can do in it. Here you will see the option of NFT 50. Up here, you'll see Sussex from here. Nifty Bank Nifty will be visible here. Many indexes may be visible here. So if you click here, you will see names of many companies. You will see a lot of stocks here. Yes, in these you can simply trade and buy and sell shares. Here you can see that there are many companies. All these are available in Forex. And from here you can setup friends. But I have not done the complete setup yet because friends, now when you open it here, the search icon will be visible here. From here you can simply search for shares and if you want to search for any shares or stocks, then you can search for stocks from here, friends. Now friends, you must be seeing a lot of stocks here. This is probably the simplest stock here. This is FNO. This is where Bank Nifty comes in, friends. So I hope you have understood. And friends, here you will see the explore option. And here you will see a holding option. Simply friends, what happens is that if you have bought any shares, then you must have held them, so when you click on its position here, then your holdings of shares will be shown here. And here you will see the position option. Simply you will click on this. Here, the positions of your orders and the shares you have purchased will be visible to you. Simply here you will see the order option. From here friends, you will get all the information about how many lots and how much quantity you have purchased. The option of My Watch List will be visible here. In My Watch List, you will simply see which stocks you have traded in till now, the entire watch list will be shown to you here. Here in the Earn List also, the same work which is in the Watch List, the same thing will be visible to you here also in My Watch List. So don't be too company, friends. And as you scroll down, you will see many more company shares etc. here. Like Tata Invested will be visible and when you click on it here, I will simply show you the price of these shares of Tata company, if you want to know then you can simply see here what is the price, its current price is ₹10330.50, friends, so if you want, you can also buy its shares by simply clicking on buy and if you come down further, you will see the news option here. You will see the option of review and news. So friends, from here you can find out its news, how much percent the market has grown today, how much it has decreased, what is the prevailing price. You will keep getting information about all those shares on the news option. when you click on Invest from here, you will know from here how many people have invested in it. How many people have invested money in it? So you will get all these information from here and when you scroll down further, you will see today's low and today's high here. So friends, what happened? For example, if the company is open today, you can see here how much the company has made in high loss and high profit, like how much the price of the company has decreased in two days i.e. in one day, it will be visible here, so today you can see that the company had made a low of ₹85, ₹81, it had made the highest low and the highest high, the company had made the highest high at 10611 11.50 paise. So that means it has made the highest high today. And here you can see the low of 52 weeks, the high of 22 weeks and 52 weeks, you can also see the high profit and high loss of that company here. So what was the price at the open price from here? What was the price when the market opened in the morning and what was the close at the forward close? How much the volume of this company had increased, friends, you can see that Tata's share was 611.50 from 10,000 and its volume was around 54000, friends, its volume had gone to 54000, as you can see, its volume had gone to 54,000, friends, if you look at cricket, if you look at super cricket, then this is also the same thing but it has been divided. Highest Low is a little different. Friends, a little further down here you will see the option of Fundamental. So basically friends, what is fundamental? This gets a little advanced. So friends, we will talk about this in some other video. So friends, let's simply come down now. Let's come to the financials. On the financial side, you can see here how many people have done it, we do not skip it. And here you can see that the activity takes place simply in this manner. And now when you come down, you will see the option of FNO here. When you simply click on this, you will see FNO, you will see the shares of FNO here which you can see and if you want to invest in mutual funds through SIP then you can see all that here also, if you get 2000 likes on this video then I will make a dedicated video on SIP and mutual funds, so friends subscribe for 200, I will make a dedicated video on this, if you come to UPI then you can withdraw and deposit money in the app simply from here. So simply go to the cash wallet. You have to link your bank account with G App by clicking on Add Bank Account so that you can deposit the money from UPI in G App and start your trading journey friends. So if you like the video then subscribe to the channel. If you are visiting for the first time then like the channel. [music]

- GROW App Demat Account Process 2026 | Step-by-Step KYC, Verification & Activation: Kind: captions Language: en Hello friends, after a long time you must be seeing this video on this channel. I would like to say extremely sorry to you all for that. But I promise you that from now on you will not have to face any such problem. From now on, you will get to see continuous videos on this channel. In today's video I am going to tell you how you can open your demat account on Go app. To open a demat account on Go app, you basically need two documents. First of all you people need Aadhar card. Secondly, if you have a PAN card then easily your account can be opened on it. Now how do you open your account on this ? I will tell you the entire process from start to end. Friends, after clicking on the link given in the description box, you will directly reach a dashboard like this of Play Store. Here you simply have to click on this open option. But before that let me give you some information about this app. You will get a star rating of 4.8 for this app. You can easily place your trade in options like Buy Future & Option IPO, SIP, MTF, Intraday, Option Trading, Crude Oil in Demat Account Gold and Silver. You will get more than 10 crore downloads of this app. Now how can you download this app inside this app? I will give you its information. So first of all it will ask you for your mail ID. Whatever number of mail IDs you have open, whatever mail ID you want to submit in it, enter that mail ID. You are not getting any mail ID submitted here, that is, it is not getting shown because I have hidden it. It has been blurred. After that you will be asked your gender here. Here you can fill out your gender as per your choice like male, female, other etc. Second you will be asked about your marital status. If you are married or single, then put single. If you are married, enter married and proceed further. Now you will be asked about your occupation. Here you will be asked about your occupation. Like if you belong to the private sector , public sector , government, housewife, student. If you people have any option from this, then click on it and proceed further. Annual income will be asked. What is your annual income? Whether it is 1 lakh or more than 1 lakh , whatever is your annual income here between 5 lakh to 10 lakh, fill it out accordingly. After filling out, you will be asked how much experience you have in trading ? No experience one year, two years. Here you can fill out whatever experience you have according to your own. Then click on proceed below. Now you will be asked your mother's name here. So you have to fill out your mother's name in the PAN card here. Below you will be asked your father's name. So, whatever is your father's name in the Aadhar card, you have to write the same here. Now you will be asked here for bank verification, so you can do your bank verification through any mode like Paytm, Google Pay. ₹1 will be debited from your account. But within a short time that ₹1 also gets credited. That is just for verification as to which is your bank account. After successfully completing the bank verification, you will be taken to the Digilocker site here. He is brought here for KYC. So simply you people do not have to do anything. You have to click on this ticked option and then click on authentication. After that you will be asked for your Aadhar number here. Simply you have to enter the same Aadhar card number here. After entering the Aadhaar number, this captcha which you are seeing, you have to fill out this captcha here. As it is written here. Then simply click on Next. OTP will come. Fill out the six digit OTP and click on the continue option. You will be asked for a selfie. You can upload your selfie here as per your choice. But special care should be taken while taking selfies, that is, you should not give any selfie wearing a cap or glasses. If the light is right then your selfie option will be easily available here. After giving permission, you can easily give your selfie here. After giving the selfie, you will now be asked for your signature. So here you have to click on Proceed to Signature. After clearing your signature here, you will be asked for the nominee. Brother, your account will be opened even without this. But personally I would recommend you to put your nominee in it. You can also proceed further in the account by skipping it. Well, here in Nominee Nominee you have to enter the name of your nominee. What is your relationship with the nominee? You will get to see many options here like Mother, Father, Spouse, Brother. You have to enter his date of birth here. It is optional. You have to enter your Aadhaar number, enter it. Otherwise, it will work without it. And if you want to create more than one nominee, then you can simply add more than one nominee by clicking on Add Nominee Other. Now you will be asked here about the account, that is, whatever documents you have submitted till now, all of them will be visible to you in a paper format. Do n't do anything. Simply click on Sign Now. Now you will be asked for your Aadhar number again here. He has to enter the Aadhaar number here and click on Send OTP. Now you guys, 80% of your account is ready here. Now you people have to enter the OTP here. Click on Verify OTP. You will see the option of 'Down Document Sign Successfully' here. Meaning most of your work is done. Now here you will get the option that your account opening is under process. You will be able to invest in 48 to 72 hours. So now you can create your account in it and use it within just 2 to 3 days. Now after creating it, you will see a dashboard like this here. Let me show you guys. So brother, you will see a dashboard like this after opening your account. As you can see here equity and commodity, as I told you, you can also trade in crude oil here. You can see here that crude oil prices etc. are also visible. Your prices for natural gas, etc., are displayed here. Now you can also trade your crude oil by simply clicking here. You guys are watching this live, the market is still ongoing. Ok? So in this way you can place trades. How to use the Go app? If you are facing any problem, then tell us in the comment box. I will make a separate video for this also. Let me tell you. If you found this video informative then please like the video, subscribe to the channel and click on the bell icon for such valuable content.

- How to Use Groww App || Grow App Tutorial for Beginners (Full Guide 2026): Kind: captions Language: en hello guys and welcome back to another video we'll be teaching you how to use the Grow app for tutorial for beginners so first off what this girl you may ask so grow is a website platform it's an online web-based trading platform that provides its customers within enriching online trading experience platforms allows the clients to explore stocks mutual funds digital gold and place orders online track transaction and investing IPOs so if you're wondering if it's in safety investing rule well yes grilled dmat accounts are really safe so if you ask what dmat is so dmat is a vmat account is where you store your stocks in a trading account is where you used to trade your stocks so they're very very safe so they they are open with the essential depository service limited or more commonly known as cdsl so grow access and intermediate dream between the customer and the central depository so there you go guys that is grow so grow you shouldn't know how to understand and analyze the stocks that you're getting into so you should analyze the news basically uh check for websites whatever so here in grow you can actually see stocks and use so here you will see that there are different types of stocks that you want to look for so let's just say for now here in Tata Motors there are really a very fundamental details here such as the overview events and news these highs lows and here in the news there you go it will redirect you to another website so Tata Motors that was done on CNG variances as demand searches so that's a good thing for Tata Motors if you're an investor and you want to trade using grow so there you go guys that's an overview of what you should really do in stocks using grow so first off that you should actually do is go ahead and download the website so you're supposed to have your basic info you should have your photo around the password photo to be accept and you should sign up in forms you can do some other things too like um attach some documents are really useful for verifying your identity such as driver's license or voters ID so actually just go to the grow website or you can actually download it from the App Store but the fortunately it's not really available in my country so I'll just demonstrate it to you by word by word please just download grow and go to open it up then it will ask you for your phone number so just enter down your phone number and then there after you have entered your phone number it will ask you for an OTP which you will enter in their website order application once you have done that it will actually ask you to put in your basic info such as mail I mean your gender if it's male or female your basic date of birth your name first name last name and so on so forth so after that you can enter your bank details and such for the purchase and selling of stocks or buying actually the stocks then after that you should upload your passport sized photo after that it will ask you to record the 3 second video for your identity verification so unlike other requirements where they have to send a representative to verify if it's ready to you here you just have to record a three second video so that they will to be sure that it's really you who's entering your account and not a robot or something like that so after you have record your video you actually there that's why you place the other types of documents that you need such as your voters ID and other things that verifies your identity even further and lastly what not the least it will need your signature it will be placed online so just write it down a piece of paper white background perhaps then then just upload the photo and there you go guys so the next thing we're gonna discuss is how to buy stocks so basically how to buy stocks is just we have to search the stocks that we're gonna buy so let's just say Airtel there you go so there you go you will see that the range of stocks right here from high to low it's shareholding it's events overview everything else will be seen right here so you can see it's highest and lows you can see right there how much it has been gaining in the market recently and there you go so to buy shares just press buy now and it will redirect you actually but as I said it's not available in my country so I just saved say the instructions to you by step by step so to buy shares it will just say what type you want to buy if you want to buy shares through NSE just select that and then you'll have to select with you wanna buy it through the price limit or bye bye Price Market so by the price Market you will buy it by exactly how much it is right now but if you want a price limit for example it's 872 right here so when you set it to price limit to when it goes to 860 it will automatically buy it when it goes to 860 for you and there you go just add your money after that after adding your money you have it will have to be confirmed just enter your certain details that's needed and there you go you have bought the shares already so next up is our IPO so we just searched that up here so for applying for IPO let's just say you want to do this just apply for it but as I said it's not really available in my country so I cannot operate it here in my phone so I'll just show you or just tell you how to do it step by step so just apply to a certain IPO you want to buy stocks from so you would see there how much share you want to buy so you want to bid your price right there and then after that you will have to upload your UPN ID and there you go it will ask you to continue and then just press continue and then you go to confirmation slide and there you go it's just simple as that that's how you buy shares in the IPO it's just very simple the Google app is really easy to use since it's very simple interface very very friendly user so for commonly asked questions like what is the minimum amount to invest in The Grow app there is no minimum trading limit yet our the broker partner allows you to invest as little as 0.001 shares of any stock and that's how much you can really minimum to invest in grow and there you go so if you're asking what are the disadvantage of using the Grow app there are limited investment products with no option to trade in with the commodity and currency Center there's no call and Trade Services they do not provide stock tips research reports or recommendations but yet they're actually news there that you can monitor it from it's just really up to you so do not offer to invest in SME shares or companies listed on bsme I mean BSE or SME and NSE emerge platforms and to wrap it up that's how it used to grow up and thank you for watching this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @officialriyayadav2728: 👍🏻

- Shopify App Growth: The $100K MRR Blueprint for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, thank you for joining uh today. It's uh going to be a very very packed uh webinar uh because we're going to cover all aspects of uh Shopify growth. Uh usually I just target one of them. So today will be uh a lot to cover and uh this is uh the latest uh best practices based on what I see in the market right now uh for right now to grow your app. Uh so let's begin. Few words about me for those uh that don't know me well. Uh I'm a repeat founder. I founded uh root perfect which is a travel uh technology um um startup and uh convert tox and price which I'll uh talk about in a few words. Uh so price.io is uh Shopify app uh growth platform uh launched about 10 months ago. uh we have about 400 apps uh connected to price and I'll be showing you some things that you can do with price uh you can maybe do it in other ways as well but uh things you can do with price that are related to your growth uh for this presentation um and uh the reason I know something about growth is uh because I'm also uh founder of convertto2x.com which is a Shopify app uh growth consultancy uh it's been around for about seven years now And uh we've worked with uh about 100 uh Shopify apps on growth uh small big some of them. Uh so this is uh where the knowledge comes from uh both from what we did together and also from what I learned from uh all these uh founders and also what we can see uh that's working uh within the platform uh price. So, um, how do you grow your Shopify app to 100K plus in 2026? Or if you're already there, how do you keep growing? Uh, it's three pillars of growth. One of them is traffic. You need to feed the top of your funnel. You need to bring in uh uh relevant uh uh merchants. Uh so traffic and then uh you need to uh convert them. You need to take them through the steps of your funnel until they finish your funnel. And you need to monetize at some point. You need to ask them for money. They need to agree. And you need to take what you can take based on the value you provide and your competitive environment. So, uh why should you pay attention? Uh I'll just show you a few uh benchmarks that uh we have uh in price based on 400 apps that are connected. So uh from app store visit to new paying customer the conversion rate for the average app that's uh 2% for the top quartile that's about a little bit more than 50% uh higher and it means that for every lead that they get into their top of the funnel uh they get much more uh paying customers out of each one and uh uh uh Shopify app install value so the average is $43 the top quartile is 71 $1. And the ones the apps that are in the top quartile, they can aim uh they can be much more aggressive in uh Shopify ads for instance uh because they uh can be uh profitable even if their cost per install is much higher than the average app. And this is how they keep on growing. And the third uh point I want to show you here from uh from the benchmarks is that uh the Shopify uh uh app MR growth rate for the average app it's 42% per year. Not bad at all. But for the top quartile it's almost double per year. The top quartile of apps connected to price. So 100 out of 400. And uh these apps what they do is they nail their acquisition and the conversion and monetization and then they can grow and grow and grow. So this is why you should pay attention. Uh the structure of this webinar is uh the intro which we're finishing now and then uh we'll talk about user acquisition and then we'll talk about monetization and pricing. Uh after that funnel optimization and that's it. Then I'll take some uh uh questions. So throughout the presentation if you have questions like I said just uh uh put them into your uh um uh into what you see uh in the webinar and we'll I'll I'll address them at the end. So uh user acquisition for user acquisition the main traffic sources that uh Shopify apps uh use uh are uh ASO app store optimization or app store SEO uh Shopify and I'll I will uh talk about this in detail. Shopify search ads, uh, Google search ads. I will talk about all three of these in detail. And then, uh, I see many apps experimenting with meta and, uh, Reddit. Uh, since I have access to, uh, data for many apps. Uh, I can see that, uh, I haven't seen I don't look at all the apps, but sometimes I look to see other things, but uh, uh, I don't see many succeeding with meta. I don't see many succeeding uh, uh, with Reddit. I don't see any success with Meta or with Reddit to be honest. So, um I'm not going to develop this in this presentation. Uh those that are trying, good luck and hopefully you'll succeed and uh and we'll learn from that. But so far, I haven't seen. And of course, you can also uh do partnerships, affiliates, and many other marketing uh activities. I just won't deal with them in this presentation, but of course uh they can be effective. So, we will talk about uh App Store SEO, Shopify Search Ads, and Google Search Ads. So let's start with app store SEO ASO. The problem with uh Abster SEO uh is that uh on the one hand it's hard to prioritize keywords to target. it's uh you know maybe the first two three it's not so hard but then when you talk when you uh get uh uh lower and lower in uh um in a keyword list that you want to target it's hard to know uh which ones uh work better, which ones have more volumes, uh which ones you should target, which ones are most effective. And uh also uh once you know the keywords, it's uh uh hard to know how to optimize your listing for them. uh because your listing is uh is very much affected by how you uh what you use how you use your keywords uh but uh it's it's hard to know exactly what what to do with it. So I will try to make it clearer uh in this webinar and the result of all this is that uh uh uh apps m app developers miss traffic and they get fewer installs which is not what we want. So step one is uh to prioritize your keywords. Um what you need to know what the one of the most one of the two most important parts is uh volume and uh for volume at the moment the best thing to do is kind of a hack uh is to look at uh Shopify ads and uh go into one of your campaigns which has a lot of data. So maybe looks back at a year or maybe more uh but a lot of data and then uh it's very useful if you have a lot of words in uh exact match because then you'll have exact uh details and then what you can do is you can uh uh rank them by impressions and um and uh uh write down how many impressions each keyword has and then you can also uh capture how much visibility each keyword has and you take impressions divide by visibility And this gives you uh a sense of the volume that at least you can see for the period you're looking and whatever uh countries you're active in and so on. Uh so it doesn't give you the full volume of uh searches but it gives you uh the volume uh for your campaign and then what you can do is you can uh do this for each keyword and you can rank them in relative volumes which should reflect the real uh relative volumes uh out there that are possible. So, uh, uh, just to make this completely clear, let's say you have, uh, 1,000 impressions, but you have, uh, 50% visibility for your ad. It means that there are actually 2,000 searches, but you only get 50% visibility. So, you do impressions divided by visibility to get to the relative number of searches. And based on this, you can uh rank the keywords by volume. But volume is not enough because uh maybe some high volume keywords uh are just not so relevant for your app and you don't get installs, you don't get uh uh paying customers. So the next thing you need to look at is uh quality. So quality um you can see some data in uh in Shopify ads for sure, but you can also get uh really deep data including revenues by keyword uh for Shopify ads in price. And it looks like this. I had to cover the keywords because this is a real app. But you can see uh for each keyword um how much revenues it had. And you can see uh app store visits, installs, subscriptions, new paying customers, conversion rate, and lifetime value uh and some other things. But this is the important part for uh for the value. So you want you want to see how well they convert and how much revenue you got from each keyword. So this this together with the uh the um the volumes um lets you see what are the best uh keywords to target in terms of volume and uh value. So you can move up the ones with high quality and high volume uh in priority. And ultimately uh you want to sort your keywords uh in uh uh one, two, three uh in tiers of uh first priority, second priority and third priority. Uh I like to do five keywords per tier, but you you know you can do whatever you feel is right. Uh just uh that the the listing in your app your your the co the content space in your app store listing is very limited. So um you have to limit also uh how many keywords you put in each tier. So I think five is like the maximum for tier one and two three you can go with more more keywords. Um, if you have a new app, if you don't have many reviews, if uh you don't have many installs, uh, then my suggestion to you is to focus on niche keywords first because if you go for short tail, you're just not going to be on the first page or even if if in the first page, you'll be at the bottom of the page, which is not going to give you uh many clicks. So, uh try to own uh one, two, three uh second, third order uh keywords. And then as you grow in installs, reviews, then you can move up uh in terms of uh uh how short the tail of your keywords is. So that's uh about the prioritization. And then the next thing is to optimize your listing. So what does that mean? It means you need to write your copy uh in a way that uh places the keywords by priority. So uh the top priority placements in your app store listing are your app name where you have 30 characters uh which is the number one uh real estate for SEO and then after that is subtitle with 612 characters and after that is the intro. So what you want to do is you take your top keywords and you make sure that they're placed uh in these places uh actually even more than one. So you might want to take your number one keyword, put it in your name. So app name plus number one keyword plus more if you have space and also maybe subtitle or intro at least two of the three and then you have uh uh and then it's strong and you might want to also put it in other places but you you for sure want to put it in the top priority places if it's a top priority keyword. And then for the third priority keywords uh you can't all you can't fit them all in this limited amount of characters around less than 200 characters in total which is uh not many words I won't count now I'll calculate now uh but you can take and then the lower priority ones you uh push into the description which is uh lots of space 500 characters and the bullets which is also lots of space five bullets times 80 characters each. Uh so this is where you push your lower priority keywords and also you take your top five priority keywords you add them uh in the Shopify uh partners admin there's a place to add the top keywords and you also optimize in the same way the SEO title and description for Google search which will bring you some uh traffic from uh Google search uh so while you're doing it do that as well but in the same format so you take your top priority keywords and you put them in the top priority of your SEO title and description The third step is to monitor and uh optimize. So, uh it's pretty amazing, but uh an hour or even less really after you change your uh listing, you'll be able to see uh ranking changes. Uh but uh to be sure, uh wait a day or two and uh and then look there. And uh if you see uh that uh some short tail keywords you were going for you're not on the first page or if you see that uh some other keywords that you meant to promote uh you're not where you want to be then maybe do some iterations uh you just change copy like I said minutes later uh your position has changed so you can see what's working uh until until you optimize to the fullest but even after you optimize to the fullest uh in in one one session that you have uh things change over time. You get uh more installs, less installs, uh new reviews, uh you have more competitors, uh you have new keywords uh that uh that look promising, uh you drop on some keywords and you don't manage to go higher. So, uh you should be tracking this uh your keywords ranking over time and uh looking for opportunities and you should be optimizing your uh listing periodically. uh because it's dynamic. So that's uh about uh SEO uh ASO. Let me show you an example so of of uh like I said we I also have an agency. So this is uh work uh of the agency for ASO and this is a real app that uh had uh uh this data. This is a screenshot and most of the screenshots I'll show you are from Price. Uh so uh we're looking at Shopify search traffic only. And you can see here uh August, September and October um in uh se on September 29th they made the changes. So the same process first of all uh keyword prioritization and then copy changes for the listing. They actually implemented it on uh September 29th. So we can say all of September is the old version and all of October is the new version. And they had here about 200 uh visits from Shopify search. And here they had uh two and a half times 500 uh visits from Shopify search. And more importantly, if we look at uh installs, which is what we really what's we want uh paying customers, but this is installs are are closer to that uh what we to to to that. Uh so for uh in uh in September they had uh uh 53 I remember this number 53 installs and then October 154. And actually I can tell you guys that they kept this in uh uh November and December. So in fact they got three times almost the installs or 100 extra installs a month which they keep just by doing this keyword prioritization and copy optimization one time. I they haven't changed it since and they kept uh all this all these extra installs. So that's uh SEO or ASO. Let's talk about uh paid search. So uh a poll. Let me ask you guys uh to do a poll. Just give me a second. Which ad platforms do you use? Let's see where I can send you this poll. Give me a second. All right. Okay. So, you can check more than one and please uh uh submit and send it and I'll share uh the results with uh everyone. Okay, anybody else voting? Last chance to vote and be heard. Okay, I'm going to publish the results. So, hope you guys can see. I have another screen so I can see. See? So, uh almost everyone uses uh Shopify ads. Not surprising, but that's what makes it uh so competitive. Uh more than I expected use Google ads. So, great. Uh so, not many use met ads and I hope it's working for you. Or if it is, please share and Reddit ads the same. LinkedIn and none only one. So interesting. Okay. So let's continue now with the presentation. So let's talk about Shopify ads. Uh the challenge in Shopify ads uh is that the competition is intensifying all the time uh from existing apps and also from uh new apps entering the ecosystem every week. I I watch it every week. It's crazy how fast it's growing. Uh it used to be on a big week was 50 new apps released. Now easily it's 150 a week. So competition is intensifying and you guys feel it. Um and this means that the ad costs are rising fast and ROI is under pressure. Uh so you know to succeed you need to optimize and uh to optimize these are the steps. So step one um use both exact and broad. Exact lets you control uh the bid for each keyword and you use this you do this on the keywords that are proven and you know you want them exactly and broad lets you uh capture permutations of these keywords. So maybe typos maybe these keywords plus more keywords uh and often you get very very good uh uh clicks uh for cheap this way. So you want to have broad but the problem with broad is that you also get a lot of garbage. So, you need to review your Shopify ad search terms report weekly. Uh, the way I like to do it is you go to I go to search terms and then I uh sort it by uh spend. And when I sorted by spend, it shows me all the ones that were that money was spent on and uh by priority of spend. And then uh and then the next thing to do is to add uh irrelevant terms as negative keywords. Um, for high performing keywords, you want to uh increase the bids, maybe put them in uh uh exact if they came from uh broad uh and the ones who are not so good uh you want to lower the bids. Um, Price has a I think a cool feature that allows you, well, it's a cool feature you'll see in a second uh that allows you to add uh new uh keywords uh to uh to your campaigns to your uh account and the way it does it is uh it uh looks at um first of all where it says keyword is really search terms. So, price looks at search terms. So it captures uh many permutations, many many typos. Uh, and then what it does is it looks at uh the last 30 days of your Shopify ads and uh um all keywords and all keywords that have some signals of uh value which means maybe they have revenues or maybe if they don't have revenues they have subscribers or installers for apps that are not like this one that have revenues even on the apps they on keywords they don't target. Uh so um uh it shows you a list of uh keywords that have signals of quality and then uh you can uh it doesn't show here in the screenshot but you can download these keywords very easily and then you can copy them with uh commas in between which is the way to enter them into Shopify ads and then you stick them into Shopify ads every couple of weeks uh and then you have a new uh campaign which is uh new keywords and you're growing all the time in keyword keywords by capturing these uh search terms which come from your data. Yeah, these are search terms that came from your data that uh have some signals of quality. And uh what this means in terms of uh your results is is this is this is one example. They're not all like this, but this is a good one. Uh so what you have covered here is the main campaign for this app uh in a period of time. And uh in the main campaign they uh got 117 installs for uh an average one second for an average of uh $10 per install. Okay, this is from their main campaign. 117 installs for $10 per per install in their price suggested keywords campaign which every two weeks uh adds new keywords that come from price uh from the key new keyword suggestions. uh they had almost the same amount of installs at a third almost of the cost per install. So they almost doubled their reach in terms of uh installs but the second half of uh their doubling came at one/ird of the cost per install. So altogether lower cost per install. So, it's very useful to find these uh search terms that are hiding, including typos that you can then cover in your uh uh in your uh Shopify ads and make sure your competitors are not taking and you get this traffic for really uh you get the installs for really cheap and they're high quality installs. So, that's uh Shopify ads. Let's move on to Google Ads. So for Google ads, the opportunity is that because Shopify ads are crowded and costly. So while Shopify ads are crowded and costly, Google ads uh allow for cheaper traffic because there's less competition as you guys saw in your own poll. Uh less Shopify uh app developers actually go for Shopify for Google ads. But uh the problem is uh that uh in the past there was some uh hacks around this but no more. you must add uh Shopify as a as a negative keyword as a phrase match negative. Uh but the opportunity uh despite this problem is is Google Ads AI and Google Ads AI does just amazing things. So uh before we look at Google Ads AI AI and we will in a second, let's uh let's look at uh the setup for a second. So to set up uh you have to have uh Shopify as a phrase match negative. So, you have to do this in your campaign. You can start without, but within uh weeks to very few months, you're going to get a letter from Shopify asking you to do it. And if you don't, they're going to yeah, you better do it. So, you might start without, but eventually you have to anyway. Um, and then what what do you do if you can't use Shopify? So what you do is you target uh kind of generic searches which don't say the word Shopify because you can't use the Shopify searches inventory for e-commerce and you can you can develop this for many many more and uh to make sure you're not wasting uh your uh funds on other platforms. So if you're going you you can add uh all the other uh platforms as negative keywords. Uh and if you if you want a list of these negative platforms I have it. to just ping me after the after the webinar and not send you uh big list over 100. So, you can add them as uh as negative keywords and then all the searches that have them uh at least you're not going to appear for them. Um and send the clicks to your app store listing uh both for because it's one less click than sending to your uh uh landing page and uh because you can do tracking all the way with price and I think with other tools as well. Well, maybe not all the way with other tools, but you can do tracking uh quite deep uh if you send to your app store listing. And a third reason is that when you send your uh your uh Google ads to your app store listing, uh if you have this URL apps.shopify.com and then the the specific URL of the app, then automatically uh Google uh see this is a sponsored this is sponsored. So, it's a it's a it's an ad. automatically Google adds the the bag icon and adds the word Shopify. Uh and this will also appear in well no doesn't have to appear in bold but anyway it says app Shopify. So all these are signals for the merchant that even though they didn't specifically say Shopify this is a shop this is from the Shopify ecosystem. So you would get less not completely none but uh less clicks of uh the wrong kind of traffic because uh with Shopify with Google ads especially if you can't say the word Shopify you do get clicks that uh that are not really for the Shopify ecosystem. They're not merchants or they don't want to be merchants so it's not relevant. Uh but we'll talk about how to how that works anyway. Um and then the second step is enable Google Ads AI. So you start with uh manual CPC until you have about 30 conversions and then when you have uh enough data when you have enough conversions then you can start running Google ads AI and Google ads ads AI is the huge ROI secret of uh doing Google ads. uh this is research done by uh third party uh on uh thousands of 15,000 uh Google ads uh accounts and uh what they found is that and and what's relevant here is uh uh the bidding strategy and the rorowass which is return on advertising spend exactly the same as ROI and what you can see here is that uh and each of these rows is thousands of accounts yes you can trust this data so what you can see here is that manual CPC on average 137%. You spend a,000, you get back a,370. And maximize conversions, maximize clicks, target impression share in the same neighborhood. But what jumps out completely out of the ballpark is maximize conversion value, which has a ROS of 575. And maximize conversion value is a strategy that uh requires Google Ads AI. This is the strategy that Google ads ads AI does. What it does is it has a function that says maximize the value of the conversions that uh that uh you provide and then on uh uh hunting uh for the click side uh it does it takes whatever signals it has about uh the the user without knowing the user personally but whatever the history whatever it knows I I don't even know what it knows but on the other side it needs to have feedback uh to see if what it what it's sending thing is uh is uh quality and how much quality is each click click to know how aggressive to bid for such clicks in the future because it's learned. So um so to explain this uh Google ads ads AI works only if it gets the right feedback just like I said and the more accurate the feedback uh the better the AI performs and keywords are not all created equal for for a specific app. So uh one keyword might have a lot of value another keyword might have less value uh and also whatever you whatever happens after the install is relevant. So um what Price does is it sends uh deepfunnel events uh installs or app installs not just the clicks but the actual installs on Shopify uh subscriptions so when somebody agrees to your terms either starts a free trial or if you don't have a free trial just agrees to your terms and then when there's an actual payment so when there's uh when they actually make a transaction which Shopify collects and pays you um and uh what price does is it calculates precisely uh each event by the keyword that it came from. So it looks like this. This is price conversion value reporting. You have uh the app install, the subscribe, which usually is also the start trial and the paying customer. And uh you can choose to send custom values. Sometimes that's relevant when you're starting out when you're still building your values. But uh when you have enough data over time in your bitquery and uh price increase from your bitquery uh so even if you start price now if you have data in your bigquery you're back you'll have these values right away. Uh so um uh what price does is it calculates the value per each specific keyword and it sends the exact values to uh to um uh Google AI and uh when the AI gets the optimal feedback the AI delivers optimal results. So that's how it works. And uh um for ongoing optimization in your Google ads uh you refine you should refine your negative keywords weekly. uh you add uh new keywords from price and Google suggestions and you test you should test AI based campaign types and you track track your uh rust directly in Google ads and this is powered also by price data and I'll show you in a second how this works. So, uh, even though the it doesn't say the cost per click. So, did I cover this part or did I forget just to say that? One second. If not, I just want to make sure I don't forget to cover it. No, I didn't I must have forgotten to put it in the conversation. So, I'll just say it now. The the reason uh um Yeah, forgot to say. So the reason uh despite the fact that uh uh that uh Google ads uh traffic converts much less than Shopify ads traffic uh and it and it still makes sense. There are two reasons. One is uh that the clicks are very very cheap relative to the in Google ads relative to Shopify ads. And the second reason is Google Ads AI. Then when Google Ads AI takes control of uh the bidding, the clicks are crazy low. I'm talking about single cent uh uh like 15 cents, 17 cents. I even we have even accounts where it's single uh digit cents per click and still gets amazing ROI results. So uh in action, so this is one one account you can see here. Uh uh so this is just to show not the how the ROI the how the um how the AI works but uh how you can see their ROI in Google. So uh because uh uh uh price sends the data both to power the AI and uh so you can see their ROI. So you can see the cost for these two campaigns. You can see how many conversions cost per conversion and then you can see conversion rate and you can see the conversion value. conversion value is the sum of all the events that are sent uh based on the traffic that was uh sent and then what Google ads does is it it takes the conversion value total value of uh the events divides it by the cost and uh does the return on advertising spend or their ROI. So this is exactly how you see it here. Um that's it for uh Google ads. Uh the next one is uh monetization and pricing and uh this is a quote from Bessemer. Uh pricing is the most common untapped growth lever. Let's talk about opt out versus uh opt-in uh benchmarks. Um opt out means that uh you take the credit card from the merchant or from uh the potential customer. And this is in general what you see these uh benchmarks. It's not it's not just for Shopify uh uh apps. So um the the visitor to trial conversion rates for um opt-in trial which means sorry from premium is uh about 15%. Uh there's two different uh types of uh traffic. We we don't care. So about 15%. For uh optout trial which means you start the trial you know you will have to pay afterwards but uh they don't take your credit card ahead of time. they'll ask you for your credit card and you'll start paying afterwards. So, it's a little bit more friction than premium and you have u much lower uh entry into the free trial into the trial. And the worst is uh opt out trial. And what does opt out means? Opt out means that they take your credit card when you start and then you have to opt out of the trial in order not to pay. Okay, here you have to opt into the trial in order to pay at the end of the trial. here. By the end of the trial, you need to stop your uh uh free trial in order not to pay. And of course, this is the most friction because you ask uh your uh customers for their uh uh credit card. So, it's very difficult to get them uh into the uh into the trial. Um but what happens after they start the trial? after they start the trial or after they enter the Yeah, after they start the trial uh for fremium uh it's very very hard to convert them into paid customers. It's very very hard uh very small con uh amount uh become customers for opt-in it's a little bit better in the teams but for opt out if you got their credit card in the beginning for opt out this becomes crazy 50%. Okay. So, why doesn't everybody go for opt out? Because when you do two two and a half times 50%, you're still going to be lower than premium or opt out. But this is uh in the wide world. This is not the case in Shopify. In Shopify, you don't need to take their credit card. You don't have all this friction. Why? Because Shopify has their credit card and Shopify does your billing. So there is no step where it's where you have to ask the merchant to give you the credit card. And this means that you can take advantage of uh the uh the statistic that you see here, the opt out statistic, which is also true for Shopify, it's true everywhere. Um because um because you you make the decision in the beginning uh the the decision doesn't involve pulling out your credit card and uh and then you're you have uh um what's the word uh um sorry I forgot the word but you keep on going there's a word from physics uh you inertia and then you have inertia uh in do nothing and if you do nothing you become a paying customer and this this these are stats and they also are very similar to what you have in Shopify. I'll show you in a second. Uh for Shopify apps of course. So what opt out means for Shopify apps? It means no free plan. So premium no uh it means that uh to start a trial you subscribe. So you want to be in a in a trial you're opt out and you don't have to pull your credit card. You just need to agree this is my plan. I will pay either $9.99 or a maximum. So this is the third option if usage based max fee or subscription. So I will pay either whatever the tier I decided on which is not free but I start with a trial or the max uh which is which I also will start with a trial usually. Uh so this is what it means uh to do opt out. And if we look at monetization benchmarks and monetization for me is moving from uh the install step to the subscribe step. So this is based on the apps connected to price. Um the average is 30% but almost no apps are in this area. Uh and the top quartile is 50%. So let me describe to you what I see as uh the apps connected to price where they are. So, the ones that are uh uh premium are usually between zero and uh 5%. And I promised you a story, it's coming now. And the ones that are uh um tiers and maybe a little bit of premium, but uh hardly usable premium. So, they they optimize all this. They can be in the teens. And then almost nobody in this area. And then the next batch is around 50% which is where you have the 100 of the uh 500 uh apps connected to price. So quite a few of them. And what they do special is that they have no free. Uh even if they do have a free plan, it's free plus uh kind of metric that you measure that is not really free. So they go through usage based. Uh so they can be pure usage based, they can be tiers, they can be single tier, but no free. And this is where all the no freeze uh hang out at 50% and higher the top quartile. Okay. So, how do you optimize multi-ter pricing? Even if you have uh no free uh or usage base, you're still going to show something. And often this is multi-tier pricing. So, uh best practices are use one metric, maximize maximum two. Don't use too many metrics. Don't do metrics plus uh plus uh uh features. it just becomes uh very confusing and uh uh and adds friction and then the merchant doesn't know what he's going to get and uh it uh reduces conversion rate. Um analyze your current customers to optimize your tiers. Uh show your uh low tiers. Uh so what this means is that uh uh take your customers put them in a uh on a do some analysis on them and see how many fit into let's say up to 10 uh orders a month up to 50 orders a month up to 100 and then break it down so that you maximize your aru you can model all this uh and then uh when you show the pricing in uh Shopify uh in your app store listing show the low tiers uh and hide the the more more expensive plans under CL pricing options. Um, and if you have no free, uh, you can offer free for development stores. So, let me show you a good example. So, uh, this is an app that has no free plan, but it seems to have free. And the free is really just for partner stores and development stores. So, they get the benefit of looking free and also getting the badge of free at the top and also in search results, but they don't really have a free. And you can see from zero to 50 orders they already have a pricing plan. And uh if you look at their uh pricing it goes only by one thing which is uh monthly uh store orders. They have pretty much they have all their features open to all the plans. It just goes by order. So it's very clear to see how it works. And obviously some apps are going to have more than 200 orders and which means they're going to have to pay more. But this is hidden under co pricing options. So what uh uh the merchant sees are your very friendly prices and uh there's less friction in continuing the uh the process of uh install. So the last piece uh we'll touch on is uh excuse me is conversion. Uh we'll go quickly because running a little bit out short on time. So uh I say that funnel optimization is your best growth hack. And why is it your best growth hack? because uh funnel conversion is a series uh of multiplications. So in fact if you multiply if you improve by 50% in one step it's the same as 50% in another step and it's the same as 50% on the whole funnel. Think of it as uh x * y * zed and you do 1.5x it's the same as 1.5xy z. So uh 50% or 20% or whatever percent in one step is is is the same for overall. And if you do uh multiple steps with multiple improvements, then it accumulates. And if you do a 50% uh increase in conversion rate, that's equal to uh increasing uh 50% by all traffic sources. So whatever you're getting now from search or from organic search, you're going to get 50% more installs. Whatever you get from uh Google ads, you're going to get 50% without doing anything else, without paying more for this traffic. So this is why I say it's the best growth hack if you have it. If you can improve your funnel and most apps can uh and also if you improve your funnel you can be more aggressive in marketing because that you're more uh um efficient in converting uh visits into paying customers so you can bid higher. So this is how uh price uh shows your uh funnel uh as a series of uh steps uh from app store visit to click install from click install to install app. This is the the event on the Shopify side from install app to subscribe. This is when uh the merchant uh agrees to your terms. And from subscribe to the actual paying payment event which can come month to month and a half after subscribing uh and uh not everybody who subscribes obviously becomes a paying customer. So it's important to know which ones do. And it shows for each app where you are relative to the uh mean and the top quartile. So you can quickly and easily see uh which step of the funnel you need improvement. And you can see this app must have uh a kind of uh uh tiers with minim minimal uh premium uh based on the conversion rate and we discuss how that can improve. Um so the next step so the the next thing I want to talk about is uh app store page conversion optimization. This is uh just for visitors coming to your app store listing. How uh how you well you convert them into uh installs. Uh the average is 20%, top quartile uh uh apps uh uh convert 50% higher. And what what helps you convert? Uh review count and score. Uh everyone tries to increase reviews. So there's nothing you can do about this in the short term. You're always trying to improve of course. Uh the next thing is uh good use of uh visuals. So here's a good example by an excellent app called uh upsell.com. So uh you can do you can put anything you want in these visuals. If you have a video, it doesn't need to be a screenshot of the video. But the clever thing that these guys uh did is they understand that there are some elements if you have a video that you can't touch like this thing, this thing, this thing, and this thing. So this is doesn't help you but this thing can help you the the name of the uh video and they work around all these elements to give you a value proposition to to help you understand what the product does to give you some uh um um trust elements and to show you exactly uh use cases of where you can use their product all in one image on top of their video. So very effective and in this in the part of the screenshots on the right the important thing is to have copy that helps the user understand and get persuaded uh which is big enough to see without needing to open because few will actually open. So it needs to work together with this to uh persuade uh the merchant. So that's good use of visuals uh persuasive copy quick example. So this is a value proposition uh collect and display product reviews and star ratings. build trust and boost sales with social proof. Uh so it's not very strong for SEO because it doesn't have many strong many SEO keywords but it's very strong for persuasion uh as a value proposition. So it's important to convert uh to have persuasive copy. Uh and also the other thing is pricing and presentation. Uh we I showed you an example so no more examples. The next one is install to subscribe. So this is uh the steps between app install and subscribing. We already said that we want uh default subscribe but what are the steps to put in between uh these two points. So uh uh in terms of conversion rate we already discussed we won't discuss again. So uh we want default descri subscribe which means no free which want which means we want the merchant to subscribe in order to start a trial. Uh and what we want is to minimize the steps uh the most I recommend and do on boarding after subscribing. I've seen all kinds of uh things like full on boarding before subscribing or of course if you have premium that you then it makes sense okay but uh but if it's not premium I've seen examples and many on boarding so you have a few steps and uh all kinds of things the idea is to minimize steps and the most I think you should have and also that's optional uh only if you have tiers you have to have it but if you have uh uh maxima maximum with uh usage base you don't have to have it is a pricing page. So you have install app and then maximum pricing page and then go straight to the subscribe page. Uh on boarding after subscribing. So the next one is and the last one and the last one we'll do before we take some questions is uh subscribe to new paying customers uh conversion optimization. This is after the merchant subscribes. Usually it means they started the free trial. Uh how do you maximize the conversion rate? So in terms of uh uh benchmarks you can see that uh the mean is just over 40% top quartile is 55%. So how do you get as high as possible? Um it's all about on board mostly about on boarding. So for on boarding of course we're not going to get into it in this presentation. So just some some key ideas simplify and minimize steps. um embed. So do the Shopify look and feel and the types of buttons and also uh some things that you do in Shopify that al in your on boarding that also affect Shopify uh for the merchant uh or built for Shopify which is a deeper way to do it. Um throughout the onboarding easy access uh to support or live chat or knowledge base uh and in your on boarding you must take your merchant to a point of value that they're trying to get to. Uh so they have finished everything. It's working for them and they're going to start seeing value either immediately or very soon and it should end in the dashboard. I've seen many uh uh on boardings which end somewhere and the there's a dashboard also somewhere and there's no connection. So the onboarding after you've done everything to get your at least first campaign or first thing that your app can do uh rolling you take them to the dashboard which is their homepage for your app and everything should be accessible from there. That's it. Uh hope you uh had a good uh webinar. I'll take some questions. Uh if you have anything that you want to ask me directly, you can send me an email. This is my email. Uh and I urge you and invite you to connect your app to uh price. And now we're a little bit less than 10 minutes, but I'll take some questions. So if you have questions, please now is the time. So let me just see the questions. Hold on a second. I get up. Okay, so questions. Just one second. All right. Yes, there will be a recording for to all of you and thank you for all that stayed until the end. Uh, if the app doesn't have a built for built for Shopify badge and you're running Shopify ads, what are you folks going to get qualified installs? Let's say store. Yeah. So if you have uh built for Shopify, one of the perks is that uh you can uh um you can target in Shopify ads uh only the premium plans. Uh and then by definition you're getting uh not by definition but but nearly you're getting the bigger stores. Uh so that's what you can do. But if you don't um you can price accordingly. You can uh uh you can have your copy accordingly. You can uh uh in your in the banner where I showed you the example, you can talk about uh enterprise big stores, but ultimately uh you know, if you're open for business for all sizes, then you'll get the mix of what comes in Shopify if you go by keyword. Uh and for ASO uh it's the same uh if you know you behind the keyword searches you have a mix of small stores big stores some keywords will have a mix towards bigger stores some smaller stores but uh if somebody's searching for upsell you don't know if it's a big store or small store behind that so not much you can do about that just goes by averages and somebody asked about the services so just reach out to me afterwards I'll be happy to uh tell you more. Uh how can someone connect installs and reviews for a new app that doesn't have any rankings other than paid search? So um what I hear from uh Shopify app developers over and over is by far the best the most effective way to get installs and good to get uh reviews and good reviews is immediately after you give uh good support uh they're grateful. they have kind of an engagement with you uh and they'll they'll give you the five the two minutes to to write the review. So that's uh that's that's that's the most effective and I haven't really heard of anything else that's really effective uh on scale. What price tiers do you recommend? Uh this is uh app specific. It depends what your app does, how you measure value for your merchant, what your competitors do, uh how easy it is for the merchant to understand this measurement. So it really varies uh from app to app. Uh can you please refer any app that has the best pricing model which are converting the most? Uh so I've told you I can't say specific apps but I've told you that the uh that because I look at price at the at the apps that succeed and this is how I learn. uh but only on the aggregate level. But I told you that the apps that uh uh do succeed that do have the 50% plus uh conversion rate from uh install to subscribe are the ones that have no free and are either usage based or single tier. These are the the two that usually have over 50%. Rarely you have a multi-tier with no free, but uh it's more difficult multi-ter with no free uh usage based and single tier are the ones that get over 50%. Okay. So, uh we're going to end here unless there's one last question coming. Oh, there's more. Sorry. Okay, I'll I'll try to answer. Uh where uh installs would come from. Where installs would come from would come when there is no ranking on app store other than paid search. Uh hustle guys. This is uh when you have to hustle uh social uh outreach uh whatever you can get. Uh this is where it starts. Uh where in styles would come from? Yeah, we have that. Uh does cold outreach work uh in Shopify apps? Yes, it does. This is how most apps start uh you know it with numbers and uh it gets better when you have more reviews and more customers to showcase but uh that's where you start. What are your thoughts on cold outbound? Is anyone seeing success with it? To start you don't have much choice. You have to get this working for you. Uh and yes it also works over time especially if you uh have the app and also are targeting uh bigger clients. Uh so you can uh do outreach and you can work with partners agencies uh and you can get to uh uh to customers this way. Okay. So all of you thank you for staying all the way to the end. I appreciate it. I hope this was uh insightful for for you and I will be sending the recording uh to all of you. Uh, and hope to see you again in the future. Uh, thank you and have a good day. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hn.www3 [1 likes]: From what I understand, one common way to validate keywords is:
- Publish an app
- Run Shopify App Ads with a wide set of keywords
- Let the campaign run for a week
- Use impressions and visibility to see which keywords actually have volume

The challenge is when you’re still deciding what app to build or you don’t have a relevant app yet. Is there any way to test Shopify App Ads keywords without having a published app?
Alternatively, can you use an existing app that’s not closely related, run a small ad budget, and still get meaningful keyword impression data?
Or does Shopify heavily limit impressions if the app category and functionality don’t match the keywords?
For example, would it make sense (or be totally pointless) to use a simple free app like a popup banner app to test keywords such as checkout customization?
  2. @convert2x: Ready to turbo-charge your Shopify app growth?
🚀 Connect your app to Prys to find your data-driven growth gaps: https://app.prys.io/register
📈 Work with the team at Convert2x to skyrocket your revenue: https://convert2x.com

- Offer the right subscription - App growth: Kind: captions Language: en APP GROWTH OFFER THE RIGHT SUBSCRIPTION Are you matching the value that your application offers to users with the right subscriptions? If you aren't, you could be losing out on a valuable regular revenue stream. In this video, we look at best practices for successfully implementing subscriptions with the right paywall, length, and price. Let's start by looking at the paywall options. There are three you can choose between: Gated, Metered, All-or-nothing. Option one: Gated paywalls. Often seen as the "freemium" experience. Gated paywalls are used by apps to offer exclusive features, content, and functionality on top of a core offering that is open and accessible to all users. This approach suits apps that bring users together around social experiences and user-generated content or support goal-oriented activities. This paywall type focuses on engaging users further in their lifecycle supporting organic growth and long-tail monetization and it's often combined with in-app purchases or ads monetization. Option two: Metered paywalls. Metered paywalls are quota-based and allow users to experience the full functionality of your app or view content on it for free, but only up to a certain quantity. This paywall type brings you extra value in being experiment-friendly and transparent to your users. Option three: All-or-nothing paywalls. Also known as a hard paywall this approach puts all your functionality and value behind a subscription paywall. It often relies on brand awareness and a clear value proposition to convert subscribers. This approach suits apps that bring users a steady stream of original or licensed content. Once you have the right paywall for the type of content you offer your next challenge is setting the right durations for your subscriptions. Here you can apply some general principles. Shorter-duration subscriptions, those of a month or less are best suited to content or features that: change regularly; are often seasonal. Longer-duration subscriptions, those of three months or more are good where: your users are committing to a long-term goal; you want to offer a discount to users for their loyalty. Now you need to consider your subscription pricing. There are four best practices that have been shown to help price subscriptions that appeal. One: Diversify. Offer users subscriptions at different price points. Develop tiers and discounts to maximize conversion. Two: Price anchoring. Promote the highest lifetime value subscriptions to your users and use free trials to incentivize your target SKU. Three: Communicate savings clearly. Make discounts and special offers easy to understand for your users. Four: Localized pricing. Ensure that you're setting prices based on country benchmarks, genre trends, and exchange rates that are local to your user. So, for a successful subscriptions offering choose the paywall that fits with your app's value proposition and set subscription durations and prices to appeal to your users. Dive deeper into the Google Play resources on unlocking your app's potential. Check out the links in the video description. Stay tuned for our next video, and let's grow together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndroidDevelopers [4 likes]: Learn more → https://goo.gle/AppGrowth
  2. @brianchin97: 3 comments 1.4m views how
  3. @龍太郎オデン: 尾崎龍太郎

- How to Grow on Threads Fast: The Bobbin App Guide (2026 Consistency Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en You know, for any creator out there, there's this one challenge that we all face, right? How do you stay consistent? It's tough, especially on a platform like Threads where the whole game is just showing up day in and day out. But let's be honest, it can be a total grind. So, have you ever felt that like you're putting in all this effort, you're crafting these amazing posts, you're engaging with everyone, and it feels like you're just not seeing the reward? Well, you are definitely not alone. And that feeling, it actually has a name. This quote from Franklin Woodcrafts just nails it. It perfectly illustrates that core problem, the shouting into the void feeling. I mean, you're creating, you're posting, but when you don't get clear feedback or that sense of progress, your motivation can just fall off a cliff. So, what's the solution? Well, let's dive into that. For a ton of creators, the answer is an app called Bobin. It's been designed from the ground up to tackle this exact problem head on. And you got to love the name, right? Super clever. A bobin. You know, the little spool that holds thread for sewing. Well, Bobin, the app, helps you with your threads. It's a really simple, elegant idea that just gets right to the point. But the real question is, how does it actually work? Well, it all comes down to two key principles. So, let's break down that first principle. Turning consistency into a game. The core idea behind Bodin is pretty brilliant. It's that if you can make consistency feel like a game, it stops feeling like a chore. So, it uses things like streaks and goals to get you, you know, kind of hooked on the habit of posting. But does that stuff actually work? Okay, just look at this number. 70. We're talking 70 consecutive days of posting. I mean, for a lot of us, hitting a 7-day streak feels like a huge win. 70. That is a whole other level. And this isn't just some madeup number. This is a real result from a real person using the app. And here's that user, Zylex. They set their previous record was just 15 days. Then they started using Bobin and boom, they hit 70. That's a massive difference. Now, what's really fascinating is the psychology behind why this works so well. It's all about what the creator, Sir Hishoka, calls that exact reward loop that builds habits. And that's really the secret sauce here. Think about it. You post something, you see your numbers go up, you check your streak, you get that little hit of dopamine, and it makes you want to do it all over again tomorrow. It's a simple, powerful, and honestly an incredibly effective cycle. All right, so that's the first pillar. Now for the second one, data that actually makes sense. Because look, consistency is awesome, but if you don't have any insights, you're just kind of guessing, right? This is where Bobin really focuses on providing analytics that are genuinely useful. And when you hear users talk about it, the contrast is well, it's pretty stark. They say the standard analytics on threads are quote not really informative. Some even say they just accidentally end up there. But when they talk about Bobin's data, the words you hear are things like top-notch, sleek, and intuitive, and that it has more analytics than any other tool. It basically turns a mess of confusing numbers into clear, actionable signals. So yeah, I can tell you all about the features and the design, but let's be real, the real story of Bobin's impact comes from the people who are actually using it every single day. And honestly, the feedback has been pretty overwhelming. Take Owen for example. He's a designer and a mentor. And he isn't just talking about how the app feels. He's listing hard numbers. 2 and a half million views, 60,000 likes, nearly 4,000 followers. I mean, these are real, tangible business results, all powered by the consistency that Boppin helped him build. And then there's this feeling which Jay, an iOS developer, just captures perfectly. He calls it the tool I didn't know I needed until it landed on my phone. You know that feeling when something solves a problem so well, so intuitively that you just wonder how you ever got by without it? That seems to me a really common theme for Bobin users. I mean, this next one just gets right to the point. Bobin is addictive. That one word, addictive, it speaks volumes, right? It goes right back to that gamification we were talking about. This isn't some boring spreadsheet. The whole experience is designed to be so engaging that it just pulls you back in, reinforcing that awesome reward loop day after day. And this next point is a huge differentiator. So many social media and analytics apps, they feel like a chore, right? They feel like work. But users say that Bobin just feels delightful. There's this attention to detail in the design that makes checking your stats feel like a pleasure, not some dreaded obligation. This quote kind of captures the momentum of the whole thing. It says, "Bobin is becoming a beast." And that's because the app isn't just static. It's evolving and it's evolving fast. Users are constantly talking about how the developer is listening to their feedback, which makes the whole tool feel alive, like it's constantly improving. Okay, so when you put all of this together, you've got the gamification, the super clean data, this huge chorus of happy users, something bigger starts to emerge, it really starts to feel like this is more than just a piece of software. So why does Bobin connect with people so well? It really seems to boil down to these four things. First, it turns a chore into a game. Simple as that. Second, it gives you data you can actually use. Third, the design is just a joy to interact with. And finally, and this might be the most important part, a real community has sprung up around it. People are sharing their wins, creating this hype that just keeps drawing more people in. And this user mine just sums it up perfectly. They said, "I do not only see your posts about Bob and also from others. It feels really like a movement." And that's the key, isn't it? When other people start shouting out your product for you, you know you've built something more than just a tool. It really does start to feel like a movement. Which kind of leaves us with this one big question to chew on. Bobin has created this incredibly powerful feedback loop for creators on threads. It takes the guesswork and frankly the grind out of being consistent. So is this the future? Is it possible that the next wave of creative tools will be less about packing in features and more about perfectly designing the motivation to create in the first place? It's definitely something to think about.

- Best Finance Apps in India 2026 | Save, Invest & Grow: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine waking up to an extra R5,000 in your savings, your credit card bills paid automatically, and your wealth growing while you sleep. Sounds like a dream. In 2026, it's your new reality. In 2026, the best personal finance apps don't just track money, they manage it. They predict your needs, build your wealth, and save you thousands of hours every year. Welcome back to day 27. This is part one of our absolute master class. We've mastered the core pillars. Today, [music] we unlock the engines that make it all 10x easier. Let's get started. Most beginners quit because finance feels like a part-time [music] job. Manual tracking is for 2010. You're leaving that struggle behind today for something far more powerful. Think of these tools like a personal money butler. They handle the boring stuff, categorizing bills and comparing rates so you can focus on what actually [music] matters, your life. App number one, Grow and Zeroda. In 2026, these are more than just brokers. [music] They are AIdriven wealth-b buildinging hubs that have democratized the market for everyone. Step one, link your bank via UPI. Step two, enable AI rebalance. Step three, set an auto SIP for as little as RNA 500. It takes exactly 5 minutes to start your global wealth journey. Take Rahul from Bangalore. He started with a simple RSA 2000 monthly SIP by using their AI rebalancer which automatically buys low and sells [music] high. He hit RS 1.2 lakh corpus way faster than expected. Crucial pro tip. Always choose direct plans on these apps. They save you m 1% in commissions. [music] That 1% compounds into lacks of extra rupees over 20 years. Don't give it away. The biggest mistake chasing penny stocks. These apps make it easy to buy hot dips. Don't fall for it. Stick to index funds for long-term stability and massive results. Beat the market. App two, Walnut. If you've ever wondered where did my money go, Walnut uses AI to auto read your SMS alerts and categorize every spend without you typing a single word. Setup is easy. Enable SMS permissions. In 2026, their security is bank grade, so your data stays encrypted while the AI predicts your upcoming bills and overspending alerts. I helped a freelancer use Walnut for 30 days. We found an Arbis 8000 money leak in unused OTT subscriptions and forgotten gym memberships. That's nearly $100 saved every month just by looking. New for 2026, UPI impulse control. If the app sees you spending outside your budget, the AI intervenes with a reminder. It's like a digital conscience for your wallet. Automated discipline. Number three, cred. If you have a credit card, you are literally leaving rewards on the table if you aren't using this. It turns boring bill payments into a wealth-b buildinging game. Link your cards and enable Credit Protect. It scans for hidden charges and reminds you of every due date. One young pro I assisted earned rise $15,000 in cash back last year alone. Rewards. Warning. Don't just pay the minimum due shown in the app. Always pay the total amount to avoid the 40% interest trap. Use Cred to stay ahead, not behind the bank's interest game. Take Vikram in Delhi. He used Cred's smart pay to consolidate [music] highinterest bills and track his progress. He paid off RSO2 lakh in debt 6 months early by using rewards to fund his payments. Absolute win. Number four, clear tax and quicko. [music] Taxes are usually scary, but in 2026, AI has turned a 5-hour struggle into a 10-minute task. Even if you hate math, this is your solution. Simplified taxes. They use AI to find deductions under section ADC and ADD you didn't even know existed. A teacher I helped reclaimed R O $25,000 effortlessly by using their AI planners throughout the year. Wealth reclamation. We've covered the basics. Now let's go even deeper. We're moving from tracking into full-scale goal automation and securing your global future. Ready? App number five, Eat Money and Kera. These aren't just for mutual funds. They are life cycle goal planners that manage your wealth based on your real world dreams. Setup is simple. Define your goal. The AI calculates your SAP and [music] new for 2026 automatically builds an emergency buffer before investing a single rupee. Safety first. I saw Priya Chennai set a goal for her child's college fund. The app autoinvested and rebalanced for years. By 2026, that dream was fully funded on autopilot. Success. Number six, money. Owning US giants like Apple or Nvidia is now as easy as buying a chai. Fractional investing is the secret to global diversification in 2026. Diversification is the only free lunch in finance. One NRI I worked with used Andy money to safely add US tech exposure, hedging against rupee depreciation. It's essential. Global wealth. Be aware of TCS and capital gains tax. IND money autogenerates your tax reports making global compliance a one-click process. Worry-free growth, tax ease. For my NRI viewers, living abroad and investing back home is a master stroke. Use these tools to manage your NRE and NRO accounts with total transparency [music] from anywhere in the world. Look at this. Starting at 25 versus 35. The difference isn't just double. It's exponential. Waiting [music] 10 years can cost you over ours 50 lakhs in final wealth. Start today. Compounding. Our 5,000 a month started today builds a mountain. Starting 10 years later builds a mold hill. Don't let time rob your future self. [music] Action is wealth progress. Number seven, jar and roundup apps. This is [music] stealth saving. Every time you spend, the app rounds up the change and invests it in digital gold. You won't even feel it. Simple. Buy a coffee for R1 195. It rounds up to R200 and invests that RS5. A student I know saved R1 $12,000 in one year just from these tiny drops. Wealth drops. Compounding. Finally, app 8 AI chat tools like Grock or Chat GPT in 2026? These are your personal 247 financial consultants. Need a budget tweak? Just ask them for a logic check. AI adviser. Input your raw budget and ask for scenario analysis. They are incredible for logic based decisions in seconds. [music] But always verify the math with your own goals. Smart checks. Logic. Now, security. In 2026, passwords aren't enough. Every app I've mentioned uses AS256 encryption, [music] but you need to go further to protect your hard-earned wealth. Bank grade safety. Pro tip, use hardware security keys, and biometric [music] 2FA. Never share your UPI PIN within any app. These tools are built to protect you, but you must stay vigilant with your habits. Safety, protection. The real secret, systems over symptoms. Don't just download one app. link them together into a fully automated money machine that builds wealth while you live your life. Total freedom. Salary hits, walnut tracks, jar rounds up, grow invests, and clear tax protects. That's how you reach financial freedom 5 years earlier than anyone else. Automation is the key. Loop flowchart. Ready? I challenge you to a 7-day wealth reset. Day one, download Walnut. Day two, setup grow. By day seven, your entire wealth engine will be live and automated. Start the challenge momentum [music] challenge. Finally, set a weekly maintenance schedule. [music] 10 minutes every Sunday to review alerts and confirm your automations are perfect. Stay proactive. Sunday ritual maintenance. Proactive wealth. Which app are you downloading first? Comment below. I'm replying to all. Hit like and subscribe for tomorrow. building passive income streams in 2026. [music] See you then.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dev10-n8s [1 likes]: Bhai youtube mai ai karna chod dey ya phir youtube hi chod dey 
Youtube key rule hisabe sey ai video is not monetize and youtube algorithm will not suggest this video to everyone

- The Only 14 Ways to Make Money with AI in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Every single day, thousands of internet gurus tell you how to make money with AI. But 99% of them are full of sh- Most of them haven't made a single dollar with AI. As someone who actually launches a new AI company every single month, most of which are making millions, I'll be ranking the only real ways to make money with AI. And at the end, I'll tell you exactly which one I'd pick and how you can actually build it. So, let's start with the first idea, AI voice agents. So, what we want to do is build an AI phone agent that books appointments, qualify leads, and handles all calls for a business. Essentially, it's a full-time receptionist that doesn't sleep, doesn't complain, doesn't get sick, doesn't quit, and it helps businesses where one missed call could cost them thousands. For example, think about like plumbers, HVAC, law firms, dental clinics. And the crazy part is most businesses don't even know this exists yet, or they don't think it's that good. They're probably talking to AI right now, and they don't even realize the person was AI. That's the window we're in right now. Now, I'll be ranking all of these AI businesses into one of four tiers. S tier, which is like super duper tier. A tier, which is an ass, it's a little bit below, but it's still great. B tier, which is meh meh. And then F tier, which is you might want to just ignore and run away. And trust me, most of these experts are talking about ideas being like, "This is the one to do." that I would consider F tier. And to do that, we're going to look at three things. First off is profitability. How much money are people actually going to pay, and is it going to make you money? The second is competition. How crowded is the market I'm talking about? And the third is longevity. How long will this be relevant in the future? Because why would we do something that doesn't allow us to build real wealth? And just because of the speed AI is moving and changing at, things that we're talking about now that might make you some money will literally fall off a cliff in the near future. So, where do we put the AI voice agent or assistant? Profitability is high. Right off the bat, I know what people are willing to pay. I talked to my barber about this. I talked to my friends that have local businesses. When the AI starts attacking the labor cost, essentially what you're paying for people and you can replace a person, all of a sudden now anything you charge is like $500 or $1,000 or $1,500 a month feels cheap. Next we got competition. I think the market's pretty crowded. Every time I talk to people about an AI idea, they're always like, "Oh, I'm building the voice agent. I'm building the voice agent." So, good news is very few of them know how to market or sell. You can tell by just going through Google local and calling those businesses. Hear them answer with a real person. They're still not adopting this. So, the competition is there, like people are talking about it, but they don't have it widely used. And longevity? I think this will be relevant for a long time. Why? Because voice is the path to AI doing a lot of stuff for us. I think it's an A-tier opportunity. So, it's a solid business, there's real demand, you can make good money, it's got legs. The next one is AI lead generation. This is where you build an AI that automates prospecting for businesses, it does research, it like qualifies people, it gets data, and essentially presents qualified leads to a business. What's super fun is you can use tools like Manas, called Co-work, Gemini, to essentially go find those leads and sell them to the business. Now, you'd ask yourself, "Why doesn't the business do this for themselves?" The truth is most entrepreneurs are already overwhelmed, they're busy, and what they don't have enough of is leads. So, they're busy delivering for the customers they have, and for you to come to them and say, "I got some warm leads with phone numbers and emails that I can manage for you." That is a huge value prop. Profitability? It's actually pretty high because you're directly putting money on the table for these clients. Then when I think about like competition, it's getting tougher. There's actually new AI platforms like clay.com that do this as a service. So, it costs money and you can charge for those leads and they're really high quality. I have a friend Hunter that does this every day. He was getting paid to generate leads for people. Longevity is pretty strong because I always think there's a place where businesses needs more leads. I think about businesses is like what skill this is going to deliver me, is it something I should learn, do I need it for my own business? So, if you're starting a company, learning how to generate leads, probably a good idea. So, let's talk about where I tier this. I actually think this one is S tier. You're selling money, it's a clear value proposition, it's an easy yes, and you can charge enough money cuz they know what a customer's worth to them to be able to make it really profitable. Next, let's talk about faceless AI YouTube channels. People are talking about this, it's the new rage where they're essentially creating these cash cow fantasy things. I think it's bull. YouTube algorithm buries AI-generated content today. That might change in the future, but as we stand today, it wants real, organic, engaging content. [music] Channels get demonetized within weeks sometimes if that's all they're putting out is just AI slop. There's no brand being built, there's no audience or loyalty, and there's no way to stand out from the million of other AI channels. Profitability is almost zero because, again, channels get demonetized. The competition, I mean, everybody with an AI tool can essentially create these, so it's not that hard. Longevity? None. The faceless YouTube channel, which is essentially like bit-slinging AI slop to generate ads or sell something in, it's like the bottom feeder of the internet. People are already getting tired of this kind [music] of faceless YouTube content. So, I'm going to put this in the F tier, if that wasn't clearly an obvious right off the bat. I think it's interesting to learn how to get good at creating AI video-generated content. That's a good skill to learn, but in regards to like a business, not my kind of business. And look, if you want my help to sell any of these AI companies without making a single phone call, I've got a gift for you. I have this whole process document. It's called my Sell by Chat Playbook. It's the exact process that I use in all my companies to help them make millions selling through direct messages over chat. It's got the offer template, it's got the structure, the nine-box model, how to deal with objections. It even talks about the content you should be creating to attract people that ready to buy. If you want it, find me on Instagram at Dan Martell and DM me YouTube SBC for sell by chat, and I'll send it right over. Next, we've got AI content repurposing. This one's fun cuz you can take a long-form video like this and turn it into short-form content like tweets and carousels and newsletters. I think right now, for example, my threads are blowing up by using content from my YouTube and just repurposing it on threads. You can use tools that are AI-powered like Opus Clips and Descript to help you create this. So, now let's break it down. First, we have profitability. This is pretty solid because every creator and company with a podcast they need this. Next, I think about competition. And essentially, it's pretty moderate because yes, it's a growing category, but a lot of people have already figured out how to do this themselves. And then I think about longevity. You know, and this is where I think it's weak because the tools are catching up so quick where they're starting to just repurpose on their own that your window may be kind of small in regards to how long you do this for. So, I would grade this as a B tier. I'm a fan of learning how to do this. I think you should learn it for your own business, but I also think that long-term, it'll just be automated for everybody. Next, we've got AI consulting. You get paid to come in, audit a company's operations, their systems, their processes, and find every nook and cranny where AI can save them time, reduce waste, make things better. You could charge like $5,000 to audit any business and turn that into potentially a $50,000 implementation project. And companies know, just look at the comments below. They know they should learn AI. They know they should use AI. They just don't know where to start. So, you come in and you could be that person. So, if I think about it, profitability, it's one of the top ones that I'm going to talk about in regards to making real money. Doing it for them, educating them, consulting them on it, huge. Competition, I mean, it's kind of low because there's not a lot of people that are qualified, that are good, that actually can say, "Look, I focus on this niche and I help people just like you." Most people can't do it well. When I think of longevity, I think consulting is always going to be needed, and AI is not going to slow down, it's not going to stop changing, and somebody knows how to help a business get the bandwidth to implement it so they can keep doing what the business does and not have to worry about the tools and the AI, that's huge. It's strong. So, I'm going to give this an S tier because it's also, if you have domain experience, it's a great place to start. And I even like it better than lead gen, so we're going to put it in front of that. I like it better cuz you got more meat on the bones for money and what's called revenue growth cuz you can sell more things to people, and it gets you in the game to see other opportunities, whereas lead gen, you're just kind of like this transaction. Next up, we have virtual assistants. Now, as the guy who wrote the book, Buy Back Your Time, my inbox is full. Literally, the top five virtual agencies in the world are like, "Dan, where do you see AI disrupting us?" Um, you're kind of cooked. Using AI tools to handle your email, your scheduling, researching things for busy founders, essentially acting as [music] a chief of staff, this is what AI does better than anything. And again, I have a dog in the fight. I built a whole platform called Apex that allows agents, virtual agents to execute. That's what it stands for, agents platforms for execution, to do this kind of work for business owners. My guy is called Kai, and Kai does everything. He's my chief of staff. He manages my inbox, he manages my calendar, he coordinates projects, he checks my Slack, he follows up on things, he even makes phone calls. He even hired a bunch of people, like my real estate guy named Reese, and he does a lot of cool real estate projects for me, but these aren't real people. And if you want to check out Apex, just click the link below in the description. So, here's what I think about this opportunity. One, profitability, it's decent, right? You get three to five clients paying you, you're doing the work, you're managing the agents cuz I really think that is the future of AI anyways, an agent operator. Then we go to competition, pretty crowded. Everyone that knows how to use Claude co-work can kind of get all this stuff for free, and everybody and their mom seems to be offering this. And the longevity is kind of moderate. The AI can kind of do this. So then the real value kind of looks like the consulting at scale, where you're coming in with business processes, not just being a virtual assistant. So I think we are a B, but I do think the value prop is stronger than content repurposing because it has a clear value of saving somebody's time. Now I know I said I have Apex and you're thinking I'm rating this opportunity B. That specific one for virtual assistant, yes. Apex essentially is a full team of AI agents that work to accomplish business goals. That's different. And the virtual assistant part inside of that is just a tiny little part. And don't forget the end of this video, I'll be showing you my exact steps on how I'd launch my top pick. And I've got some bangers coming. Next, we've got AI chat agents. Local businesses, yes, they get phone calls, but a lot of people email. A lot of people go to the website and they chat. I was just looking into booking dinner tonight, and I didn't want to even go through OpenTable. I'm lazy. I wish I could have just like started chatting on the website, but no, they didn't have an AI chat agent ready to go. They were trying to force me through their interface. Interfaces are dead, okay? Can we just all agree? People that want to book local businesses, they want instant replies. They don't want to even call, they want to chat. And the cool part is that when you deploy these AI chats within a business, you just build a monthly retainer. So let's run through this. We got profitability, it's good cuz of the monthly retainer. That's where the real money stacks. If you don't have a recurring revenue component to your business, add one. Then I think competition, it's pretty crowded. I mean, there's a lot of people. I'm an investor in Intercom. They kind of led the space for like AI-powered chat, and the barrier's pretty low cuz like anybody can build one of these, no problem. When I think of longevity, I mean, it's kind of moderate, you know? Like, how competitive is this? Is this just going to be built into every Frontier AI model? Are other companies just going to keep adding compelling chat options into the software they're already selling to the businesses? So, I'm going to put it in A behind the voice agent. The reason why I think the voice agent is more compelling, but what I see a lot of people is they use the chat to qualify and then kick it into the voice agent for booking or having them call using the AI. So, it's there, it's great, but it's not going to be as good as a voice. Next, we have AI trading bots. So, this one is interesting because where a lot of people are selling bots to do something from a business point of view, now you've got your bot that technically can make you money. Here's the thing nobody's telling you. Everybody selling some kind of trading bot is essentially selling you a course. They don't got a bot. Dude, if I had a bot that made me 20% every year, guess what? I wouldn't tell anybody about it. There are companies like Renaissance Technologies, D.E. Shaw, uh Two Sigma that are so good at using AI to trade that they're only trading the employees money and it's like 10 to 15 billion and nobody can even invest because that's how good it is. These AI bots, essentially, they're selling signals. They're like marketing companies and the signals only last for like 16 months and then they got to find the next signal and then you got to buy the next thing. If the bots actually worked, why would anyone sell it to you for $97? So, essentially, the business you could be in is trying to build these bots, market these bots, >> [music] >> and get people to buy them from you. If you want to create the bot, is it profitable for you? Yeah, because you're selling the course, you're selling the dream, you're selling the vision. They're buying it from you. Let's just leave the ethics out of it. Competition? Yeah, there's a lot of people out there. Longevity? I think zero. [music] I think it's one of those things where you build it, it doesn't work, you try to get it going, and it's also really risky because people are paying you to invest and if you don't deliver, I feel like you're getting in the SEC territory of maybe them not liking what you're doing. So I would rank it as S. It's the best. I'm kidding. It's ranked at the bottom. I mean, come on. You're selling hopes and dreams. It's not very good business. Next we have AI agent development. This is where people pay you to create some of these AI agents like I was saying earlier. Like my guy Kai who can do all this cool stuff. They have to be designed. I'm talking about like sales bots and document processors and operational bots and like all these AI agents. The difference between the virtual assistant in this, this is like selling a team. You have your chief of staff agent and then the agent manages several other agents and those are like virtual employees. So the profitability if you get it right, massive. I really think there's a big opportunity. The competition today, most people can't even explain what this is. So it's low because it's hard. You need to have more technical experience which keeps most people out. But the longevity is strong. Everything that I'm seeing that agents is the iPhone moment of AI is huge. You create these repeatable workflows and then you just get paid to drop them in and they're attacking the labor dollars on a small businesses expense sheet. It's going to allow them to scale without adding people. I consider this the top opportunity right now. If you've got the technical know-how and you want to go and live in that world, it is the S of the S of the S. Next we have AI copywriting. Landing pages, case studies, sales emails. Essentially AI writes every first draft and the cool part is you can do it in your voice and it can follow a strategic process to generate sales. Generals are getting crushed. There's a lot of people that did copywriting and they did a lot of stuff. It's the specialist who niche down into one industry and really focus on delivering a solution. Not just AI but actually a solution for a business that are going to win. The key is is don't be an AI writer. Be the person who writes for one type of business and manages all the words that go out. So, when I think of profitability, it's decent. It's actually pretty good because most people would have to pay an agency 10 to 15,000 a month to do this. >> Competition is high. This AI copywriting is probably the most popular use case in all AI. And the longevity is kind of shaky. Back in the day, it required some kind of like system prompt design to be able to make it right like the person in the tone. But now, right out of the box with these new models, it's getting pretty good. So, for you to stand out, it's going to be pretty difficult. So, if you're specific enough, niche enough, and really doing something personalized, then you're at the top of B. If you're not and you're just doing anything for anybody, then you're just like Claude or any other AI model and you're probably at the bottom of the list. Next up, we have the AI venture studio. Essentially, it's the idea that most entrepreneurs have, which is I got a lot of ideas. I want to build a lot of stuff. So, I have a studio where I create a lot of different AI companies. Think about like if you had a factory that turns out profitable businesses on repeat, that's a venture studio. And the cool part is pretty much since December, the whole world's changed where any person with an idea can actually get an app built themselves. They can do it themselves. I shut down my company for 2 days and taught everybody how to code in Claude code. Profitability? Truth is is unlimited. And the cool part is if you do it right, every company is built to sell. Built to go public. And then the winners get to ride and then you just kill the losers because you tested them and validated them with very little investment up front. In regards to competition, I mean, there's a lot of people that might call themselves a studio, but they don't compete. They don't have distribution. They don't have brand. They don't know product. They don't know how to get customers. Most people can't think at this level. It's a completely different experience. You need to have the business background, the marketing background, the leadership background, the capital to be able to hire and build teams. And then when I think of longevity, this is how you create ongoing enterprise value over time. It's how you build the flywheel that eventually takes off, and then you create the machine that builds the machine. That's the whole point of the venture studio. So personally, I'm not going to rank it S, even though that's what I do. Martell Ventures is a venture studio that builds AI-powered companies. [music] The problem is is that for most people, it's too advanced of a move. Yeah, I'm putting it A-minus. Next we got an AI to AI marketplace. This one is so fun. Did you know there's a website where AI agents hire humans? It's called rentahuman.ai. It's kind of crazy. I think they've had over 700,000 humans register and 200,000 jobs already go out there for the AI agents to hire humans. So just so you know, if you don't get into the AI like we're talking about, then someday you'll either be the person leading it or working for the AI. But the other part is that AI will be buying from AI. Stripe, which is the number one merchant provider in the world, just came out with a protocol to enable this. Google jumped on board. So this is the opportunity. You decide to build the Facebook marketplace, right, of AI agents. And you decide to like figure out what would be valuable and how you rank them and make sure there's no security issues with them, and just like market the marketplace so you can be like the Airbnb of AI agents. Now let's talk about this in regards to where it sits in the ranking. First off, is it profitable? Well, you'll probably get on the low end 10%, on the high end 30% of that connection and that fee. So there's some money, but it's not wild. The competition, I mean, almost nobody out there has built this yet at scale. There's no like eBay of AI to AI marketplace. And then longevity, marketplaces are wildly defensible if you can get it going, like Uber, like Airbnb, like Instacart. These are incredibly valuable businesses. So that's the upside. In regards to where I'd rank this as an opportunity for people to make money with AI, it would probably be harder to do that than start a venture studio. But I do like it. I don't have an AI marketplace business yet. This might be the moment I decide to build one. I'm going to put it on the top of A. I'm not going to think you can't do this. I actually think you can. So now we only have two more and now I'm going to tell you which one I would pick and how I would go about launching it so you can use that blueprint to launch your own. Next we have AI logo and brand design. Now this is getting paid to use AI to generate logos and brand kits and examples of brands on products. You can use tools like Nano Banana to do some of this. Manis can do a lot. So you can approach these businesses to get paid to do this as long as they're like more involved projects. >> Profitability? It's kind of medium because you can still get paid what people think it's worth. Like the other day I designed a website that in the past I would have paid $100,000. It had animation and effects. I value something and you can sell it. Then the profitability could be there. So you might not be able to charge that much but trust me, people are willing to pay. The competition? You got a lot, right? You got all the tools, you got the people using the tools and then longevity? I just don't see a world where long-term this is not something that's most people can't solve themselves by just asking their AI cuz you're probably doing it already where you just ask the AI to design a website and say make it look like Apple designed it and boom. Most beautiful thing in the world. So I'm going to give this one a B tier ranking right after copywriting cuz I think copywriting sells money, brand is identity, some people value it but it doesn't have the longevity I would like. Next up we have managed AI cybersecurity. This is where you get paid to use AI to manage the threats on a business 24/7. Everything from fishing attempts to getting past their firewall to sending spam emails like social engineering, where people are using AI to spoof a person's voice. We've detected suspicious activity on your account. Can you tell me your login information? Just kidding. I'm fake. It's kind of crazy. I mean, one breach can cost a company millions. You essentially can get paid to help business understand security and put basic things in place. Most people barely understand AI, let alone understand the risk that AI in the hands of bad people can be used to actually attack you from a security point of view. So, that's where you come in. Profitability? Wildly profitable. It's massive. You can charge a lot of money per month because not having somebody's systems go down would be massive value. Now, you are selling like insurance, where they only know they need you once they have an incident, but you can sell enterprise-level contracts, and that's where the big money comes from. The competition, because it's so technical, almost none. Now, there are people out there that have AI platforms for this and people that are specialists in security. So, if you love to do this, you're well positioned for this. And longevity, I just think the more AI gets powerful, the more there's going to be need for AI experts to stop the cyber attacks, stop the hackers, stop the AI-powered hacking, and that's a great market to be in. Now, I'm going to put it in S tier, right behind agent development, because I think agent development's easier, less technical, and you can get paid, but the cybersecurity is a huge opportunity. So, now that I've ranked everyone, now I'm going to tell you how I'd launch my favorite. So, clearly that's agent development. Here are my five steps. Number one is I got to validate. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a landing page. I'm going to have AI create this, and it's going to talk about my agent development, but I'm going to pick one use case. I'm going to pick chief of staff, because that's the thing that everybody needs. They all know they need somebody to help them with their email and scheduling and follow-up and legals and all that stuff. So, you can create a simple landing page that talks about this new AI-powered chief of staff that they can buy, and they can get added to the wait list. Now, after you build that page, I then want you to text every person you know in your phone. This is what I do. I just ask them, "Who do you know that's looking for an AI-powered chief of staff that helps them get back 10 to 15 hours of their week and manage more projects?" Send. Send. Send. You want that little script? It's in the description below. So, just go grab it. The cool part is you're not asking if they want it, you're asking if they know anybody, but most people are going to reply and say, "Well, I want that." Then, the next thing you got to do is ask if they would pay to solve that problem today. So, we do that to validate. That's number one. Second, we have to pre-sell. I'm a big fan of crowdfunding. It's a multi-billion dollar industry. People launch ideas and crowdfund it and have people support it and they do it with one page. You can do the same thing. The landing page we just created, that's essentially the offer page. And now what we do behind the wait list is we actually email those people and say we actually are opening up our early adopter program. If you'd like to be part of it, here's how much it costs, and send them a payment link and see if they buy. Maybe you get on a call with them and you walk them through it. But those same people that you contacted, maybe they replied or they referred people or they joined the wait list, those are the people that you want to use to pre-sell to validate that your problem is a real problem, a painkiller problem, not a vitamin problem. Then the third step is launch it manually. You can literally launch what I just said by manually doing it for people. No core tech, no like deep AI agentic stuff. Yes, eventually they'll get that, but you can just bring them on in a consulting approach, a concierge approach, and customize the tech for them. So, you can prove a real transaction, deliver real value before you build or automate anything. Now, I want to go build my audience. So, my favorite way to do that is find the people that are already talking about the problem and then see if I can partner with them to promote my business, my AI, my landing page. And you could do that right now. You could go find people currently talking about chief of staff using AI and see if they want to promote your company. So, that is how we build the waitlist. Again, we haven't even launched publicly, but you can recruit partners, give them a link that's unique to them, track that they're referring people, and then pay them if those people buy. This is basically the distribution of our idea to the world through other people. So, unless you already have an audience, partner with somebody who does. Number five, which is last, is productize. Notice how most people start here and I'm saying the last thing. Once you have the transactions and they're consistent, you're automating and you're doing most of it manually. You have the partners that are promoting it out there and you're getting paid to do it, then you take the income and you reinvest it in building it out. That is how you can launch any single one of these ideas to any market and get there fast. This is how I've built every one of my companies. This is my process. I keep doing it every month. Now, I know that was a lot, but basically what I want you to get out of this is first off, you're not behind. There are so many opportunities ahead of you, and you just might have been following the wrong map, and you're just in the wrong destination. So now, all you have to do is just pick one. Pick one of these ideas. Use my feedback as the guide, but just stay focused. Build yourself. Invest in yourself. Understand that business is there to develop you. People who win aren't the ones who start first. They're literally the ones who don't quit. The people that kept showing up, that kept putting one foot in front of the other, and over time, they built the business. Out of all these ideas, which one did you find the most interesting? Just let me know below in the comments. And remember, DM me YouTube SBC on Instagram at Dan Martell for the offer template, which has the sell by chat, the structure, even the content. And if you want to learn how to build a business that runs itself, click the video and I'll see you on the other side.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danmartell [41 likes]: ✅ Get your FREE Sell by Chat Playbook here: https://go.danmartell.com/4mWrJke
  2. @BobbyFox-n7k [11 likes]: Guys, I’m so done with this market. I bought the dip on that altcoin yesterday, and it dipped again today. I feel like I’m just burning money. How do you even know when to enter anymore? Feels like pure gambling
  3. @blissofzion: Great content...
  4. @NickCorneliusAI: https://www.youtube.com/@NickCorneliusAI/shorts
  5. @DanBestBaby: One sec i'll run this through my AI B.S detector----
Is he BS-ing you? Partially — here's the honest breakdown:
Where he's credible: Dan Martell is a legit entrepreneur and his tier rankings are mostly reasonable. The advice to avoid trading bots and faceless YouTube is genuinely correct, and he's honest about it. AI consulting, agent development, and voice agents are real opportunities with real paying clients right now.
Where he's selling you something: The whole video is a funnel. He's promoting his "Sell by Chat" playbook (DM him), his Apex platform (AI agent tool), and his personal brand. Every idea he rates S tier happens to require skills he teaches or tools he sells. That doesn't make the advice wrong, but you should notice the angle.
The 5-step launch process he describes at the end (validate → pre-sell → launch manually → build audience → then productize) is actually solid and battle-tested. That part is worth keeping.
Most viable picks for a normal person:

AI consulting — if you have domain knowledge in any industry, this is the easiest entry. No code needed.
AI voice agents — the tech is accessible (Bland.ai, Vapi), local businesses genuinely don't have this yet, and the sales pitch writes itself.
AI lead generation — fastest path to getting paid, because you're literally delivering revenue to clients.
  6. @Riddlememoore: I wish someone would just make one extensive video about the subject. A video that goes in depth and actually walk you through step-by-step how to achieve or master set subject or topic. It’s annoying to find 20+ videos concerning the same subject on someone’s channel. It’s giving clickbait. Personally, if I were making money with ai, I wouldn’t be wasting my time and days making YouTube videos on the topic. I feel like most ai focused content creators make their money from content creation, hence the time and energy invested in these videos. I would rather watch a content creator show me how they are using ai to better their business and the numbers they’re bringing in than watch someone make 2 to 3 videos a week about the same thing. People watching these videos have to think. Stop investing in people or things that aren’t invested into you.

This guy literally has a video title “Give Me 20 Minutes and
I'II Make You Insanely Rich”  Be entirely fr. The next video after that, “Laziest Way to Make Money With Al” why is this a title?? And here’s a good one, it comes literally after the lazy video, “Everything I Learned From Being Around the Top 0.01%” a 15 minute video. “15 MINUTES” what actually value are you getting from this video??? Bffr. We need a community that calls out false advertising because it’s tiring, these people are profiting while everyone else is barely getting by.
  7. @AutoMindAI-y3c: I got a lot of information from this video. Interested in AI agent development.
  8. @OsazuwaMichealKelvin: How do I proceed
  9. @OwenBlake-m9w: "AI + POD" is also a way to make money
  10. @jovaniemoralde9624: I'm interested in AI Cybersecurity
  11. @Cobalt-b4o: YOUTUBE SBC
  12. @jthnsthm: Building an AI product is great, but unless you're charging a reasonable amount, how do you survive in the case of AI API token bloat and drift? (I obviously may not understand enough).
  13. @plumber825: I’ve been watching your videos and doing what you say, but I’m really struggling to even get an agent built that could possibly start making me money. I need help.
  14. @LIF258: everything is paid ........
  15. @GenXJneen: Why not white-label an AI receptionist?
  16. @ralphdesbordes6798: I'm now learning about the creation of digital products. But from your video I've always been interested in Ai voice agents and ai agency development.
  17. @prem6436: Even you are AI
  18. @ankit_editz014: this video feels like a cheat code people are gonna pretend they discovered themselves later 😭🔥
  19. @Priyanshu1-h1c: Great video sir! ❤ Absolutely great! ❤❤
  20. @thahn4: FYP

- Apple Home Needs To Be Better in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Apple Home has been around since 2014 and now 12 years later, honestly, it feels a lot more stable. The days of accessories constantly showing no response are nowhere near as common as they used to be. But despite all of that, Apple Home still feels well, not where it should be. Because while reliability has improved massively and innovation around new features slowed down and that's what this video is all about. I'm going to talk about the changes I would like to see to HomeKit secure video, Apple HomeKey, automations, and Siri, all in Apple Home, but more importantly, changes that will make Apple home more appealing and more importantly accessible to people new to a smartome. Because when the average user starts to use Smartome, it just works without them even thinking. You know, the day everyone in the house stops complaining about the things that are not working that you've bought. And this is where we need it to be. For anyone new here, I'm John. I've been using Apple Home for 10 years, reviewing smart home products for more than six, and everything on this channel is based on real world juice. So, if you enjoy detailed Apple Home coverage, make sure to subscribe because we cover the latest news, reviews, and detailed tutorials. Now, let's get into the biggest improvements Apple Home needs to make in 2026. First up is cameras. Because honestly, HomeKit secure video still feels stuck in the past and it pretty much is. It was first announced at WWDC in 2019. That's nearly 7 years ago. Whilst we've had new features, it's still behind of where it needs to be. I have a video about the history of Apple Home since the start until the end of 2025 coming above in the top corner now. And I say this although as someone that likes HomeKit secure video, the privacy side is fantastic. Local processing on the home hub is also fantastic. Apple TV pop-ups are great, but technically it has fallen behind. The biggest issue is still resolution. In 2026, it's still recording at 1080p. Limits aren't simply good enough in this day and age, especially when we have cameras now that offer 2K, 4K, color night vision, and advanced AI detection with also multi- camera tracking. And yet, the second you connect many of the cameras to Apple Home, a lot of these features, including the video quality, is downgraded and that needs to change. I also think Apple need to improve and add more features like pan and tilt controls with zoom, AI tracking support like we see in Aara cameras and smart object recognition that works a lot better. Packages can sometimes be missed. Better activity zone management with heat maps to show you where false triggers are happening. And I think in some cases local storage would also be great within Apple Home. I think we probably are going to see some of these features here because matter 1.5 has already introduced groundwork for cameras and doorbells with pan and tilt and increased resolutions and extra feeds which will make some of these features possible. Apple clearly cares about privacy focused video. And with the rumors of a more dedicated home hardware going to be coming this year, including a camera, it would make no sense for Apple to ignore cameras completely, especially because security cameras are one of the few smart home categories people actually generate with on a dayto-day. And right now, Apple Home still feels like it only supports the basic version of many of the more premium cameras that have hit the market over the last couple of years. Now, one area where Apple absolutely nails it in my experience is Apple Home Key. And when it's paired with a good smart lock, it just feels magical. You tap your iPhone or your watch and the door just unlocks. We're now seeing ultra wideband unlocks, so when you're approaching, they unlock automatically. It's one of the best examples of Apple simplifying Smartome technology. Even own key still feels unfinished. One massive thing missing is proper guest key sharing. If you want to use many smart locks, you still need to open the manufacturer app to send temporary access to somebody that doesn't have access to your Apple Home. And that just feels wrong. Apple should allow you to send one-time guest keys, time limited keys to people that might need access, schedule that access, and temporary delivery access for people that might have one-time access to your home directly through Apple Home and Apple Wallet. Imagine sending somebody a secure key that expires after one visit or can only be used at certain times a day. That's the sort of Apple level integration people expect and I would like to see. I'd also love Apple to allow home key customization. And this sounds small and a bit gimmicky, but right now the home key colors are often decided by the lock manufacturer when they're certifying the device. I think Apple should let users customize them. It sounds minor, but these small polishes details are exactly what Apple would seem to like to do. Now, let's talk about permissions. And as Apple Home gets smarter, permissions matter more. To be fair, though, Apple has improved things recently. Temporary guest access has got better and smart lock permissions are improving. But permissions still feel way too blunt because in a real household, not everybody should have the same control over certain devices. For example, children should absolutely be able to control lights, play music, and adjust temperatures in their rooms, for instance, but they probably shouldn't be able to access opening garage doors, unlock exterior gates, disable security systems, or some of those devices that are a lot more sensitive. And the same applies to guest. A guest staying for the weekend, for instance, shouldn't get permanent control over every device in the house. We need proper smart home roles, admin roles, standard users, and child accounts along with temporary access for guests because this even becomes more important if Apple launches a wall-mounted smartome display. A shared screen should never mean shared authority. And finally, I'm going to talk about Siri. And the rumors are always pointing towards a major Siri improvement in iOS 27, but I must stress these are only rumors at this stage. But the improvements Apple really needs to make is not Siri talking more. It's Siri understanding more. The future of Apple Home shouldn't be endless manual automation setup. Most people don't want to sit there building if statements and conditions like their programming software. Not the average user anyway. The system itself should start recognizing patterns. So, for example, if you manually increase the temperatures every day in the evening, Siri should notice that. It should notice that and suggest automating it. If the temperatures start dropping at the same time every night, it also should recognize and suggest proactively to adjust the temperatures. That's where AI becomes actually useful in the home, not smart lights that use magical AI things and all those gimmicks. This is where AI really makes a difference. We don't really need AI to create lighting patterns. But I honestly think Apple could go even further than that because one of the biggest barriers to smartphone today is in my opinion automation setup and then being useful. And this is exactly where a Siri powered smartphone chatbot could become incredibly useful. Imagining opening Siri and simply talking or speaking to it, saying, "When I get home after sunset, turn the hallway lights on, keep the kitchen dim, and if nobody's in the living room, turn everything off." And Siri simply builds the automations for you. That kind of automation would make multiple automations a lot easier. No digging through menus, no selecting endless conditions manually, no learning automation logic. Just describe what you want naturally and Apple Home translate that into a bunch of actions that simply builds for you. That's the sort of intelligence Apple Home is missing. And this also ties into Siri understanding multiple commands at once because right now if you want to use it, it's very rigid. Many commands feel like they're programming a machine instead of speaking naturally. But saying something like, "Turn off the lights in here and set the temperature to 20° and it simply understands which lights you mean, which eating zones are being applied and both actions belong together at request. No follow-up, no robotic phrasing, and no frustration from the users. This becomes even more powerful when you combine it with something like Apple has already has access to, and that's CarPlay. Because CarPlay already knows a huge amount of contextual information about you, your heading home, your current route, your estimated arrival time, traffic conditions, and your usual routines and driving patterns. And we've already started seeing hints of this with things like adaptive temperature features beginning to use location and travel behavior to adjust the temperatures in your home. But Apple needs to massively expand this idea because your smartome shouldn't just react when you arrive. It should prepare for your arrival intelligently. So imagine this. You're driving home from work and about 45 minutes away. And through CarPlay, it could simply ask, "Would you like to start preparing your home?" And this is where intelligence really matters because it shouldn't just instantly turn everything on at once. Using proximity and ETA data, Apple Home could gradually warm the house as you get closer. Turn lights on when there is arrival actually expected and prepare the rooms you normally use first and adjust lighting also depending on the time of day. And if the house has been empty all day, it could even follow that up by proactively suggesting things like, "Do you want me to run your robot vacuum before you get home?" That's the difference between automation and intelligence. Because right now, most smart homes operate on fixed triggers and timers. But the future should be contextual. Your home should understand where you are, what you're doing, when you're likely to arrive, and what normally happens through your routines. And Apple is actually in one of the best positions to deliver this because it already controls the iPhone and Apple Watch. You probably use your car interface, your home hub, and also the presence data and increasingly the AI layer on top. And this becomes even more powerful with presence awareness using ultra wideband. A location tracking using home hubs, iPhones, and Apple Watch. We've already seen this on front doors with locks with ultra wideband unlocking. But imagine standing in the living room and saying, "Turn the lights on down in here." Or even turning lights on as you enter a room without using motion or presence sensors and instead using ultra wideband. No need for extra sensors or extra costs. It could simply use your iPhone or Apple Watch and use the Home Hub to detect where you are. And that's where Siri and automation stop being like a remote and stop being very simple and start feeling like a home assistant. Apple Home in 2026 is probably the best it has been in my opinion. But but for the first time, it starts to feel far behind where it could be. But I do feel we're in a transition period right now. The foundations are more solid. Matter is helping. Thread is making smart homes more reliable, but not everyone agrees with that. And Apple is clearly moving in the right direction with rumors around new hardware like a smart hub and devices. But because the companies that will win the smart home race won't be the ones with the most accessories, they'll be the ones that best understand context, presence, behavior, and automation, but more importantly bring the average user into Smartome. And it just works without them even thinking about it. And Apple is actually in a really strong position to do that. So guys, that's the end of video. Hopefully, you've enjoyed it. A like does really go a long way and helps this channel more than you probably realize. You can also check out some of the other videos on the channel. I've linked them down in the description below. And if you want to become part of this Apple community, make sure to hit subscribe button and the bell button so you don't miss when new videos land. You can also follow along on social media as well on X, Facebook, Tik Tok, Instagram by searching for Apple Authority. Thank you very much. I'll speak to you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephenv7706 [1 likes]: Great video I heartily agree with your ideas of how Apple home should improve, 1080p video in 2026 is a joke when 2K and even 4K are the new standards, and I’d like to see Apple home be aware of which room I’m in via Apple iPhone or Watch with home pods so automation’s could be triggered differently for different people if required if that makes sense 🤔 Hope iOS 27 finally brings big improvements for Apple Home along with new and updated hardware which could destroy Google/Samsung/Amazon if done wright and before these other platforms get too far ahead.
  2. @drone_tales [1 likes]: Cameras resolution is more or less OK. The more important is a Pan/Tilt control from Home App. And the most missing thing is a custom notifications from different sensors in automations. For example, I would like to get notification when last people left home. And when first come back. And there are many other things when a custom notification needed: I have temperature sensor in my greenhouse. And I really need to get warning when temperature inside is higher than some level.
  3. @Rowllex: Idk why the nanoleaf lights look like a sinister Sonic lol
  4. @jb_swamp: Apple Home is just a dashboard.. Got sick of waiting for apple to do anything useful and they have never done so.. Use Home Assistant and push everything into home so family can change colors of things and let HA do the real work.
  5. @Subsurface123: Apple home still integrates with Govee like garbage.
  6. @TannyOHaley: I would like Apple home to use Ultra Wideband to determine if I've left my home. Right now it doesn't think I've left my home until I'm 250 feet down the road from the front door of my apartment. Why can't the apple TV streaming box determine when I've left my apartment from the front door. If they did this then locks wouldn't have to support ultra wideband because Apple home supports it by default. 

It would be nice if Apple home supported garage doors. Right now, through third reality my garage door looks like a lightbulb. I changed the icon to a rectangular icon and created open garage door and close garage door scenes. It still looks weird that the garage door isn't open or closed, but on or off.

I do appreciate the Apple adaptability for lights. Really cool. Again I wish but the light didn't have to support it, but Apple would support it outside of the light.

I've had Parkinson's symptoms now for over 30 years and Apple home help me live alone and maintain my life. I currently have 31 devices hooked up to Apple home.
  7. @kofther1344: Need to solves reliability. There are times something creeps into my smart home network and things start behaving badly. I have to restart my Apple TVs and HomePods. Too much work if the industry wants to move beyond the DIY crowd (imo). I did see that the Thread Group is working on an app that will help diagnose the bad actors in the mesh. In beta and just Android to start.

- Apple Confirmed 2026 iPad 12th Gen DELAY: Kind: captions Language: en So, about the iPad 12, if you were expecting Apple to casually drop it any day now, maybe alongside a WWDC announcement or a quiet press release on a random Tuesday afternoon, yeah, that's probably not happening anymore. We've just had a pretty telling update straight from Apple themselves. And while it's not exactly dramatic, it has changed the timeline quite a bit and more importantly explains why things have gone a bit quiet. But before we dive into this, quick favor. Around 90% of you guys watching these videos aren't subscribed, which is kind of mad considering how deep we go into Apple leaks, rumors, and long-term analysis. So, if you enjoy this kind of breakdown, hit subscribe and tap the hype button. Now, the information comes from Apple CFO Kevin Parrick during a recent earnings call. And I know, I know earnings call doesn't exactly scream exciting Apple news. It sounds like something you'd fall asleep to halfway through, but buried in that call was a very important hint about the iPad 12. Parrick mentioned that Apple expects its iPad revenue in the current quarter to face what he called a difficult compare compared to last year. And while that sounds like corporate jargon because it kind of is, it tells us something very simple. Last year, Apple launched the iPad 11 with the A16 during the same periods. So naturally, sales are boosted. This year they're basically saying, don't expect the same boost. And the only reason for that, there's no new base iPad launching this quarter. So, just like that, we can confidently rule out the iPads while releasing before the end of June, which means WWDC is off the table. No surprise iPad reveal. No John Turners pulling an iPad out of nowhere for the crowd to go wild. It's just not happening. Now, at first, that sounds like bad news because for a while, it felt like the iPad 12 was right around the corner. We had leaks, we had code references, we had reports saying it was basically ready to go. And to be fair, that part hasn't changed. According to Mark German, the iPad 12 is essentially finished, like sitting somewhere in a factory, fully boxed up, just waiting for someone to give the green light, which makes our situation even more confusing. If it's ready, why isn't it here? And while this is where things get interesting because it starts to look less like a delay caused by problems and more like a deliberate timing decision, Apple's very particular about when it releases products, they don't just throw everything out at once unless they absolutely have to. And right now their focus seems to be elsewhere. We've had the MacBook Neo getting a lot of attention recently and if Apple dropped the iPad 12 at the same time, it would immediately split that attention. People would start comparing the two and suddenly neither product gets spotlight Apple wants. So instead, it looks like the iPad 12 has been politely asked to wait its turn. And honestly, that makes sense. Apple loves giving each product its own moment. Also, do remember that Apple's actually been struggling to meet demand for the MacBook Neo because they've run out of bin A18 Pro chips. So, amongst all this supply chain mess, releasing another in- demand product like the iPad 12 might not be the best move. Now, the question is, how much longer are we talking? Well, based on everything we're hearing right now, a launch later this year seems pretty likely. If not summer, then probably September. And yes, I know waiting until September for a base iPad sounds a bit excessive, but it wouldn't be the first time Apple's done something like this. We have seen base iPads launch during September before. Also, there is a small possibility, which I know some of you guys won't like, that it slips even further, maybe early next year. I don't think that's the most likely outcome, but the fact that rumors have gone a bit quiet recently doesn't exactly scream imminent launch. Now, let's talk about what we're actually getting when this thing finally does show up. because while the timing is uncertain, the specs are relatively consistent. The biggest upgrade here is going to be the chipset. Right now, the current base iPad runs on the A16, which is fine, but it has one pretty big limitation. It doesn't support Apple intelligence, and that's becoming a problem because every other iPad in Apple's range already supports it. The iPad Mini, the iPad Air, the iPad Pro, they're all part of Apple's AI push. Meanwhile, the base iPad's just sitting there like it missed the group chat. So, the iPad fixes that. We're expecting either the A18 or possibly the A19, depending on which report you believe. And honestly, either one gets the job done, both support Apple intelligence, which is the main goal here. Now, whether you actually care about Apple intelligence right now, is a completely different question because let's be honest, in its current state, it's not great. It exists. You can use it. You might even enjoy using it for 5 minutes before going back to doing whatever you were doing before. But the important part is where it's heading. Apple is clearly building towards a much smarter version of Siri, much more useful AI tools, and deeper integration across the system. And when that happens, you don't want to be stuck on that one device that can't keep up. So, even if it doesn't feel central today, it probably will in a year or two. Alongside the new chipset, we're also expecting 8 gigs of RAM. And this is actually a bigger deal than it sounds. More RAM means better multitasking, smoother performance, and apps staying open for longer in the background. It also ties directly into Apple intelligence since those features rely quite heavily on memory. So again, even if you're not planning to use any of these AI features straight away, this upgrade still makes a pretty big difference in everyday usage. Beyond that though, don't expect anything dramatic. The design is expected to stay pretty much the same, which isn't surprising because Apple already refreshed the base iPad design in 2022. And since then, the design has basically become the standard across the entire iPad range. So, we're likely getting the same flat edges, same display, same overall look. Maybe a couple of new colors if we're lucky. Although, knowing Apple, they'll probably recycle the same exact colors again. I'm still holding hope for something a little more interesting, though. Give us an orange iPad or a proper green. The base iPad is the one place Apple can have a bit of fun with the colors, so they might as well lean into it. Now, of course, because this is still the cheapest iPad, some compromises are going to stick around. The display will almost certainly remain non laminated, and yes, I can already see the comments. Why hasn't Apple fix this yet? Is it really that hard? Short answer, yes and no. They could change it, but it would increase the cost. And this iPad exists to hit a very specific price point. Also, and I know this isn't the most exciting explanation, but this iPad is often used by students and kids, and those two groups aren't exactly known for treating devices like fragile museum pieces. So, having something slightly easier to repair isn't the worst thing. This also means no OLED and no 120 Hz refresh rates, but the iPad Air doesn't even have those yet, so the base iPad definitely isn't getting them anytime soon. And honestly, that's fine for this price. Because at the end of the day, this iPad's all about value. It's meant to be simple, reliable, and affordable. And as long as the performance is solid, which it will be, most people won't care about the rest. Now, for those who aren't patient and can't be waiting weeks or months for the new iPads, I suggest two things. You can either get the iPad 11 today at a discount, which is still a great iPad. I have one. And aside from the lack of Apple Intelligence, it does everything an iPad needs to do, or you can go for a refurbished iPad off Apple's website with the M2 chipset that cost $3.99 and gives you Apple Intelligence right now, plus a more premium experience overall with a laminated panel and Apple Pencil Pro support. And if you think about it, many of the upgrades the iPad Air has are things the iPad 12 won't even get. Namely, the laminated display. That's one thing a lot of base iPad customers want. And well, the iPad 12 won't get it as I explained earlier, but the iPad Air already has this and is available for slightly more than the iPad 12. It might get less support because it's an older iPad. It's the M2 version that came out 2 years ago, but regardless, if you want better specs, that option is available right now. But if you want me to keep you updated the moment we get a release date for the iPad 12 or if anything changes with the specs, make sure you subscribe and tap the like button. It generally helps the channel grow and it keeps you in the loop with everything Apple. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @glowupforce.00 [12 likes]: They said it will come in February I waited, they said it will come in march i Waited, they said that it will come in April i waited i am fed up now i am going for ipad 11gen 😭😭
I cant believe Apple
  2. @Blueiscoool [6 likes]: The endless Apple delay!
  3. @1ctf749 [2 likes]: Hope it comes out in September with A19 instead of A18 tbh .
  4. @naukana2 [2 likes]: Ugh!!! Typical for Apple 😡 I was waiting for it to use this upcoming school year. I need an upgrade and this was going to be the one.
  5. @mrmartywaring [1 likes]: My A16 iPad 11 still works good
  6. @anitaggarwal7445 [1 likes]: Apple likes to upgrade 1 chip gen in 2 years for 3-4 base model. So, updating 3-4 gens in 2 years was unlikely
  7. @Danish_Khairul [1 likes]: Is it worth to wait for the Ipad 12th or just buy the Ipad 11th instead? I need an Ipad for my foundation studies in July..
  8. @amirbulachev6984 [1 likes]: Please can you guys short tell me about basic things in this video, I can’t translate sound track😢
  9. @jayedwards4787: This guy is the King of Clickbait ...BREAKING NEWS ! --no idea yet when IPad 12 will arrive ...he laughed at the ONLY guy who said the IPad 12 was cancelled for March release ...here it is May  and ...this guy is saying summer or fall...  maybe winter , maybe next year!  BREAKING NEWS !
  10. @Emet.V: Im ok with this, I found a base iPad Pro M5 11inch for 499$ before tax. I found it mint condition 100% battery, Zero scratches. The person who returned it with their password still on it at the set up screen. I went to the Apple Store to get it to factory. Waited for around 30 minutes. Showed them my receipt and they got it reset. I got the folio case and the Apple Pencil Pro. I use my base A16 IPad as a backup. Still would like the updated one. 

I like the IPad because of its modularity, I like the IPad Pro for its crisp screen and smooth frame rate for games. Also the how quick it is.  I would compare the A16 as a Pick up truck. Does what it needs to do. The IPad Pro just being a F150 Raptor. I like both, I just have more options with the faster one. 
The accessories are what sell this for me. Now being able to use thunderbolt 4 with this is a nice addition. Makes mirroring very easy. The brightness on here is nice. The weight is great as well. Even with a case it’s still light. 

Im not a big multitasker  or use it like a normal computer, even after 26 release i still use it as a regular IPad, i prefer it that way. If i need to multitask i just use my base iPad with my IPad Pro. It’s actually a great experience. If you ever get the opportunity it’s pretty cool. 😎
  11. @tanhajatika.0401: I have waited too long….
Now when I have money and planing to upgrade this year, the shit brand decides not to release any base iPhone or base iPad for a entire year 👍🏻 moving to Samsung
  12. @Rayan-o6n1g: I'm really sad that the apple iPad 12th generation is mostly likely not going to come in may and June. It didn't even come in march April now it's not coming in may and June this made me really sad I hope the Apple iPad 12th generation is coming later this year September if it comes in 2027 or 2028 then I will be so mad and sad.😥😥😥😥
  13. @StellarGuy-u1e: 3:52 Every other iPad, and all Macs, and all iPhones, the Apple TV, etc*
  14. @SalivatingSteve: Just like the HomePod they don’t want to release the iPad 12 until the new Siri is ready. So a fall release is more likely after iOS 27 releases. Also the iPad A16 is barely a year old. I got mine for on sale for $289 back in October. Works great. And if you really want local AI, it can run Liquid AI’s Apollo app, or the Google AI Edge Gallery app.
  15. @Boldstudent: Is it possible to come out early August or will it prolly come in September?
  16. @YordanoCorreaTapiero: GUATAFOQ

- how to start a SUCCESSFUL small business in 2026 🌷📦 the ULTIMATE guide, advice, everything i learned: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] starting your own small business if you're anything like me when I was first trying to start my own small business you're probably watching a lot of videos on YouTube trying to figure out how to actually get started and grow your shop and getting super inspired by watching others pack hundreds of orders on their channels I remember when I was first starting out I wished I could see not only the logistical side of how others got started but also the methods people use to stay on track to actually make progress towards their goals so in this video I want to share with you my journey and the most important lessons I learned along the way to hopefully help you get inspired and see how possible starting and growing your small business actually is I hope this helps please keep in mind that I am not an expert and I do not have the hugest most successful shop so I would take my advice with a grain of salt but because I have a few years of experience running my shop I hope that what I share can help you to not make the same mistakes that I did I would say that my journey really began when I opened up a journaling account on Instagram in high school at this point I did not have any intention to sell anything I was just creating for fun but I started gaining a following and took notice of that and started to actually take it more seriously but one mistake that I made at this point was that I really didn't have a big picture idea for where this account was taking me so even though I had grown a following to around 28 000 followers over two years it was really hard for me to stay motivated to keep posting because I couldn't see the purpose of continuing to pour so much effort into this account that I couldn't really see as being part of my future so from this I learned two main lessons the first lesson is that consistency actually works and I'm sure that you've heard this many many times before but I think that consistency works not only for the reason that it pleases the algorithm but mainly because each time that you post consistently you're exercising a skill of creating posting and sharing your work which ultimately leads you to develop your own unique style and voice and and in my case that style really helped me to build my following and the second lesson that I learned is that you really need to have a big picture idea of where your goals are taking you even if you're just getting started because you like creating I would still recommend that you have a big picture idea or plan as to what you're going to do because everybody changes and everybody's interests change so if you don't have a Clear Vision for why these are your goals you will find it much more difficult to continue working towards your goals when things aren't going as smoothly as you expected them to the next key moment was when I actually had the idea of starting my own shop given that I already had a following on Instagram it seemed possible for me to open up a shop and start selling my own designs so once that idea entered my brain I got planning and I started thinking about what I'd want to sell and in this stage I really was planning and thinking and planning and thinking without any action and for over a year I made zero actual tangible progress towards opening up my shop now from this I learned that ultimately there's only so much planning that you can do and you will learn a hundred times faster starting out on your own journey and learning along the way then trying to learn everything from other people's experiences on the internet and of course this doesn't apply if you're not the type of person to overthink everything and never get started because I do think that it's important to balance the thinking with action and too much of either one is probably not the most efficient in the long run continuing on the next key moment in my journey was when I actually started designing my own products I had finally saved up enough money to fully commit to buying an iPad Pro apple pencil and procreate so I bought it and started getting to work and I quickly learned that I may have developed my own unique style from creating my journal spreads but creating sticker sheets in the art prints was a completely new thing for me so you could say that I was less than satisfied with my work still feeling inspired to improve my designs though I went to school and I remember that my group of friends asked me if they could see the progress on my design so far so I hesitantly showed them and I just remember that their reactions were pretty mixed some of them were hyping me up a lot and some of them were really quiet I really don't blame them because we were all just tired high school students trying to get by but because I cared about my shop a lot and was really excited about it at the time the lack of reaction from the quiet friends did affect me now what I learned from this experience is something that really stuck with me and it's basically to not share your goals or plans with others before you actually execute them and I know that this can sound a little sad but I learned that I work best this way because there's no pressure to perform well from the very beginning I do think that this is why my journaling account grew as quickly as it did because even until I had thousands of followers no one other than my sister knew about the account and looking back it really was easier for me to post when I was sharing my work with people that I didn't know and I think that this goes against some of the advice that recommends people to share their businesses when they're starting out with the people that they know in real life to get it off its feet and bring some attention to it but ultimately for me in my experience I found that growing my audience and following organically was the way that I developed my own skills to reach a bigger audience which is what I wanted my shop to do I wanted it to reach people outside of my own community and of course this really depends on your personality and how you work best because telling other people about your goals may keep you accountable or motivate you even more but this was really just a key Insight that I had with myself and how I work best and it's also the reason why I didn't tell anyone else except my boyfriend that I was starting this YouTube channel the next key moment is probably the most important thing that you could take away from this video and it's basically when I set a hard deadline for when I would open my shop this hard deadline meant that no matter how many products I had created or finalized I would just announce my shop and start selling I basically set this hard deadline because I was really tired of wanting to start something so badly yet contradicting Myself by not starting it for too long and because the shop was something that I really knew that I wanted to start I decided that I should probably get it done before College app season because I was a high school senior at this point from my one year of doing nothing so in order to finish everything before College app season that meant that I had to open my shop in around six weeks and within those six weeks I really got to work immediately after I finished school work and my other extracurriculars I would just get started on designing during these six weeks I really promised myself that I would open no matter what so this deadline actually scared me and I was designing as I was researching manufacturers and materials packaging and equipment that I might need to start my shop and this is when I learned the importance of a deadline and by a deadline I mean a deadline that actually means something to you so if you haven't already create your deadline create your plan and just get to work because as you will get it done if you have that time pressure and that promise that you made to yourself that that deadline is real okay so the next key moment in my journey was when I actually opened and launched my shop I announced that I had started a shop account on my main journaling account and that day with that one announcement I gained around 700 followers who were interested in my products and after a few days of posting and showcasing my designs on my shop account it was finally launch day now I was really expecting my launch to be very successful like the many channels that I see on YouTube packing hundreds of orders so when my own launch happened I was actually pretty disappointed I got around 30 orders and made around 600 in sales I was super excited of course and grateful for all of the support and the fact that I was sending my work all around the world but it got me wondering what I might have done wrong and as to why my shop launch may have fallen short of my expectations looking back the number of orders I got for all of the mistakes that I made is actually a lot now these lessons that I learned are lessons that are more practical but number one keep your expectations moderate number two offer some cheaper shipping options when I launched my shop I only offered tracked shipping so that meant for international orders shipping would be eight dollars and fifty cents and for us orders shipping would be three dollars and fifty cents and keep in mind that I was selling flat sticker sheets and art prints that cost much less than eight dollars and fifty cents with flat paper goods it's a really good idea to start also offering untracked shipping options such as letter mail that can be much cheaper and more affordable for international orders where letter mail from the US is only two dollars and letter mail being sent within the US is less than one dollar the next lesson is to start off with as many products as you can so that the highest possible order total is greater back when I opened my shop I had two products where the highest possible order total was 18.50 but now given that I held a lot of shop updates and created many more products the highest possible order total is over a hundred dollars and just from a practicality standpoint of if you're selling physical products packing orders does take a long time so if your average order total is higher it's a lot more rewarding for the amount of effort that you're putting in the next lesson is to really consider which website to host on for me I decided to start off with my own website instead of etsy or any other selling platform that already had an existing Marketplace I thought that this would be a good idea because I already had a following and I really wanted to establish my brand now that I'm in University though and a lot busier I wonder if Etsy would have been a better idea because with Etsy you can continue to bring in sales through the Etsy search feature even if you're not actively trying to grow and maintain your social media accounts but this really could just be the grass looking greener on the other side because I haven't used Etsy as a platform myself and I have heard that Etsy does take a large percentage of the revenue that you make per order now the next tip that I have is also a practical one it is to streamline your packaging I know that you want it to look cute because I really really wanted it to but balance that cuteness with practicality if you want to grow and scale your small business you can't be putting in all of your time into packing a few orders because what will you do when you get hundreds of orders you really can't neglect other areas of your life just to pack orders because if you're a student like me or have a job or have other responsibilities you're going to have other things that you need to get to and packing all of your orders in a really nice fancy custom way isn't going to be the best use of your time now the next tip that I have is to consider digital products this is something that I'm looking into more this year because with digital products you don't need to worry about keeping an inventory or packing every order that comes in so especially for me as a student having a few digital products could be a great way for me to continue sharing my work while saving some time moving on the next key moment in my journey after my shop launch was when it was time for my next shop update as I was packing orders and dealing with that inner disappointment it was harder for me to post consistently and design other products for my shop update I think that this had to do with the fear of disappointing other people I thought that my next products for the launch had to be better than my original products and because of that pressure that I put on myself it was really hard to create anything the lessons that I learned from working towards my first shop update were to keep a Content calendar to help you stay consistent you're not going to be able to keep up if you continue creating posts just barely In Time by the time you need to post them this is something that I had been doing for two years with my journaling account and with my shop account I was creating posts right by the time I needed to post them and of course with this system you are going to burn out and you're going to run out of ideas so with the content calendar if you can batch create all of your posts and products by a certain date you don't need to worry about them constantly and you will ideally have posts and products ready to go so by the time that you need to post them the second lesson that I learned is to evaluate your primary platform early this is one of the things that I wish I had done because I would rather have YouTube be my primary platform knowing what I know now rather than Instagram this is because with Instagram you have to continually post and post and post every single week to have your content recommended to other people whereas with YouTube you can create content once a week and it can get recommended to people years down the line so in that way it's much more sustainable for my lifestyle currently as a student and I also do think that established YouTube channels have a more dedicated Following over a more short form content platform like Instagram or tick tock the third lesson that I learned from this is to try to detach yourself from your work so whether it performs well or bad don't get too happy or too disappointed and of course take the analytics into account but don't dwell over them just learn from them and move on to creating your next post or product because ultimately that's what's going to move you forward and lead to progress so a few shop updates later we're now at where I am now so I'm a sophomore studying computer science and art at Carnegie Mellon University and I'm still trying to devote more time to my shop but like I said instead of on Instagram through YouTube more consistently this is my second video on YouTube so I feel like I'm super new to the game but I'm so excited to build a community here and just share parts of my life and my journey on my shop productivity and University student things so if you're interested in any of those things please feel free to join my to subscribe and yeah see you guys in the next video thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @johannapark [801 likes]: hi everyone! i hope this guide can help you if you were thinking about starting your own small business! please feel free to ask me anything if you have any questions~ i would be more than happy to answer given my own experiences! thanks for watching :))
  2. @prm4uofficial [1 likes]: The point about treating your first 50 customers like friends rather than transactions is something most guides skip over — that repeat buyer loop is what actually sustains a small shop past month three. Did you find that consistent YouTube posting drove more shop traffic than Instagram, or was it the other way around? I've noticed small business creators who batch-film content one day a week stay way more consistent than trying to create daily 🎯
  3. @chethiOnlineShopping [1 likes]: Can you help me? 😢😢😊❤
  4. @OrlovAndreyManufactory [1 likes]: This is a lie. The video was filmed and published in 2023, but it's now 2026. Are they treating the audience as idiots? How can anyone trust other videos from this blogger?
  5. @jorginakei [1 likes]: Reminder to change the title to 2026
  6. @Shahbaznarajo: I am 10 years old and I wanna be a multitasker like Doctor fashion designer and artist
  7. @monit_shop.official: Hi, I’d like to offer video editing services. If you’re interested, can we get in touch?
  8. @RachealTam-w7d: Hi do you have a step of making your website?
  9. @VictoriaLohanePereiraFreitas: A senhora parece com o jeito da minha madrinha 👶🏼👩🏼
  10. @GoldBlueprintOfficial: how to start a SUCCESSFUL small business in 2026 🌷📦 the ULTIMATE guide, advice, everything i learned
  11. @praveenkumar-z1k2q: Thanks a lot. I’m planning on starting a small business with my bsf. And I’m involving my bigger sister also we’re 11 me and my bsf. And my sister is 18
  12. @Kāfēi_Girl: Thank you, great information shared from your experience. 😊
  13. @adeleraee: I want to start a bakery at around 22 - 27. I will also be in grad school by then. Chat, am I cooked?
  14. @maschaa28: 00:04 causally leaking names
  15. @hengamejafari-d5y: This completely changed the game for me!
  16. @flyingcat8565: Thank you for the practical tips and tricks! They are very practical, reflective, and humble 😊
  17. @HeliaDasneves: If all videos were like this, I’d be dangerous.
  18. @WquizzesActs: I was so lost I needed a map, but this video was the GPS.
  19. @jorgegalindes-x4d: Whoever made this video deserves a trophy and a parade.
  20. @marquettaaceret449: I’m blown away by how good this tutorial is!

- How to use Freeform | Apple Support: Kind: captions Language: en-US With Freeform you can create collaborative whiteboards with your friends and family using drawings, text, links, photos, and more. We'll show you how you can work together or alone to bring your ideas to life. You can use Freeform with iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Just make sure you and any friends who want to use it update to the latest software first. Let's take a look at how to use Freeform on your iPad. To start, open the Freeform app. On the left sidebar, you'll find options for viewing all your projects, recent canvasses you've worked on, shared boards, and more. When you want to start a new board, tap the Compose button at the top right of your screen. We're going to check out a board we've been working on with friends. for personal projects like mapping out a road trip or planning a volunteer project. We've created a board for a neighborhood party we're helping to organize. To add collaborators, tap the Share button in the upper-right corner. Then, select how you want to share -- we'll select a recent Messages conversation -- and tap Send. You can add to your board using the options at the top of your screen. Tap the Drawing button for a variety of tools and colors for writing and drawing. Or you can add a note with the Sticky Note button. Oh! It looks like our friend has just added one. Tap the Shape button to choose from different categories of shapes and objects to add to your board. Let's add one of the food shapes to go with our potluck list. Just tap a shape to add it. Actually, this one isn't quite right. If you want to undo something, you can tap the Undo button at the top right or you can touch and hold it for both undo and redo options. ♪ Gentle electronic music ♪ ♪ There! This burger shape works much better. Touch and hold an object to move it to wherever you'd like. And you can resize it too. To add text, you can tap the Text Box button or tap the Media button to add photos, videos, PDFs, and more. We're going to add a photo. Tap Photos or Videos, tap a photo to select it, and then tap Add. We'll move this photo by our music plans about where the band can set up. With a few adjustments, this looks great! You can also tap an object for more customizations or to delete it. Every object will have different options like cropping for photos or formatting for text, like fonts and colors. Now, let's pinch to zoom out so we can review all our work. In the upper-left corner of your board, tap the arrow to the right of the title for options to show or hide the grid lines, export your board as a PDF, and more. Just tap the arrow again when you're done. Oh, it looks like a friend is adding a new theme to our list. This night is going to be awesome! And that's how you can start creating, collaborating, and organizing with others in Freeform. To learn more about your Apple devices, subscribe to the Apple Support YouTube channel or click another video to keep watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jan.993 [6 likes]: I used to use this a lot for my orchem notetaking, but stopped using it bcs IT HEATS UR IPAD like it’s insane
  2. @calmlm [1 likes]: We have Wacom. We need pen tools on macOS
  3. @cesarsnery [1 likes]: PLEASE don't stop making this app better. Is SO useful. It changed the creative workflow of our team. And please add the ability to put comments and notes on the items added to a shared board. Cheers
  4. @mohhavitgunawan [1 likes]: Please add a group by project feature, so we can organize each project 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  5. @Twitledum9 [1 likes]: I just got the m4 ipad pro with the pencil
Pro and free from is laggy ad hell... and im not doing anything fancy! Just handwriting and rarely, pictures of the whiteboard......:( it's amazing how bad it feels :(((
  6. @anime_imax [1 likes]: need some features like,
dark mode , auto scrolling etc ...
  7. @shivamjain945 [1 likes]: There is no dark mode in the app. :face-red-droopy-eyes:
  8. @nor0845 [1 likes]: How do you change the background colour? For instance, if you want a vintage Journalling look with sepia colour paper.
  9. @CandAG-c5c: You might want to update this
  10. @AerialLensVideo: Can freeform be used to zoom-in or zoom-out of calendar, and are there calendar (like a wall calendar with current month) templates available?
  11. @moneyfueled1056: DARKBOARD please
  12. @viniciuslessa3480: Dark mode or background color. Why it’s not there yet? Is it that hard?
  13. @ServusDeiLux: where are folders or tags at least????
  14. @matthewsachaullymce279: is there anyway to collapse/expand an item with it’s “child” like in mindmap?
  15. @martinsaunders2942: I am waiting for Apple and other App developers to add an option to make using an Apple pen possible for left handed people. At present it is almost impossible to use, because when trying to write or draw, the hand is always resting on..and activating the menu!!  There should be some option to move all the menu items to the right side of the screen for left handed writers..
  16. @iupnext7135: Very informative video
  17. @abubakeraria3382: It’s good but it’s very unstable and glitchy for me idk why
  18. @Yourmomschesthairs123: Hey so how do I flip images
  19. @nishantraj4553: Ipad heat ups highly once it gets loaded with many pictures & text
  20. @joeypk12: Add a pen tool in MacOS please!!

- Top 5 Mobile Gaming News: Mobile Gaming in 2026 Is Getting Absolutely CRAZY: Kind: captions Language: en Mobile gaming has changed again and we're&nbsp; here with another week of mobile gaming news&nbsp;&nbsp; for you. All right, I'm going to say something&nbsp; that may sound a little bit drastic at first,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you're really paying attention to what's&nbsp; happening in mobile gaming right now, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; realize that this is actually true. This past week&nbsp; may have actually given us a clear look at what&nbsp;&nbsp; mobile gaming is going to look like in the future,&nbsp; what the future of the industry is actually going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be shaped into. And I'm not just talking&nbsp; about one game. I'm talking about one entire&nbsp;&nbsp; update to the industry. I'm talking about a series&nbsp; of shifts all happening at the same time that are&nbsp;&nbsp; starting to completely reshape how mobile games&nbsp; are made, how they're monetized, and how you, me,&nbsp;&nbsp; experience them as a player. We're seeing pressure&nbsp; on app stores. We're seeing AI starting entire&nbsp;&nbsp; development pipelines. And we're seeing console&nbsp; quality games push onto mobile again. We're seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; players start to push back against live service&nbsp; overload. and we're seeing the rise of something&nbsp;&nbsp; that might completely eliminate the idea of mobile&nbsp; only gaming altogether. So yeah, this is one of&nbsp;&nbsp; those videos that you just don't want to casually&nbsp; watch, but you want to actually understand what's&nbsp;&nbsp; going on within the industry because the players&nbsp; who understand these shifts early, they're the&nbsp;&nbsp; ones who make better decisions about where to&nbsp; spend their time and their money. So today, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; breaking down the top five biggest mobile gaming&nbsp; news stories in the past week. Let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; something that many players completely overlook,&nbsp; and I'm talking about the shift in the app stores.&nbsp;&nbsp; This might be one of the most important forces&nbsp; shaping mobile gaming right now, and that's the&nbsp;&nbsp; battle over who controls monetization in mobile&nbsp; games. Now, on the surface, this may sound boring.&nbsp;&nbsp; app stores, policies, payment systems. But trust&nbsp; me, this affects literally every game you play.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because right now, companies like Apple and Google&nbsp; take a significant cut, often around 30% of inapp&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases. So, this means if you spend $100 in&nbsp; the game, the developer doesn't get all that.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are only getting at most $70. Now, imagine&nbsp; if you're a game developer. You're building a&nbsp;&nbsp; live service game. You're consistently updating&nbsp; it. You're paying teams, servers, marketing, and&nbsp;&nbsp; 30% of your revenue is gone instantly. So, what&nbsp; are developers starting to do? They're looking for&nbsp;&nbsp; ways around this system. And this past week, we've&nbsp; seen more games experimenting with external web&nbsp;&nbsp; stores. You might have already noticed this. Some&nbsp; of the games offer better deals on their websites,&nbsp;&nbsp; give bonus currency if you purchase outside&nbsp; the app, or even push players towards external&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases entirely. One of the games that does&nbsp; this is one that I play regularly on this channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; Diablo Immortal. They've opened up their own web&nbsp; store where you can get more discounts from buying&nbsp;&nbsp; there. They even are offering extra money on your&nbsp; currency that you buy from buying it outside of&nbsp;&nbsp; the shop because even if they give you 10% more&nbsp; free in their store, they're still saving 20%&nbsp;&nbsp; because they're not having to pay that 30% fee&nbsp; from the Apple store or the Android shop. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is happening in all games everywhere. Supercell's&nbsp; doing it. 10 Cent's doing it. Blizzard's doing&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Everyone's doing it. Now, let's slow down and&nbsp; really think about what this means, because this&nbsp;&nbsp; is where things get interesting. If developers&nbsp; successfully move more purchases outside of the&nbsp;&nbsp; app stores, they keep more of their revenue. And&nbsp; when developers keep more revenue, that's more&nbsp;&nbsp; flexibility, which can mean better rewards, more&nbsp; generous systems, less pressure to aggressively&nbsp;&nbsp; monetize inside the game. But then there's another&nbsp; side to this, and this is where it gets a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit sticky, I guess you could say. Because now,&nbsp; instead of everything being simple and contained&nbsp;&nbsp; in one place, players have to navigate multiple&nbsp; systems. You might be logging into a web store,&nbsp;&nbsp; linking accounts, managing purchases across&nbsp; multiple platforms. And for casual players,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's going to be friction. It's going to be a&nbsp; problem for them. So, we're entering this really&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting phase where the industry is trying&nbsp; to become more efficient, but potentially at the&nbsp;&nbsp; cost of simplicity. Now, here's my take, and this&nbsp; is important because this shift is not temporary.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's the beginning of a long-term change. Over&nbsp; the next 1 to two years, you're going to see&nbsp;&nbsp; more games build out full external ecosystems,&nbsp; reward players for buying outside the shop,&nbsp;&nbsp; and slowly reduce reliance on app store systems.&nbsp; And if this happens, mobile gaming monetization&nbsp;&nbsp; could look completely different than it does&nbsp; today. And let's be honest here, this is also&nbsp;&nbsp; going to impact Apple and Android because they're&nbsp; going to be making less money. Of course, there&nbsp;&nbsp; still will be transactions made inside of their&nbsp; shop and they'll still be getting their cut, but&nbsp;&nbsp; a good chunk of their transactions probably from&nbsp; the more endgame players, the bigger spenders,&nbsp;&nbsp; are going to be taken off the apps. Now, let's&nbsp; talk about something that honestly is going to&nbsp;&nbsp; impact every game you play. It's literally&nbsp; impacting all of us everywhere in our daily&nbsp;&nbsp; lives. And this is the rise of AI mobile game&nbsp; development. Yeah, sometimes people aren't making&nbsp;&nbsp; the games anymore. Now, when people hear AI, they&nbsp; usually think about chat bots or image generators,&nbsp;&nbsp; but but what's happening in game development is&nbsp; much bigger than that. Companies like Tencent and&nbsp;&nbsp; Netis are investing heavily into AI tools that can&nbsp; assist with world generation, character animation,&nbsp;&nbsp; dialogue systems, event creation, player&nbsp; behavior analysis. And here's why this matters.&nbsp;&nbsp; Traditionally, creating content for a game takes&nbsp; time, takes a lot of time, designers, artists,&nbsp;&nbsp; programmers, testers, everything is manual. But&nbsp; AI changes that. AI allows developers to generate&nbsp;&nbsp; environments faster, iterate on ideas instantly,&nbsp; personalize content at scale. But let's pause for&nbsp;&nbsp; a second because this is where things get really&nbsp; interesting for you and me as a player. Imagine a&nbsp;&nbsp; game where events change based on how you play and&nbsp; NPCs react differently depending on your actions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Content updates happen constantly instead of&nbsp; monthly. It's not theoretical, guys. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're doing. This is what's going on in&nbsp; the industry. Because like everything else we've&nbsp;&nbsp; talked about, there's a trade-off because speed&nbsp; doesn't always equal quality. And if developers&nbsp;&nbsp; rely too heavily on AI, you risk losing the&nbsp; handcrafted feel that makes games more memorable.&nbsp;&nbsp; So the question becomes, will AI make games&nbsp; better or just faster? And my answer is the best&nbsp;&nbsp; games will use AI as a tool, not a replacement.&nbsp; developers who are able to combine AI efficiency&nbsp;&nbsp; with strong creative direction. Those are the&nbsp; ones who are going to dominate the next era of&nbsp;&nbsp; mobile gaming and probably gaming as a whole. Now,&nbsp; let's talk again about these AAA games, basically&nbsp;&nbsp; console and PC games coming over to mobile. And&nbsp; this is getting a lot of people's attention right&nbsp;&nbsp; now. And it's because people want these solid AAA&nbsp; experiences on their mobile devices. And when you&nbsp;&nbsp; think about it, as we get older as gamers, as I&nbsp; am myself, I have less time to game on my PC or my&nbsp;&nbsp; console, and I have a lot more time to play it on&nbsp; my tablet or my phone that's with me all day long&nbsp;&nbsp; on the side while I work. We've already seen major&nbsp; titles like Resident Evil Village, Assassin's&nbsp;&nbsp; Creed Mirage make their way onto mobile devices.&nbsp; And every time this happens, it creates hype&nbsp;&nbsp; because the idea is simple. What if your phone&nbsp; could replace your console? Now, on paper, that&nbsp;&nbsp; sounds incredible. full games, high-end graphics,&nbsp; deep gameplay systems, all in your pocket. But&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the reality, and this is something not&nbsp; enough people talk about. Mobile hardware, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; still inconsistent. Yeah, your high-end phones can&nbsp; run these really great games, but not everyone has&nbsp;&nbsp; that high-end equipment. And even if they do,&nbsp; there could be issues like battery drain, heat,&nbsp;&nbsp; storage limitations. So, what ends up happening&nbsp; is you get a fragmented experience. Some players&nbsp;&nbsp; are getting an amazing version of the game while&nbsp; others struggle to even run it. Now, for a deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective, it creates a huge challenge. The&nbsp; developers build out for the best gaming devices&nbsp;&nbsp; or do they optimize for the majority or something&nbsp; in between? My opinion here is build out for the&nbsp;&nbsp; best but have abilities to scale down so that any&nbsp; devices can play and still experience your game.&nbsp;&nbsp; It just may not look as good or have as many Bloom&nbsp; effects. We've seen many AAA titles come. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; I play Diablo Moral on a regular basis, which is&nbsp; a Diablo title on mobile. And in my opinion, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the best Diablo minus the monetization.&nbsp; You also have games like Destiny 2, Borderlands,&nbsp;&nbsp; all on mobile devices, which I think is a great&nbsp; shift. Now, unfortunately, the whole way that&nbsp;&nbsp; the system works also changed for mobile as well,&nbsp; often including more than you would like amounts&nbsp;&nbsp; of monetization and microtransactions. Now, let's&nbsp; get on to the next topic. And this is something&nbsp;&nbsp; that I know all of you are feeling right now.&nbsp; I feel it myself in many of the games that I&nbsp;&nbsp; play. And I'm talking about live service fatigue.&nbsp; You're like, "Okay, what is that?" Let me explain&nbsp;&nbsp; it like this. Think about the games that you&nbsp; play right now. Now, think of how many of those&nbsp;&nbsp; games are asking you to log in daily, complete&nbsp; tasks, grind events, progress battle passes,&nbsp;&nbsp; keep up with limited time event content. It's a&nbsp; lot. And this past week, we've seen more and more&nbsp;&nbsp; discussion about players feeling overwhelmed.&nbsp; Not because there's nothing to do, but because&nbsp;&nbsp; there's too much to do. And here's the problem.&nbsp; When everything feels important, nothing feels&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyable. And actually, if we relate this to&nbsp; Diablo Immortal, a game that I played daily, they&nbsp;&nbsp; just implemented an AFK farming feature, an auto&nbsp; fararmming feature inside of the game where over a&nbsp;&nbsp; week's span of time, you get 24 hours of autoplay&nbsp; where you can go in the open world and farm to&nbsp;&nbsp; help keep your account up in level. Something&nbsp; that many people don't have time to grind, so&nbsp;&nbsp; that when you do dive into the game, you are able&nbsp; to do things that you may actually want to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; like special events or PvP or things like that.&nbsp; I personally love the feature. Everyone doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; because it is an auto mechanic. But it does solve&nbsp; a problem of people not having the time to grind&nbsp;&nbsp; their account doing the boring things that you&nbsp; don't really want to do after 3 years of playing&nbsp;&nbsp; the game. And that's what I'm talking about&nbsp; where nothing feels enjoyable. Instead of playing&nbsp;&nbsp; because you want to, you start playing because you&nbsp; feel like you have to. And that's where burnout&nbsp;&nbsp; starts. And it's something that we have all felt&nbsp; in our mobile games. Now for a deeper perspective,&nbsp;&nbsp; I understand why it's happening. line service&nbsp; events increase retention, increase engagement,&nbsp;&nbsp; increase monetization. But there is a tipping&nbsp; point, of course, and I think that's where we're&nbsp;&nbsp; starting to reach right now. Players are becoming&nbsp; more selective. They're starting to drop games&nbsp;&nbsp; that feel like a chore, and they're gravitating&nbsp; towards games that respect their time. I actually&nbsp;&nbsp; recently dropped a game on my channel that I&nbsp; was playing daily, and I felt like it was just&nbsp;&nbsp; more chore than fun, and that game was Kingshot.&nbsp; It's a great game, but it had a lot of time of me&nbsp;&nbsp; clicking in it every day just to get silly daily&nbsp; tasks done that I found weren't fun. So instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; I chose to invest my time in other games that&nbsp; I enjoy more, like Raid Shadow Legends or like&nbsp;&nbsp; Diablo Immortal or any other game that pops up&nbsp; in the App Store that I want to try out. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; are we heading towards a shift here with less&nbsp; demanding games, more flexible progression, and&nbsp;&nbsp; more player friendly systems? we could be heading&nbsp; that direction because people nowadays have less&nbsp;&nbsp; and less time to do their gaming sessions and&nbsp; they still want to get it in. So, we need our time&nbsp;&nbsp; respected. Next topic is crossplatform future. Is&nbsp; that the future of mobile gaming? I've been seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; more and more games over time that come to mobile,&nbsp; have a client on PC or on console, and they're&nbsp;&nbsp; just making their way over. And we're not just&nbsp; talking about stupid ports. This isn't a trend,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. It's a transformation. And that is the rise&nbsp; of true cross-platform gaming ecosystems. We're no&nbsp;&nbsp; longer in a world where games are limited to one&nbsp; device. We're moving into a world where your game&nbsp;&nbsp; exists everywhere. Companies like Hoyoverse have&nbsp; already known this and how powerful it can be.&nbsp;&nbsp; You could start on mobile, continue on PC, jump&nbsp; back in later on another device. Same account,&nbsp;&nbsp; same progress, same experience. And this is&nbsp; becoming the standard. Now think about what&nbsp;&nbsp; that means. You're no longer choosing between&nbsp; platforms. you're choosing when and how you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to play. And from a business standpoint, this is&nbsp; huge because it increases retention, engagement,&nbsp;&nbsp; and keeps players connected longer. But from a&nbsp; player standpoint, it gives you freedom because&nbsp;&nbsp; I can play anywhere, anytime, and however&nbsp; I want. And that's really awesome. If I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to be home and have the best, most immersive&nbsp; experience, I can do it on my PC, my big screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and just really feel like I'm in the game.&nbsp; But then when I'm waiting on the line in CVS,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can continue some of my grind if I want to.&nbsp; on my mobile phone. So, this type of crossover&nbsp;&nbsp; progression is awesome. I think that the industry&nbsp; is and has been heading in the right direction&nbsp;&nbsp; with this move, and I hope to see it continue.&nbsp; Actually, I'm pretty confident it will. So, yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; this past week, it isn't just another news cycle.&nbsp; It's a glimpse into everything and the way that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's all heading. This is a whole industry shift.&nbsp; So, this is actually a big one. The mobile gaming&nbsp;&nbsp; space is evolving fast. And if you're paying&nbsp; attention, you're already ahead of most players.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're paying attention cuz you subscribe to the&nbsp; channel and you see what's going on in the mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; gaming space. So, thank you. Remember, new things&nbsp; pop up in the mobile game space every single week,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I got it all covered here in the channel,&nbsp; including lists of some of the best games to play.&nbsp;&nbsp; I just put out a video giving you the best games&nbsp; to play this month and you should go check it

  Top Comments:
  1. @ECHO-Gaming [1 likes]: All mobile gaming news here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gfb-pTNtksc&list=PLWHd_1d0GxB2zEfN4QgOcW-UU1nGxW--O&pp=sAgC
  2. @Terrck56 [1 likes]: Yo bro
  3. @lHaVoKI [1 likes]: This was a very well put together video, with my experience with PC gaming, I saw a similar things happen with PC when Doom first came out and only certain PCS that had a certain graphics card could run it, I see this happening with the tablets and cell phones currently although technology is growing so fast it will catch up just like the PC did
  4. @Shagrath06 [1 likes]: NTE looks absolutely incredible for a mobile game. Also tried it on PS5, runs incredible.
  5. @Exuvium97: The shadow dropped announcement about Kingshot stung because you really got me into the game and I still play daily. But you know I won’t be going anywhere. Excited to see what games you dive into soon!!!
  6. @galaxybeaker4269: I just want to hear news of Borderlands Mobile, since their testing phase ended
  7. @neilwilson1720: Great explanation 👌  for mobile gaming since my Samsung s1 my first smartphone year's more than a decade ago I browse it daily played 100s of games, None has kept me like diablo has I'm loyal there especially being in top 5 dark clan and 100s of hours with my builds etc I love diablo, I mentioned The division resurgence I uninstalled it that time I don't have to do both, That burnout you mentioned to much to do as an an adult, So yes I agree mobile gaming is the way forward I don't touch the Xbox anymore like you said I have access to what is with me all day my phone great video bro well explained
  8. @SarahS-Cerabel: The Apple cut is one reason why I try not to buy anything in Diablo Immortal when playing on my iphone or ipad -- I wait to be on the desktop.
  9. @JRLowry-u3t: ECHO to ask do u know anything about star wars galaxy of heroes my question is the leveling please  um their gear slots levelup and promote i was wondering witch one to do first if u new please and thank you hope your family doing well
  10. @braduce06: Great video! I feel like games have lost the exploration part of gaming and now most games constantly directs players to objectives and content
  11. @Mike-j6f8z: I wish the diablo immortal web store had the battle pass on it. For some reason I can't use the in game app store on diablo immortal or swgoh
  12. @uncleRowboat: ...do you know if blizzard will accept Google play cards?
Or have thier own...,.
  13. @CorellaQueen: Age of Empires 2 is coming to Apple iPad

- How to Track iOS App Conversions in Google Ads with Firebase & GA4: Kind: captions Language: en And that is tracking the action. Consider that you should know how many users install your application. How many people engage, how many people purchase. All its data will come in Google Ads. Only then will you run the campaign and Google's system will optimize your ads accordingly. So that you can get maximum good results. Hi, if you have an application on Apple Play Store and want to promote it through Google Apps so that maximum number of users install it or purchase the app after installing it. So this is very easy but before promoting it in the campaign, it is necessary for you to do some setup because without that you cannot run the campaign and that is to try the action, means understand that you should know how many users install your application. How many people are engaged? How many people purchase? All its data will come in Google Ads. Only then will you run the campaign and Google's system will optimize your ads accordingly. So that you can get maximum good results. If you don't know how to do this tracking? How to set up these conversion actions? So let me tell you. These are very simple steps. There are two-three platforms in this which are free and you will have to use them. You cannot directly install Google Ads tracking into your application. So in this two platforms come in the middle. The first one is Firebase. This is a program of Google Ads. You have to create an account on this. When you create an account and add your apps , here you will get a step-by- step process on how to add them, which file to download and upload in your application. You have to send this file and instructions to your developer who can install it in your application. Its complete instructions are available there. Once installed and verified that you've uploaded the correct file, the app's activity will begin to be tracked in Firebase. Means how many users are installing and how many people are purchasing. Now we have to take this activity to Google Ads account. So you ca n't even move directly from Firebase to Google Ads. Google Analytics GA4 comes in between. So through Firebase you link the activity of your apps to Google Analytics. You can link it by going to data history and there are easy steps from there. So whatever activity of apps was being tracked through Firefox will now also be available in your Google Analytics. All events in Google Analytics will show you how many people started the session for the first time. Means is installed. How many people have subscribed, how many people have purchased. So from here you start getting data about what activity is happening on your apps. And this is conversion. If you have done this till here then the further process is very simple. You have to link these analytics accounts to your Google Ads. You can simply link it by going to the data manager. If Google Ads and Google Analytics are created from the same email ID then it is a very easy process. Once linked, all the application activity in Google Analytics will start appearing in Google Ads. And from here you can go to the Conversions section in Google Ads and create conversions through Google Analytics. So any activity that happens on the app is tracked by Firebase. From there it comes to Google Analytics and from there it comes to Google Ads and then on its basis you can create and promote your apps campaign. So these are simple steps. First of all you need to have the application live. After that, whatever the file code of Firebase is, it should be uploaded there so that it gets linked. Now the application has to be linked to Google Analytics through Firebase and from Google Analytics, you have to import all the data, activity, conversions into Google Ads. So these are the four steps by following which you can track your apps. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aniruptechnologiesllp: What challenges you have faced in ios app tracking in Google Ads?

- How I Code Apps SOLO That Actually Make Money (Idea + Build + Marketing Guide): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be going over everything that you need to know to think of an app idea build it and sell it and Market it on the internet to make your very first dollar off of an app that you built now in terms of why I think that you should listen to me on this topic is the fact that over the past 3 years I've built probably over 14 different apps but it wasn't until last year where I started making a few small changes to start actually making a couple hundred bucks now a couple thousand bucks with my latest products a month of recurring Revenue off of the apps that I've built and often times when I'm getting business or entrepreneur advice I find that a lot more help ful more actionable when there's someone that's a lot closer to me in that entrepreneurship game and I would argue that I am much closer to you than the other people on the internet that are making 30 50 $100,000 a month of recurring Revenue I'm not claiming to be an expert on this I'm literally just a random guy on the internet that loves to build apps make money off of them and Market them on the Internet so I hope you find this video useful and enough of me trying to beg you to watch this video let's just get into it so step number one coming up with an app idea I'm going to be very straightforward with this you don't need to come up with a new idea just copy what already exists out there one of the most common question that I get asked in my YouTube comments or in my Instagram DMS is how do you go out and validate your idea and if you watch a lot of other startup videos particularly from channels like y combinator that often tell you to go out and talk to your customers do user interviews iterate quickly see what they want does your product really solve a problem and that's all really good advice especially if you're trying to build a billion dooll company that has huge room for growth but I'm going to say this that if you are struggling to make your very first dollar on the internet you don't need to go through all that because you should just go out and build out a product that already exists out there by just building out an idea that already exists out there the other people have already done the hard part of validating that market for you you don't need to validate your product you know that it's validated and I know some of you are going to have a little bit of an ego just like I did in the beginning where you're like um but it's not original how am I going to differentiate it from all the other products out there no stop wait stop stop you're done you're done okay you're done you're so cooked right there drop the ego that doesn't matter originality is dead it does not matter especially in the early stages something that I always found really funny in software businesses compared to other business is that whenever you say that oh I'm going to build XYZ app someone's always really quick to say um that actually already exists and then I'm like okay why can't there be two apps to the same existing Solution that's almost like saying if someone wants to open up a hamburger restaurant and someone's like actually McDonald's already exists you actually can't make them anymore no there can be multiple restaurants that provide hamburgers similarly if there's one problem there can be multiple apps that solve that problem sorry tangent over let's get back on topic to the video I am personally a big fan of copying an idea first and then iterating it and differentiating it later on with your features and in fact my current app which is called mon. a it is an AI powered meeting recording tool that records meetings for you and transcribes them and I'm going to be very honest and own up to the fact that the reason why I built Monty in the first place was because I saw a lot of other AI meeting recording apps and tools out there making a ton of money and I was like okay clearly there's a big market for this so in the beginning I kind of just rebuilt what the other apps were already doing and now over time though I slowly differentiated it by adding particularly a meeting co-pilot feature which like listens in on meetings in real time and answers there's questions from those meetings based off information that you upload so that's a brand new feature that the other apps don't have but that differentiation didn't really come until I built out that base version of the app and started making money and the results of me just copying an idea that already exists was the fact that on launch day I was able to scale to $1,000 a monthly recurring Revenue within like one or two weeks because the market was already validated I knew people wanted to buy this product because the other people have already validated that market for me I would say go out on the internet go to like Twitter Reddit or even just scrolling through your Tik Tok Instagram or YouTube feed you're going to see certain apps marketing towards you and if you find those particular apps interesting and you think that you can rebuild them yourself just get after it and rebuild that same particular app number two is how to build your application now I know some of you are going to have a little bit of coding experience watching this video some of you are going to have no coding experience watching this video so while the experience level of the people watching this video might vary in terms of their development skills I do think that the advice I'm going to give applies to literally anyone from all skill levels from beginner to expert I will say in terms of building the apps out there there's so much confusion of what's the best textt de oh should I do remix should I do spelt should I do nextjs is nextjs too much hype okay there's so much noise and Nuance around that topic I really think you should just ignore all of it my personal two cents on this topic is when you're picking your text stack just pick a text stack that has the most developer support out there you don't want to be using a Tex St that you know not that many developers use and then when you run into a bug no one can really help you out even the llms can't help you out because they are trained off of the data out there on the public internet and if it's not that popular you're going to get less developer support so my opinion the most by far the most popular Tech stack out there for building web applications is nextjs yes is nextjs perfect no I really don't think so but it is one of the most popular if not the most popular web development framework for full stack app development and that is what I use to build all of my applications so don't get lost in the weeds don't get stuck in analysis paralysis of trying to pick the best framework or best tchack out there and then to host your next JS application I recommend using ver versel once again versel is not perfect it's expensive as hell but it is the easiest path forward and I really think that you should just optimize her ease of use rather than the quote unquote best solution right now is not the time to be a tech nerd you can save your tech nerdiness for another time all right and then if you want to build a mobile application I personally recommend using Expo which is based off of react native you can build crossplatform apps off of IOS and Android using one United codebase I do know some of you nerds out there are getting your pitchforks being like well actually capacitor JS is the better solution or actually you should build two separate native applications in cotland and Swift stop you're done get out of here you're cooked chat I don't get them out of here get out get out of my Channel right now all right I don't care what's the best I just think that Expo has a really great developer community and often times most people just want to build an app for both Android and iOS and I think Expo is the easiest solution to do that but then if you're building an app just for iPhones or just for Android then I think building with swift or cotlin is pretty valid as well it's a good option but I think Expo is more than enough and then for your backend provider for both your mobile application or your web application I personally recommend using superbase as your backend provider of choice the reason why I recommend superbase is the fact that it has a ton of products built into one it's almost like an all-in-one solution because it helps handle authentication for you handles databases for you it handles storage for you those three things right there is going to be the vast majority of your application and it is really convenient and also very affordable just to have one platform handle all of those aspects of your application for you but really the biggest reason why I recommend using subid base is the fact that it is really popular in the developer community so there is a ton of support the community is Super Active so you're going to be able to find solutions for common bugs that you might run into and then in terms of how to handle Payment Processing I would just go with stripe is is the most popular one it is very straightforward to use probably has the best developer documentation the best developer tooling out there I really wouldn't worry too much about using other providers like paddle or lemon squeezy I know people are like oh but it's a merchant of record you want to do good tax liability for international sale of goods okay let's be honest is that really your biggest issue is international tax compliance really the thing that is top of your mind no probably not so just stick with stripe trust me it's easy great developer tools all right so just a quick recap number one if you're building a full stack web application build it using nextjs and deploy it on verell if you're building a mobile application build it using Expo to build on both IOS and Android at the same time for your backend storage authentication use superbase for payment processing use stripe and then a last bonus tool that isn't necessarily required but it's very very helpful is post hog post hog is a really useful tool that lets you track events to see how your users are actually interacting with your application so when users click on a certain button or take a certain action you can track that event so you can see are users actually using certain featur features of your application or not and then it also has other really useful features like session recording which lets you see exactly how users are really using your application also it has support for letting you do experiments AB testing between different experiments or new features you're launching to see how improves or it hurts or app So eventually when you get to that stage where you do want to experiment with tracking how your users are using your app or running experiments I really think you should use post hog as your default for that last but not least how to Market and sell your product all right so this is where most developers get tripped up because a lot of developers can build a product they don't know how to Market and sell a product there's literally an infinite number of possibilities of ways to Market your application and I definitely won't be able to go over every single one of them out there but I'll go over some of the most popular ones so first off I want to talk about social media marketing particularly organic social media marketing kind of like how I said in the first section of this video in terms of how to come up with an idea for your application I said kind of scroll through media see what apps are being advertised to you and just rebuilding those apps similarly if you want to go out and make social media content to Market your app I really recommend going through social media finding other accounts other app accounts that are marketing their app and literally just copy their format chances are if the format works for them it's also going to work for you it's a viral format be Shameless about it don't have an ego about originality that doesn't matter it really doesn't matter once again do not care about the ego put the ego away you don't need to be original just copy the content that works for other software app accounts and literally remake them repurpose them and just do the same format for your app another nice form of social media marketing is Reddit advertising this one is really interesting where you kind of just lurk around Reddit to see where are people posting about their problems and you can just go in and then add type in your product or the app that you built as a potential solution to that problem when it works well it works really really well but at the same time Reddit is usually pretty strict about moderating these communities or the community mods are really strict about making sure like self-promotions are not allowed so they might delete your comments and you might get banned from certain subreddits tell me how I know yes I've been banned from certain subreddits for trying to Market it them in the past but it is still a very valid solution and I know a lot of people that do do it very very well there's actually certain tools that exist out there that actually help you monitor Reddit for certain keywords such that if you are looking for a certain keyword for your application that you want to Market on they will then send you every single post that pertains to that particular keyword and then you can go in comment your solution try to help out there really useful now with Reddit I personally haven't had a lot of success with it but I know a lot of my other founder friends have had a ton of success with Reddit so your mileage may vary I'm personally much more skilled in the social media aspect of things like making videos on Tik Tok and Instagram but I will say Reddit is really nice because it has a much lower barrier of Entry it's literally just a text post whereas with Tik Tok and Instagram and social media marketing it requires video editing video production which can get a little bit harder compared to just writing a post on Reddit and the great part about Reddit marketing is the fact that it still has very big viral potential if one of your posts goes viral on Reddit and at the same time you can comment on a lot of other posts that already exist out there that aren't necessarily viral but because Google and other search engines love Reddit so much often times what's going to happen is you can to find certain threads on Reddit being recommended on Google for a particular problem asking for a solution to a particular problem and as long as your comment exists in there there's going to be a chance that someone goes to that Reddit post sees your comment with a link to your product and then they're going to visit your website from that Reddit post so Reddit is super super powerful I highly recommend doing something where you leave a lot of comment on a lot of posts promoting your tool plugging your tool such that sure people that are on Reddit will natively find it there but even more importantly people that go search that problem from Google and end up on the website can then see that solution as well from your comment and on this topic of Google loving Reddit and recommending them in the search results is a good transition into the marketing topic of search engine optimization search engine optimization is basically figuring out ways maybe writing blog posts or doing guest blog posts or commenting on Reddit post to make sure that your app comes up on Google and other search engine results now I'm not the biggest expert on this field and I'll probably make a completely separate video talking about this but search engine optimization is a great marketing solution just the only downside is the fact that it has a lot less viral potential compared to Reddit marketing or Tik Tok and Instagram marketing and it's definitely a much longer longterm investment that can be super useful for you but you're not going to get as many short-term rewards in the future now kind of going back to social media another great example of social media marketing is influencer marketing basically just doing brand deals with influencers now be careful this is very very expensive because some influencers can ask for a ton of money and it's going to take a lot of time to find the influencers and negotiate back and forth with these creators but I will say when you find the right influencer it can really take your product from Z to 100 really really fast but it's also really difficult doing these brand Partnerships and these influencer brand deal because it's really hard often to find the right Creator product fit for your product but it is a very valid marketing solution and if it works well you can go from 0 to 100 super quick and often times you'll be able to see results instantly the minute the creators make a video that advertise your product once again there's no one solution fits all for all types of products out there but I will say if I had to choose just one or two marketing tactics to advertise certain software products on the internet I would really index super heavily on short form video on Tik Tok and Instagram to Market your product as well as Reddit I personally think that those two marketing strategies are going to be the ones that provide you the most return on investment in terms of time put into it it's going to be instant quick results often times because you'll be able to get a super quick signal to see is your post going viral or not and you can then validate your idea super quickly and hopefully get your very first customer and your very first transaction I'll probably make another video in the future where I go super in-depth into the various SAS marketing tactics but that'll be a video for another time cuz this video is already super long anyways that is my video on a complete a toz guide on how to come up with an app idea build it and Market it on the internet to hopefully help you make your very first dollar with your very first app that you developed let me know if you have any questions or comments leave them down below I will try my best to answer every single one that I can but that is it for today's video and I will see you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @DevDividend [1 likes]: This is basically MVP thinking applied to money.  
“Copy first, optimize later” is how most systems scale anyway.
Funny how devs accept this in code… but resist it in business 😅
  2. @parassharma1374: Son
  3. @MaheshKumarVaddadi: An avatar app that could literally sell any product.
  4. @alexherbert88: Selling smoke like almost everyone in YouTube, all this things works just in theory, you can develop you \r app, but hardly ca \n find customers without paying for  marketing or advertisement..
  5. @jalimasi123: me when I larp
  6. @strangelyawakened8398: Hello, I have several no competition app ideas, I don't know anything about making apps, would you be interested in speaking? You make the app ideas come to life we split it all 50/50 promise you I'm not wasting your time, there is a market for my apps people just don't know they need and want them yet. Give me a chance and hear me out please.
  7. @boundrosetarot: Please speak slower
  8. @aimforbillions: how do you make it with the ai app?
  9. @younesaitmanssour4887: Vps is cheaper nd more effektive than vercel
  10. @WhoisdannyD: Really appreciate all your hard work. These kind of posts are very tedious to create but so very important.!!
  11. @CoconutDestroyer3000: I'm not surprised that it's an Asian who tells me that I shouldn't do anything original.
  12. @timl7728: Like your down-to-earth approach! Subscribed your channel👍
  13. @keneilwemaotlane: Hey I've an idea and it's a great one to change future interpreneur and most lives though I need help I can't do it alone anyone who is willing to work with me please reach out
  14. @dailyfeeds4: Great video
  15. @elmotivadordesconocido4615: Yo sir! What do you think of firebase? I’m playing around with it. When I finish an app, I don’t know what to do 😂🤷🏻‍♂️
  16. @karterhudson4524: what if im only 14
  17. @jaysonbohac: Is there a way I can schedule a meeting with you I have an idea but I need more of an input to make it work. If anyone here including the author of this video understands ai and ai implementation please reach out I need the help.
  18. @isramanvibration: Does this video has Honda hybrid energy engine in reverse sounds?
  19. @chikeziecovenant191: Is flutter a good code choice
  20. @InfiniteJoy-w4t: Thanks bro  🙌 💯

- Grow Your Business with Apple, hosted by YourStory: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome to this special session grow your business with Apple hosted by YourStory. And today we are going to explore how behind every successful entrepreneurial journey lies a series of tough choices and few are tougher than the ones about technology. Because the right technology tools not just make work easier, they help move a business faster, build lasting trust with customers and attract the best talent. To discuss all of this today, we are joined by three incredible leaders who have navigated these challenges and built technology-first businesses that are shaping the future of work and growth in India. We have with us Sachin Bhatia, founder and chief growth officer at Exotel. Sunil Patro, founder and CEO of SignEasy. And Kiran Darisi, co-founder and CTO of Atomicwork. You know, I wanted to start by talking about what growth really means today because that has been at the heart of building every business. In a recent YourStory survey, we found that 94% of founders see growth as their top priority. But the way they define it varies. Sachin, I wanted to start with you first. You know, tell us a bit about What are the problems you're solving? I'd love to hear how you define growth today. Is it scaling into new markets? Is it building stronger teams? And how has sort of technology helped you get there? Exotel is in the business of um enabling businesses reliably talk to their customers. Channels may change. Yesterday it was branch then a phone call, maybe WhatsApp and tomorrow maybe bots. And we do this for 7,000 plus customers in 60 plus countries. If you've worked with HDFC Bank or Flipkart or Ola or Myntra or Swiggy, most of them uh use Exotel as a platform to communicate with consumers. Outside of Telcos, I think we're the biggest aggregators of conversations. We do 20 billion conversations a year. So when I think of growth at Exotel, we think in three dimensions. The first is how do you go upmarket and take more wallet share into large enterprises? So maybe today the enterprise uses me for sales and service but not for collections. How do I take more wallet share? That's one dimension of growth. The second dimension is can I expand beyond my core market? So India we do about 80% from India, 20% from international. And one of the focuses we have is can we now expand to Saudi Arabia, UAE as core markets and make them into large markets for us. So that's the second dimension. And third is what I think is the most exciting. With AI, I think our space is one of the most uh disrupted spaces, which I think is an opportunity. So human-to-human conversations are shifting from people to bots or a mix of bots and humans. And number of AI conversations or portion of revenue that we do from AI is the third dimension of growth. So our job is to sort of grow in all three and the third one is a pure technology-led growth. Sunil, I wanted to come to you now. You know, SignEasy began with a simple idea of making it easy to sign documents on the go. Could you walk us through what SignEasy does today and the problems it's solving for your customers? And as you have scaled into global markets, what does growth mean to you? We are an end-to-end um solution for contract management and intelligence that includes e-signatures, workflows, approvals, anything that a business can think of from preparing to sending a document for signature to tracking uh to all the way to analyzing insights from these business documents, right? And it made a very natural sense for us to build the first version of our mobile application on iOS. Attention to detail for quality the reliability and also the fact that, you know, it has to be secure, it has to be safe, it has to be uh delightful uh gave us like a perfect platform to build build a mobile app for. And I think as soon as we built it on App Store, the App Store's reach gave us the global access to like entrepreneurs, business owners, professionals and executives who really trusted Apple's platform for various reasons, right? We're talking about all of these folks value their time, value their attention. And as the journey progressed, you know, we realized that you know, iOS has become a launchpad and over the years we expanded to you know, to a desktop version, a web, SaaS and API version for developers. And one thing we have realized is um when you rely on distributing your app through Apple's App Store, you sort of get to work with customers in all industries, businesses of all sizes, you know, from small companies to you know, fast-growing startups to enterprises. And also these folks come from different backgrounds, you know, from HR, legal, sales, operations or finance. So we learned a lot of diverse use cases and pain points and that allowed us to think about, hey, we need to build a solution that is truly global that is truly horizontal and we can pick and choose which problem statements make more sense for us to solve inside our platform. So now today I think you know, where SignEasy stands in terms of our growth, we have more than 10 million users, tens of thousands of uh paying business customers in over 150 countries. And few years ago we um crossed a big milestone of processing more than 100 million contracts on our platform. And then finally, you know, delivered with trust, right? And trust comes naturally when you build a solution which is reliable, which is performant, which is high quality. That sort of sums up the moment for where SignEasy's journey is today, which is when you build a delightful, innovative and a trustworthy product, that's the chance when it can truly go global. You know, Sachin and Sunil, you both spoke of Apple enabling scale, global expansion, really holding on to the reliability and customer delight factor for your businesses. Kiran, coming to you now, you know, could you tell us what Atomicwork does and what has been foundational to building this company? Atomicwork is like an AI-native service management. It's a modern alternative to legacy ITSM tools like ServiceNow or Jira. What it essentially does is it unifies IT, HR and operations through combining conversational support, enterprise search and intelligent automation in one single suite, right? When you actually try to sell it to enterprises, right? So the first thing, the credibility comes from the clarity in terms of what you're solving and how you're solving for, right? So if you take traditional ITSM tools, they are actually built to manage tickets. But we, Atomicwork, is actually built ground up to actually reduce them or eliminate them altogether, right? And also when you sell it to enterprises, which is where the trust or the credibility is not a nice-to-have, but like it's like an foundational bit where you can able to build your product on. And when enterprises buy a software, they are not just buying just a software, right? So they're actually betting on a long-term relationship with you. So they wanted to bet on your vision so that you actually go from zero to 100 along with them, right? So for that we had a multi-layered approach in terms of how we built the credibility around. We have like a four key pillars which we actually trust upon, right? Foremost is the founding team itself. Uh so me and my co-founders actually built startups from zero to IPO where we built for large enterprises. So that gives us CIOs the enough confidence to say that, oh, these guys built systems at scale and also secure, right? So that that is the first entry point for us. And the second one is uh the investors who back us, which are like elite investors who actually backed us. But more than that, we have around 40 plus CIOs and technology leaders who actually backed us, right? And the third one um is where we invested heavily from day one in our security posture as well as compliance. So we haven't waited for this amount of time to do our certifications or compliances. It is actually taken from the day zero approach. We are very proud to say that we have these global companies like Zara or Pepper Money who uses Atomicwork where they moved from like the bigger companies like Jira Service Management or ServiceNow. It actually is very tangible where they say the volume of tickets actually got reduced by 60% and their resolution time actually improved 80%, right? It's not that, okay, like a story of we telling that, okay, ours is the best software. But we are actually showing a social proof saying that, okay, this is how actually companies used to actually solve their solve their problem using Atomicwork, right? How they gave these best employee experience or how they automated their internal workflows using Atomicwork. >> Listen, I'm coming to you. Like, you know, different teams have different needs, right? Developers need raw performance while designers and marketers handle large creative projects. How do you make sure that everyone in your teams, you know, have the right tools to stay productive and deliver their best work? Yeah, Ipsita. So, you know, I've always believed that um you know, for our teams to do the best work of their lives, which is to build truly global products, high-quality products, they have to be enabled with the best tools at work, right? And it sort of ties with the philosophy that, you know, greatness inspires greatness. Apple products just works, right? For us to be able to commit to doing something great, you have to figure out what is it that your team believes in, you know? And when we see that when we see this in our team, many of them already use iPhones and Macs in their personal lives. So, when they come to work and use Macs, it gives them a very familiarity and also gives them the seamlessness where, you know, they don't have to worry about whether it is work or it is life and it's all blended together, right? And also more importantly, Apple's devices are just faster, more intuitive, more consistent. So, it creates less friction and our team can focus on creating value, spend less time on troubleshooting, right? Now, when it comes to our developers, of course, performance is key and Macs are known for speed and reliability, so they can quickly build and test ideas. For our marketers and designers, it's the creative workflow, right? Visuals and copy, the design tools, and the inspiration they need to live daily so that they can think about creating inspiring brand and fulfilling that promise and trust. So, overall, I think it's to say it in simpler words, you know, when the tools and the environment that you work in, they inspire you, you could create great work for others. What is the biggest difference, you know, that keeps your teams productive and how do you sort of push that productivity and performance with the help of technology? For us, when I talk about no frustrations for engineers on their line of work, right? What is the biggest two things I can able to do it is having their powerful local environments where they can able to get their work locally, right? And the second one is how we can able to do switching of apps very very easy or making it so simple that it actually happens, right? Maybe I'll touch upon in terms of uh how we can able to have less friction for employees to actually be doing day-to-day work, right? For example, every Atomicwork engineer gets an high-end MacBook Pro with a 64 GB RAM, right? What that means is you can able to build, test, as well as deploy the smaller ML model so that you can able to train it, test it, and you don't need to have that latency between your cloud CI servers to this so where you can able to run the entire workloads on your laptop, right? And that is one and the other one is we are fortunate to be having like an AI native company, right? Because we are not just building an AI native product, but we are also as a virtue the company is very AI native. When I say AI native, what that means is uh first is modern foundation. So, we have actually built our uh app in AI as a core system. We are not a bolt-on approach which you have lot of technical debt, you need to actually work on it and then come to this, right? We are actually building it from the core so that you can actually build all the pieces in a very modern fashion, right? And the second one is we are actually have on the AI layer as an ensemble architecture, which is basically you can able to plug and play any models based on the use case you have and which can able to give you better flexibility as well as better performance to do it. And the third is like how our culture itself is built. So, we have two core values when you talk about Atomic. One is like agency, the other one is the impatience, which means that we give a lot of persistence to the velocity which you are in because I don't want my engineers to actually go debug that the tool is not working. I want them to actually work on the hard problems to actually solve it, right? When you take in how the culture is built as well as the how the tooling is done and the how tools are actually can work on the hardware, right? All these three things actually combined will actually give us like a flow of work, right? So that our engineers are not limited by the hardware for the creativity. So, that is that get taken for them so that they can able to expand and they will be always in the flow. Sachin, coming to you, you know, you've shifted Exotel to Apple. From a performance and productivity perspective, what made this choice, you know, for you as a company and especially where reliability is mission-critical? Two very contrasting reasons. First is most of the founders and I think whole of my generation has been a fanboy. When we shifted from mid-market startups to enterprises, reliability in our product, security in our product became a very critical ingredient of the offering. So, when my when I talk to the largest banks in the country or in the region, they are looking at somebody who can be absolutely reliable and scalable. Now, we were talking about of course, startups allow you to make mistakes, but enterprises wanted to be correct on the first shot. Now, how do we message this to our engineer that you need to be reliable on the first go. Apple is something that we relate with, it just works. Apart from the tooling and the reasons that Kiran has already mentioned, it was also a very strong messaging from our side that we need you to be inspired by the best. The second is our space I talked about is getting disrupted. Like, the world is right now divided into whether there'll be humans in contact center or whether there'll be complete AI in contact center, right? And we were taking a very interesting stand that it will be a blend of we call it harmony that AI and humans will coexist in contact center. This was a very new stand. Again, to communicate that you can take strong, bold stands and every time Apple has launched something, it has been something that has never been thought of. We are going IPO in the next 24 months and hence security became a critical thing for internal IT also. And some of these things are very easy to do when you're doing it with Apple because the operating system and the hardware itself is very secure. While we were messaging reliability and security, we were also messaging about new design, taking bold stands. So, it was more messaging. So, when an engineer walks for the first time and we hand over the uh MacBook or a MacBook Pro, that's a message from our end that this is the standard that we are looking for. And that helps us sort of message it out to everybody in the organization. When a sales guy is going out and talking to a bank, he opens a MacBook and starts talking to a bank and that's a underlying message that this company is reliable. They're using the best in the world and uh scalability and reliability would not be an issue. So, that's how we think about it. >> Technology doesn't alone build products or solutions, the people also do and you know, we've seen across companies that the tools you provide to your teams really become a big part of how you're able to attract the best talent and you know, give the best solutions to your customers. Sunil, wanted to come to you here that, you know, at one point SignEasy highlighted Apple devices for everyone on your careers page. Why was that such an important part of your hiring journey and how has it sort of shaped your employee creativity, morale and how has it helped you build solutions for your customers? Yeah, so I just want to talk about [clears throat] a little bit of change in shift in mindset that happened. When I started as a founder to now where we are, you know, with a team, with a set of customers globally and the fact that we have evolved as a company. So, when you start as a founder, you think you're working for your customers, right? Your job is to focus on customers' problems and then you're solving for those. But you quickly realize as you scale, that's no longer going to be practical. And you have a shift in your mindset and now I have to work for my employees or take care of my employees so that they can take care of customers, right? So, when you when you speak about you know, we putting on our website, you know, Apple devices for everyone, it's not just a marketing slogan, right? It it ties back to am I taking care of my employees? So, the idea is to put a statement of intent that if our employees are working at SignEasy, SignEasy cares about you know, quality, reliability, and craftsmanship, right? And what better way to show that than just giving MacBooks or any Apple devices to them. But I want to touch upon one subtle thing that we also have felt, which is our customer-facing teams, when they show up in front of a customer for a demo or for a presentation, I think certainly reinforces the value that SignEasy cares about quality and that sort of matters, you know, for the customers and prospects or partners we are doing business with. And internally, it also builds a lot of confidence for our employees that they can be the best versions of themselves uh in front of our, you know, customers. So, overall, I actually, you know, I believe that, you know, when you're empowering your employees with best tools and best devices, it's not just for productivity, but also raises the bar for everything that we do, what we build, and how we show up in the world. So, I think, yeah, that's that's what I believe in, and uh so far it has worked out well for us. Sachin, coming to you now, you know, in the past you've spoken about how technology can reinforce culture. How do tools that you provide uh shape employee experience and even hiring at Exotel? Have you seen um kid or a teenager open a gaming console? I think a very similar experience with adults is if they open a Apple device. Like, there is joy, there is warmth. >> The awe of it. >> Yeah. So, and that still holds true. Like, from the first iPhone till today, from the first MacBook, when I opened it, it was a Mac iBook. Like, there was this So, I think there is this emotional connect that people have with a device, and we want that to be connected to them coming into Exotel. So, I think that is uh we have personally experienced it because we were fan boys. I think that, if I may call it dopamine, but there is joy there. Right? So, I think this is one element that we think is important. The second is I talked about that our space is getting disrupted. Contact centers have existed uh I think our business now has existed for 14 years, but never in our lives we have felt the need to change fast, disrupt. And it's true for a lot of businesses these days, right? You you guys are disrupting the big guys. I, as a leader, Shipra, as a CEO, we can talk about we need change, we need innovation, but beyond words, your actions, your decisions actually communicate this to your employees. So, when we did this shift, right, it was also a message that we now need to move really, really fast, and that is culture. So, just by that action and saying that we want things to be as reliable, as innovative, as what we are giving you guys, and a lot of it did then get benchmarked, I think it becomes culture without even communicating it, right? So, I think uh people just don't listen to your words. They will also observe actions. And most culture can be built only by action. Uh how you would For example, I think parenting is all about showing and not talking. So, I think building culture is also about doing and showing and not just talking. So, I we thought of it as one of that steps. Kiran, coming to you, you know, um now you're in one of the most compute-hungry spaces, right? Where engineers push machine to their limits. How does giving your teams powerful and reliable tools like Macs impact not just the productivity, but also the kind of talent that you attract and the culture that you're building for? Yeah, so maybe I'll give you like a little bit of a precursor to this, right? So, as Sachin was telling, there is an awe moment you will actually do the MacBook. So, in my previous company, which is Freshworks, even before we paid salaries for us, we bought MacBooks. So, everybody has MacBooks, right? So, it is covered in Forbes, if you want to check. And even before that, in Zoho, it's like when is the first App Store is being released, uh Zoho is doing mobile apps, and I was one of an iOS developer who is doing it. I got a Mac, right? So, where I need to do it. But at that point of time, it's like the computer Mac, right? So, where it's a desktop. So, I actually went into this envy state, right? So, where people envy because it's actually you have this device, which we don't have it because I'm working on it, so right, I got it, right? But coming back to Atomicwork, incidentally, right? I don't see it any uh [snorts] startup not putting in their careers page, okay, the what is the hardware they are actually giving to their uh employees. It's very, very hard to attract the talent, right? The space which we are in, where the AI engineers are very competitive, right? So, which is like it's very hard to actually attract the talent to come in. We put it on our careers page like uh Sunil had, where we say that you get this premium Apple hardware, right? Which sends the signal saying two things, right? One is actually like we respect your time, right? So, that you're coming in, you're actually doing uh the things for Atomicwork, but we respect your time. The second one is, okay, we will help you to do your best of the best work with us, right? So, that for that you need tooling, you need tools to do it, the hardware to do it. So, that is how it actually signals it. And the second part is like uh for us, uh the the core value uh one of the core values the taste, which is we sweat the details in terms of what is the quality of the output we can able to showcase to our customers, right? Uh So, the reinforcement of Mac devices, which actually built for design and quality, it reinforces in day-to-day saying that, okay, I'm actually building for design and quality, right? There is no explicit way to tell that. It is actually being inculcated and coming into one-to-one. But that follow-up is, okay, yeah, I'm actually doing design and quality. What the other thing which actually uh dimension adds to it is mastery, right? So, that is also one of our core values, right? Let's say if you want to do mastery, which means that you need to be in that flow to actually complete it. To be in that flow, you need to have a hardware device which actually can will just work, right? You need to not be fighting [clears throat] your device to make it work, it just works for you, right? Uh And uh the lastly, it's um we are in a space it is very compute-hungry, where the lot of these compute we need to work on, and you need to have these huge local environments where you can able to compile the code in a blazingly fast way. Uh all the services should work so that you make any change, it just you you can able to see it then and there, right? So, it's not that, okay, I'll deploy to the cloud so that I will wait for that latency, I will actually wait for few minutes to see it. It is not going to work. It should be inside you which actually can just work so that the we are on a service-oriented architecture, right? So, which means that you need that X amount of hardware to be in on your local system to work, right? So, these are the pathways we see it uh how we keep our culture intact uh by having this compute uh heavy industry, right? [clears throat] So, that is where we are. Here's an interesting observation. You see LinkedIn posts which is the first LinkedIn post where people announce that they have joined a company. You will see two kind of posts. One is, next to the biggest logo that they can find, there will be a picture. Or there will be a picture of stuff that they have got. That's right. >> If there's the second picture, there's always a Apple device there. Just go and check it out once. Very interesting observation. You know, it's it's literally like, you know, they are they are showcasing that, hey, I've joined a place that respects me, and this is the device that shows that, you know, I'm best at my work. >> Correct. Very interesting point. You know, as we talk about growth, uh building powerful teams, and uh delivering the best solutions for customers, another area that consistently comes up in conversations with founders is security. And [snorts] specially for scaling companies, it's not just about sort of protecting data, it's also about doing it uh without the luxury of having massive IT teams. Just wanted to start with you, uh you know, Sunil, on this that um your products handles very highly sensitive documents, contracts, uh legal papers, job offers. Now, trust is literally at the heart of this. How has security been a part of your journey as you have scaled your offerings at SignEasy? So, like you mentioned, um trust is the heart of what we do just because of the nature of our product, right? Our customers range from, you know, CEOs to CFOs to, you know, head of HR, head of sales, uh head of IT, head of um operations in companies of all sizes. And the fact that these are the most confidential, sensitive assets of the business, we intentionally designed our platform where trust is no longer a feature, it becomes a foundation for everything that we do. And that's where, you know, working with Apple's ecosystem, whether it is Apple devices, Macs, or iPhones, we know that Apple treats uh security and privacy as sacred, whether it is messages, uh your calls, your contacts, your photos, and that philosophy naturally extends into how we work. For example, all of our developers um work on Mac devices, and they handle the you know, source code and design assets, and uh all the critical infrastructure um deployment-related uh scripts and so forth. And um using Macs, it gives us the absolute peace of mind because we know that if for some reason this device gets lost or stolen, we don't have to worry too much. We can just use remote, you know, remote wipe tools to secure our IP, and that's a huge thing for us. When we think about adding functionality and the same time adding security to our to our apps on iOS devices, from the early days, we relied on, you know, Touch ID and Face ID, which were the new innovations for biometric authentication. And we were one of the first e-signing apps to, you know, to uh secure access to your documents and signatures on the go. And we even took it one step further, where we added these authentication signals to the audit trail of our signed documents, which is a very simple but a powerful way of establishing authenticity and integrity that these signatures and files are really what they're supposed to be when a third person looks at a signed document, right? So, that was very important to us. And as the platform has evolved, we had to believe in the same mindset. So, we have added more and more layers of trust, whether it is two-factor authentication via one-time passcodes over email or SMS, you know, supporting single sign-on for enterprise use cases, then SOC 2 certifications for, you know, data privacy, data confidentiality, and data reliability. And then finally, you know, we we run deep in our penetration tests. We have disaster recovery protocols in place. So, this sort of touches upon the entire journey of what we build, how we build, and how we deliver value to our customers, right? When our customers now choose to use our product, they're not just looking at us as a capable and a valuable e-signature and contract management product. They are actually choosing to do business with a partner that considers trust and security a second nature. And that's a That's a mindset uh that was encouraged when we launched our first apps on Apple. And coincidentally, that is the nature of our business because we deal with business contracts and signatures. Now, Sachin, Exotel powers millions of, you know, business conversations every day for large enterprises where trust and reliability are non-negotiable. How do you think about security in that context where keeping where you have to keep your sort of communication seamless and protected without slowing down the pace of your growth? Yeah, so our space, which is for example, there's a lot of personal personal identifiable information or PII, as as it is called, like somebody interacting about their credit card with a bank, and that is getting recorded, or simple things like what you've ordered on e-commerce that is being discussed on phone, and all this is PII data. And all this is stored in the cloud, so uh of course, a lot of our technology is heavily regulated. Uh it has to be in country. So, India data has to be in India, Saudi Arabia data has to be in Saudi Arabia, and and so on and so forth. You know, we are now an ISO certified provider. We are also looking at DPDP now, which is the India digital protection act. A lot of this is processes. So, I still remember early days when we were small, a lot of this with one IT. Today, if I don't have a CISO in my company, a lot of banks will not even talk to us, right? So, we had to actually hire a uh CISO for our own organization because the the processes and the regulation demands it. Also, all machines have to be completely managed. All software that we can install or our employees can install has to be completely managed. Uh nobody can take off documents off. I think a lot has happened in the enterprise adoption of Apple. So, a lot of these uh security providers, firewall providers, now they are building natively. So, for example, your Apple login is now integrated into the uh two-factor authentication uh or that we have. And by the way, the notification for that comes to me on my Apple Watch, and I just say yes because it's already authenticated against my biometric ID. But apart from this all need of security, one of the other challenges is our employees are now we have folks in Dubai, we have folks traveling across. Uh we have offices in Delhi, Bangalore, and Mumbai. Now, how do you make sure that access to data, uh for example, let's say a support engineer, what can they access? Right? Uh what all servers can uh can somebody else access to? And and even me as a founder today cannot just say that I will have access to it because the process doesn't allow it, and it has to go through an approval process. Uh I think that change was a big change for us, and that was also the time when we shifted to Apple. So, all our enterprise management tools, machine management, remote management tools were first time done on Apple devices, right? So, those were Those were big changes. Uh but it has gone off very, very smooth. Uh and as less frustrating as it could be. Right, you know, it's a very important point because when you scale, there are so many things that can go out of hand, but security cannot. And And that's It has to be more and more and more focused on as you scale. Absolutely. Now, Kiran, coming to you. Now, Atomicwork sort of grew rapidly past 80 people uh even before you hired a dedicated IT team. You know, Sachin just spoke about scaling, and how do you manage that? So, wanted to ask you how did you think about managing that phase smoothly where you had to keep your devices, data, and, you know, workflow secure without creating the complexity for your teams? Yeah, so lucky for me, it's actually like we are building the product for it. So, it's actually to make things easier. So, there are two things to it, right? As you said, it's actually until we have like 80 people in the company. Now, we have only 83, right? So, we don't have like a dedicated IT person who is actually looking at it, right? So, how you can able to provision it, etc. So, we [snorts] did two things. One is dogfooding our own product. So, we build for IT teams as well as onboarding flows, offboarding flows, support flows. All these things are actually being dogfooded from our own product to us. And the second one is one strategy is like how we adopted Apple's ecosystem in in that process, right? The first one is the dogfooding, right? So, where our IT not even IT, right? I also actually had a journey where I know when somebody is actually getting onboarded, I want this access, this access, this access, etc. And also this documentation, and maybe like a first uh calendar invite for the manager. All these things are actually being codified so that once they do it, so that the journey actually triggers, so everything actually runs very smooth. The second one actually betting on Apple's ecosystem is like so, Apple comes with like a very good security protocols, right? So, which is basically file vault or data encryption at rest or zero-touch policy, etc., right? So, that when people actually onboard, they are from any part of the country, we ship this MacBook, once they open, everything is actually configured. And it will be registered in our MDM so that we don't need to do anything extra for them to actually be up and running as well as they are already up and running as well as they are secure, right? So, those two things are actually do it, right? If that also comes into the morale of the employee when he joins, right? Because security as a thing should run from background, not as like a cumbersome steps they need to go through to check, check, check, and so that they can able to go to the fifth point or a sixth point, right? But when even it runs on the background because you actually have the zero-touch policy where everything is installed so that you could start working. You can you have single sign-on so that you can able to sign in, and you can able to get going, right? But we don't need to worry about there is a data leakage or what is actually due to upgrade, what is the patch we can able to do it, etc., right? We can able to manage that entire thing remotely. We don't need to have the employee to actually go through this process, right? Where he don't need to wait or fight with the tools to get his work done. It's just that it just works out of the box. Even your personal Apple devices does the same. You buy a new iPhone, you actually just place together, right? No cables, nothing, and you get everything what you have it in your old system to this. It's the same thing with it, right? Yeah, you upgrade your MacBook Pro, actually the new MacBook Pro, etc. It's just like, okay, you're just connecting these two. You don't need any of these things to actually just do it. So, your personal workflows are not so different from your enterprise workflows now, right? So, it is actually same ecosystem how you get connected to. Right. You know, I want to ask all of you that, you know, as you scale into enterprise markets and security becomes such an important conversation, what does it mean when you go to your customer? Does security become a part of your customer pitch? And do decision-makers now expect businesses to sort of not only have security as a feature, but as a core part of your value proposition? For us right now, think of it like enterprises as I said, security is by design, but not an afterthought, right? It's not a nice to have feature, but it's an entire foundation for you when you are actually building the product. And also, now there are two parts to the security, right? So, one is your external security, which is like your web app, how it is connected, etc. Now, we get more complexity there because now the interfaces are becoming more conversational, as well as voice is another one which actually try to break it, right? That's why you keep seeing, oh, there is this jailbreak or that jailbreak in terms of the conversational interfaces. And there is internal security, right? That also matters as much as your external security. Because when you talk about a compliance, it is not only how your app look like, but also how your internal workflow look like so that you can able to build it, right? Because you will actually be coding in your laptop and all your code base is there and also you will be connecting to your production systems from your laptop and how you're connecting it and what is the connection which is going to happen all these things happens, right? This is on how there is a compliance and you are actually playing that playbook or a template onto your internal systems as well as external systems. But also there is another thing where what happens to my data? Like the customer has this biggest problem, right? So which is basically oh are you downloading it or whether it is encrypted at rest or how it is stored or you can able to connect your external hardware to your laptop so that it can be leaked in different ways, etc., right? Now the conversations became more trivial where let's say in my space every enterprise customer wanted to have one full-length conversation with CTO to just to know what is your security posture, right? I have done it for every customer, every prospect happened. So they wanted to know how how is your internal workflows work, right? So how what devices you use and can you able to trust those devices? Whether those devices are compliant enough or not or whether those devices flexible are enough or not when a new compliance come, right? So we are seeing this compliance maybe for a decade, right? So it's like multiple different certifications you do it, etc., right? But now AI coming into picture, there is a new compliance came, right? Once you came in, which means that you should be automatically adhering to it, right? Otherwise you need to change all your internal workflows just to actually maintain that compliance posture, right? So that is where once you have this internal ecosystem which are streamlined in our case, it is Mac or Apple ecosystem, right? We have different varieties of Apple devices across the spectrum. CEOs has different, engineers has different, business has different, etc., right? But we all actually follow same policy where we can able to apply. So that it's as easy for us to actually just deploy this policy through our MDM and it actually just works, right? We don't have that heterogeneous system where we can say that, "Okay, oh this works on this. Maybe there is a driver problem on this so that it doesn't work." It just seamlessly works on your all the devices which are there. You asked about whether it is critical non-critical. Let me give you some examples. So if you want to serve a bank and you're processing any sort of customer data. RBI has a regulatory mandate on what your application should do. So it's not about just bank and their CISO, there is actually a policy by the regulator and the same is true for SAMA in Saudi Arabia. So whether you have implemented a backup system for your core application or not is part of the regulation. So anybody who's looking to serve large enterprises where you are processing customer data or PII data, I think they will have to start talking about security on day one, otherwise they'll not even talk to you. And all the messaging that you do, one is all the standards that you follow, second is the devices that you use, all that plays a role in them selecting you as a vendor. Yeah, I have a interesting perspective here. I don't think security is only a conversation now for enterprises, right? Like we sell to a lot of SMB, small to mid-size businesses. And the two trends that we are seeing is they also equally care about your security features, whether it's by design or by foundation in your product, and also your own compliance, right? And those two trends are primarily caused because companies are able to stay leaner and they're able to serve enterprise. Their end customers are enterprises and we are selling to SMBs. So so these SMBs they care care a lot about if they're using a software from us, it will be questioned by their enterprise customers. Say, "What security protocols or compliance protocols are you following?" And the second trend here is you know, employees are also more distributed, right? So they work in different geos. They are no longer behind a corporate VPN or a intranet. So that means, you know, the IT folks in this the IT buyers or procurement buyers, they care a lot about security even though they haven't reached the scale of scale of you know, thousands of employees. They are maybe 100 folks or 200 folks. But it is a is an important conversation when they are choosing to buy any software. So as we speak about cost, wanted to understand how do you see cost in your business and how do you see the return on investing in Apple? Not just for your current workflows, but as infrastructure for scaling globally in the years ahead. So truly investing in Apple as a true partnership, you know, in both using Apple devices at work and building apps for the App Store ecosystem has been one of the best decisions in the company's history. And the ROI has shown up in multiple dimensions from being part of building great culture and retaining talent, growth and also our global reach. Now Kiran, high-performance hardware sort of can look like a really big investment up front. But for Atomicwork, how do you think about ROI? For us, it's actually like instead of doing what is the cost of investment, it is like cost of ownership. Uh where we don't want to look at the sticker price and say that, "Okay, this is what I'm actually investing in or this is the my initial cost to even manage it, right?" So the the ROI I actually look at it as like let's say when you talk about productivity gains, so think of as simple as you are actually compiling a code base, right? If it actually saves 5 minutes on a better hardware like MacBook and you do that repetition multiple times in a day and multiple times in a week as well as multiply with number of engineers you can actually have it. So that's an immense gain, right? Because you are actually giving back that productivity time back to the engineer who is your valuable asset inside your startup. >> time is money here. Yeah, right? So and the second one is like it just works, right? So which is like a fewer support tickets for you to deal with and for a company of our size where you don't have like an IT team to actually take care of your IT support tickets. So which means that you need some hardware which just works. So that so when you compare with what are all the variations you can able to have to deal with the support tickets, you are on that Apple ecosystem which means that it just works. So there are no support tickets or very few support tickets for us to actually deal with, right? Maybe most of the support tickets is like, "Okay, there is a new Apple device. Maybe I should buy." Right? So not more than that. Uh so the third one is on the longevity of it. So you actually buy these devices, when is the refresh cycle you do it, right? So which is like not even in your personal life. On an enterprise life in terms of what is that residual value you can able to carry forward and what is the real value of that asset after 3 years also matters, right? Because a MacBook after 3 years actually values way way higher than any other laptops, right? For when you think about cost or investment, that also matters because after 3 years you are actually still creating some value to it, right? You are actually not trashing it, right? And the last one for us is the opportunity cost which is basically let's say if I'm not bringing back the time, which means that I am actually not giving them the flow of work to be on or be creative to do something, right? It's an opportunity cost for us whether can I bring back that time so that I can be more productive, do things which are useful for Atomicwork rather than doing anything just working on your tool. Your fantastic insights for this session, you know, grow your business with Apple hosted by Your Story and you know, we look forward to seeing that how Apple is part of your journey as you grow, scale and you know, build for the word. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you very much.

- Yahoo Finance Live: Stocks rise as Apple-Intel deal report lifts chipmakers | May 8, 2026: Kind: captions Language: en are your headquarters. There's just an hour to go now until the closing bell and stocks are mixed here. Tech stocks boosting the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ. Joining me now are Yahoo Finances Jared Blickery and Tally Le the Wealth Consulting Group chief market strategist. Welcome both guys. Jared, we'll start with you. Get us up to speed on these markets. What do you see? >> All right. As you said, mixed. That just means the Dow's down a little bit. Tech is really doing a lot of the work here as we can see in the Wi-Fi Interactive. Here's the Dow Jones is down 73 points, 15 basis points. Uh kind of shrugging your shoulders there because the NASDAQ is up almost another one and a half% to another record high. S&P 500, another record high, up 7/10en of a percent, about half of that. Small caps, you like them, they're up 610 of a percent. That's a Russell 2000. S&P 600 that is uh profitable uh small caps that's up about half of that. So you go on down the cap trade uh things looking pretty good there. Uh VIX about 17. But let me get to the bond market. 10ear Tenino yield backing off three basis points to 4.36%. The 30-year is what I've been watching as it hovers under that big round 5% level. That's given a problem. First stocks before when the 30-year punches above that's down to 4.94%. And let's look inside and take a look at these large cap gains here. XLK monster gain up 3% that is the only outperformer in the S&P 500. Chip stocks really uh carrying the whole load here for the most part. The healthcare is down about 9/10en of a percent. Also seeing communication services and financials down over half a percent. If you take a look inside the NASDAQ, you're going to see a lot of dark green there. That is main mainly semiconductors. And you can start with the upper left. Nvidia up 1.74% pretty close to a record high but there are a lot of record highs in this semiconductor heat map. If I sort by performance you can see at the top we got SanDisk Micron Intel all of those up about 13% or more. Intel the story finally dropped what WSJ report about Apple ordering some Intel chips and uh we heard a rumor a few days ago. Intel has just been flying this year. So let's check out the year to date real quick. 236% most of that coming since those March 30 lows take a look at software kind of the opposite story here Josh. All right, Jared. Uh, Todd, I want to bring in here. Get your take on the news of the day. Jobs report upside surprise. What did you make of it? >> So, I I would agree that sequentially this was uh a better thanex expected jobs report. But when we take a step back and we look at the underlying growth rate and payrolls, it is, I have to say, flirting with basically uh a goose egg. So there is a fundamental reason here for the the Fed to do the right thing and eventually come back in with these interest rate cuts >> even with core inflation around three. >> So I mean that is another kind of contrarian view that we have but my view is don't wait for the straight. Uh look oil prices I think will ultimately come back down. uh inflation expectations have remained well anchored especially longer term and ultimately I think that'll give the Fed cover to kind of resume its uh kind of lower glide plan. I know I know you were Rick Reer guy, but Worsh now coming in. How How do you think a Worsh Fed will compare and contrast to a POW Fed? >> I guess it's Wsh rinse repeat now, right? >> Oh my goodness. I love that. >> See how I like Yeah, I like to do that sometimes. So I I think uh as long as he doesn't expand the balance sheet but cuts rates, I think that combination could work very nicely for markets and uh investors. >> Let's turn to the markets. Yeah. You call this a bipolar market, right? explain that split. >> So, we're seeing this unusual dichotomy, Josh, now where the mega caps, as Jared was just discussing, are soaring, pushed higher by technology. we've been on side there. But uh another side that we've been kind of proponents of is way down the the cap or or size spectrum. Small caps have been doing really well too because real rates have been softening here and that's very important for this high variable rate or debt sensitive cohort. >> So is is it that okay investors are you're saying are they moving into small caps for growth and they're moving into mega caps for safety? Is that it? >> Absolutely. I I think it's it's really kind of a a twintailed resolution growth on the small cap side and the bouncy castle for for safety amidst this war torn tape. >> And you like small caps here. You're a fan. >> Absolutely. Uh I mean I've held them since the second week of April 2025. IWM is one of my best positions. >> What do you make of small caps, Jared? You like what you see in those charts? >> Yeah. Let's go to the Wi-Fi Interactive. Pretty interesting. I was just dialing up the cues. That would be the NASDAQ 100 ETF versus IWM, which are holding right now. They're dead even on the year. Now, the NASDAQ 100 has come back a little bit harder since those March 30 lows, but interesting to see that over that time period, they're basically neck andneck. Here's going back one year, we see uh that the cues, the NASDAQ 100 up just a little bit more, but both of them up basically more than 40%. And then you go back a little bit farther towards the start of this bull market, it's a different story. And there you see the cues have really outpaced. So, this is a comeback story to your point, but I got to ask you. So, we're going up the cap scale all the way to the biggest ones. You like those. Down at the bottom, you like those. What happens to the middle? >> So, this is no man's land. And we were talking about this a couple weeks back, but I I think this is the peace dividend that we really need to to see to kind of bring about uh a broader market. Right now it is a bit bipolar and I think that's the right way to think about it but it's the smaller large caps and the midcaps that have not participated as much. I would take some encouragement though the equated S&P has been trying to break out. So that's the next move I think we can. >> So let me ask you is is the midcap so would they be the place to be though tally when this sort of bar but when there's the rotation ends >> I think that's uh reasonable.j JJH is one ticker to consider there for an ETF play. And yeah, for looking for lagards and potential value, I think that might be a nice contrarian way to think about it. >> Um, let's talk, you know, the last few times you've been here, Tally, we often talk about I'm like, I kind of push you like, well, what's more important, AI or Fed? And now I've got to bring up geopolitics, right? War in the Middle East. How, as an investor and a strategist, clients are asking you, what are you telling them? How are you thinking through that? I think the last time I was on I was telling people to buy on the sound of cannons >> and that was the right play. You know, we now that the dust has kind of settled a little bit and and that's the playbook. It's very reliable. When we look at these geopolitical events going back to the 1940s, the 12-month forward returns on on stocks are almost 20%. I don't think this is going to be any different. Josh, >> what what if I told you though? Okay, Tal, you know what? We're going to see um more military action. It's going to re the campaign the the military operation is going to restart. As a strategist, your reaction to that would be what? >> Well, we for those who didn't participate, it might uh create another compelling entry point, maybe a little bit of a a pullback in stocks. This happens. You know, we're I would say tactically potentially dealing with another overbought condition. Mhm. >> Look, we've had some pretty ferocious gains that need to be digested here, I think, before the next leg higher. >> When you are talking to clients right now and they ask you, "Okay, Tally, what's the biggest concern on your radar or concerns?" What do you tell them? >> Well, we had plenty to start the year. You know, I left a lot of room in our outlook for geopolitical events. We got one, lo and behold, but now I think we're at a stage, Josh, where we should just uh enjoy the rally. >> Yeah. this earning season, how do you bet against the kind of earnings season we had? I want your take on that because it has been one of the most impressive I can remember. >> Yeah. Well, 27% earnings. >> 27%. >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> And we we you know, we we are not wrong to to overemphasize. You can't overstate that point. So, I think the fundamentals here are strong enough to carry the stock market to a high. >> The only push back I want to get your take on this. I'll hear some people say is, "Oh, hey, that was great. It was great. 27% but now look out because against the quarters ahead your comps just got so much tougher. What do you say to that? >> So I would take the other side of the coin. 2022 was a recession like environment. In fact it was a contraction in corporate profits. Everything bare market and the math is mindblowing. It always catches investors offguard. These powerful rebounds off the lows. I think we could see even stronger earnings growth. Josh >> Tally, we're always lucky to have you, especially on set. Thank you, sir. >> My pleasure. >> Thank you, too, Jared. >> Thank you. >> The US economy added 115,000 jobs in the month of April as the latest jobs numbers came in above estimates. This comes as a boon for the White House as the administration pushes for a stronger labor market. White House is also putting the spotlight on construction jobs as it hopes demand for AI data centers will help the struggling sector. Got Yahoo Finances Washington correspondent Ben Workll. He's been on top of all this. Ben, so here's Ben's the point. The White House is pointing to the AI data center construction as evidence, Ben, evidence of a manufacturing revival in this country. What do you make of that point? >> Yeah, it's it's definitely a growth area here that the White House is highlighting. This is a very specific area of jobs report. You have to go from the jobs report to the construction number to the specialty trade contractor's number to what's called the non-residential specialty trade contractor's number. This is a figure that has been associated with the II boom and has grown a lot. It added about 12,600 jobs last month and it's up um over about 70,000 from from about a year ago at this time. So this is a big area of growth largely powered by this AI boom. Where I think it gets tricky is sort of connecting that as the White House is doing to kind of overall factory growth, manufacturing jobs. Other areas of the jobs report today in this area weren't so good. manufacturing was down about 2,000 jobs. Construction outside of this very specific area was also net negative um other than other than these these specialty trade contractors there. So, it's it's a it's a bit of a stretch that the White House is is trying to make here to say that this this money going to AI data centers will lead to a manufacturing boom down the road. Partly because of how we know how data centers work. There's not a lot of permanent employees there once this construction phase is over. But it is it is sort of a big a big bright spot for the econ for the jobs market right now that the White House is keen to focus. Um and the indications are that this data center construction money will definitely be going forward for the for the next few months. >> Now Ben, if Trump was here, >> you know, he might say, Ben, uh if I was going to channel my inner Trump, he might say the thing is he might say, "Ben wor you got it all wrong." He might he might say listen the problem Ben he might say is you are thinking about and defining manufacturing using just old definitions and the manufacturing of the future it's not going to be you know traditional assembly line work it's going to be this right it's going to be it's going to be data centers and chip fabs and you know building out grids and infrastructure you know it there's a difference you might say between manufure ufacturing and advanced manufacturing. We are in an industrial boom. He might say it's just different than how we might traditionally define it. What would you tell the president? I I mean I mean I don't think that would be wrong in the sense that this could be a new model for kind of how we think of manufacturing, how we think of factories in the US. I think the person that Trump has to convince here are people in these communities that are seeing a lot of job growth now and could see a lot less jobs. These are very different than the kind of factory jobs you think of even as they try to link these together. This is electrical. This is plumbing. This is not like a Lever and Shirley opening sequence where they're on an assembly line. This is very different and it's a much smaller number. It's 100 or less employees in a lot of these data centers once they're once they're up and running. So the overall point here I think could be right that this is the kind of model of how we're doing we're doing factory construction, we're doing manufacturing construction going forward. It's just that the end product here is really not what we think of in our mind as a factory and that that'll be an issue that's going to play out for a lot of years depending on how these data centers go up and kind of what they look like in the end alongside the other factory construction that is still ongoing. The White House does make a case here that a lot of this is in their view a leading indicator of what we might see as traditional factories, but it's clearly really heavily tilted towards AI at the moment and that's where a lot of the money and that's where a lot of these construction jobs are for the last year for certain. Ben, before before you go, another story you wrote about here, uh, this split ruling from the Court of International Trade on on the Trump tariffs. What changed here, Ben? Yeah, so this was this is another significant um um step back for the Trump's trade agenda. This comes, of course, after the Supreme Court struck down his what are called AIPA tariffs. And then this is the court of international trade saying no what you replaced it with the section 122 tariffs 10% on nearly the entire globe are illegal as well. In terms of what changes for businesses immediately it's not a lot. This the expectation here the Trump administration has already um appealed this and what we're expecting is at least a 30-day stay here while this appeals process going forward with these tariffs in place. But the the ruling did say that if it if the ruling stands up that refunds will need to be ordered. refunds, not only refunds, but refunds with interest. That's been a big storyline with the AIPA tariffs of having these refund process getting going. So, it's going to be a kind of very strange period for businesses between now and July or so when Trump has a plan to replace all these tariffs with kind of permanent more ironclad legally tariffs, but he can't he can't do it immediately. So, it's going to be this period where companies may be paying tariffs, but they're expecting a refund. Maybe some aren't paying tariffs. Um, but it's all going to be kind of an uncertain period. And it comes after what we we have evidence of businesses being quite good at bringing in a lot of goods when they have a tariff window here. So, right before Trump's tariffs came into effect the first time, there was record imports. So, I think a lot of companies are trying to make a lot of decisions right now about what can they kind of get imported now if there is a bit of a tariff window here between now and July. >> Ben, as always, great to see you buddy. Thank you. Coming up, I speak to the CEO of Enhanced after the company's debut on the New York Stock Exchange. That is next on Market Domination. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. Down. Planet Fitness and Pelaton both announcing quarterly results and telling two different tales in the fitness space. More were bringing out Yahoo Finances Brooke Deama. All right, but let's start with Planet Fitness. This was interesting because they report results and initially you saw this slump. I mean, right a big slump, a hard slump. Uh, and they cut because listen, that made sense. since they cut their revenue outlook, but now then reverses. You're in the green. What do you make of it? >> Yeah, so I'm actually looking through and I'm surprised to see a reverse to the green because we did get a downgrade on top of that news that we got today. We saw Bank of America downgrade Planet Fitness to neutral because of the fact that they had what Bank of America said was limited nearterm catalyst. I mean, this was a company maybe investors sort of digesting this, seeing this as a way to get in. I'm going to look quick at the year to date down about 60%. >> It's been totally crushed. So maybe investors are thinking like okay is this the bottom? Does it only go up from here? It was interesting. I was reading a few notes you know ahead of coming on and William Blair analyst Sharon Zakia she had pointed out a few different headwinds that the company faced. One uh it's forgoing those black card price increases because of this macro environment right now. They're not going to raise prices on their black card. On top of that too it overall was just a weaker first quarter quarter. you had those uh low-income consumers under pressure that ultimately meant that they weren't going out and spending on a new gym membership. And you also had that bad weather. So maybe people tried it in January and then said, "Forget about it. I'm not going to the gym." Keep in mind, Planet Fitness is a majority of firsttime fitness members. So maybe this is their first taste. Maybe they didn't sign up as much as >> I do. I mean, Planet Fitness, it's a value brand. >> It is. It is. And and like I said, it's their first time fitness experience. Maybe this is like a a shoe in the door. Maybe they try it out and then maybe they don't want to stick around and stay. And I think that sort of speaks to not only what we saw during this quarter, but it was Platinum Fitness kind of a failed attempt at maybe trying to be a little bit more luxurious, a little bit more premium, because once again, they're not going to raise prices for their most expensive membership, that black card. And test went well, but I guess in this environment, they're just saying they're not going to do it. >> Yeah, stock has been crushed. Most analysts seem to think it's pricing in a lot of bad news already because most on the street do have a buy at this point on the name, right? >> All right. Uh, another one to check out, Pelaton. Let's talk about that one. Now, they reported uh the pandemic darling, of course. What do you think? Is Pelaton starting to find its footing? >> I I mean, I thought it was really interesting and and I'd be curious to to see in the within the um transcript and such of what they said about Spotify because I mean, what they said about Spotify was that ultimately there's hundreds of millions of Spotify premium subscribers. They also said that when they announced that news, they expect hundreds of more classes to be available to Spotify premium subscribers this month. On top of that, too, you have some on the street saying, "Hey, this was a better thanex expected quarter." Also, it was profitable. I mean, that's huge for Pelaton as well. And it seems like there's some new launches coming out this fall. Maybe even a more lowcost treadmill treadmill treadmill. >> And so, I think that there's a few different factors that are playing into this company right now after, you know, since the pandemic. really hasn't maybe performed as well as we had thought. Taking a look over the past 5 years, the stock is down 93%. And year to date still down about 8%. So is once again is this also maybe perhaps going on the up >> street not as convinced. I see nine buys but I also see 11 holds and one sell. >> Okay. >> All right, Brooke. Thank you. Appreciate Enhanced, a company trying to build what it calls a performance-enhancement platform, is behind the controversial enhanced games concept, where athletes are openly allowed to use performance-enhancing drugs in the competition. Company's also making its public debut now at the New York Stock Exchange. Joining me, we got Enhanced CEO Max Martin. Max, it is great to have you on the show. Maybe start here, Max. Just explain the company to the viewers, the different divisions and segments. What are what are investors buying here, Max? >> Yeah, first of all, thank you for having me on. It's a pleasure to join you today from the New York Stock Exchange. What investors are buying is a company that set out to give millions of people the opportunity to live enhanced. And we do this with two segments in our business that are combined under the enhanced brand. The first, as you alluded to already, is our sporting business where athletes can utilize FDA approved drugs under a doctor's supervision. And they also need to pass medical screenings where we determine whether they're healthy and safe to compete. We do this through our annual enhanced games which are happening for the first time over Memorial Day weekend on the 25th of May in Las Vegas, but also a ton of other sporting content where we showcase the safe and efficacious use of performance-enhancing substances. All of that sporting content that we create, we monetize through sponsorships, media rides, ticketing and merchandising. The second part of our business is the live enhanced consumer platform. These are the actual products that give people the opportunity to live enhanced. It starts in the OTC space, which are these two products that you can see here in the background. But then we also have prescription drugs. Those are all FDA approved and they range from hormone replacement therapy for women, TRT for men, certain longevity drugs, but then also approved peptides. That's probably the space that we're most excited about over the development over the next few years. And that all comes together in live enhance platform. Now, what investors are buying are not just two businesses that are great on a standalone basis, but the symbiosis of those being combined under the enhanced brand is really what makes it special because the consumer business is constantly improving through the work that we do with elite athletes. that work is taking place under the highest clinical and medical standards that there are and helps us create IP to constantly improve our product offering and the prescription guidelines around the products that we have. And secondly, like in any other DTOC business, customer acquisition cost, LTVs, average order values, uh, etc. are all positively impacted by our athletes, people that break records, people that set personal bests when they're 35. Um, are our brand ambassadors that are genuinely talking about them becoming healthier and better than they ever have before and that's what the investors are buying with Enhanced. >> So, and Max, explain the the business model to me in simple terms like how does Enhance make money? Is it the subscriptions, um, supplements, media rights? >> Yeah. So on the sporting side, the traditional sporting revenues in year one for us that's mostly going to be coming from sponsorships because we have said we're not going to sell our media rights for year one because we want to be as accessible to watch as broadly as possible to make the biggest impact. So in our first year, we're guiding 30 million in revenue coming from the sporting side of the business. On the consumer side, what we're guiding is roughly the same. And there the revenue comes from ODC supplements like those as well as consumers that sign up um and get prescribed to them prescription drugs in TRT, HRT, longevity drugs and peptides from doctors to them. >> You did go public. Uh Max, explain that decision and why via spa. >> We want to become a movement that is accessible for the people part of that movement to have an ownership piece in it. We're running towards transparency in sports like no organization before. Now, as we're on the New York Stock Exchange, we're running towards transparency as an organization as well. Enhanced is bigger than just watching our sports or just getting enhanced with our products. We are where the UFC was in 1993 before UFC 1, where the WWE was in 1985 before Wrestlemania 1. That's where we're at today. So instead of going public in 10 years from now, we actually want to take our fans and people in this movement on this financial growth journey with us together, which is why we're going public spec because after the decision we want to go public, we wanted to make it efficiently work before the first games and spec was the better route for us to achieve this goal to be live before the first games compared to a traditional IPO route. >> Max, let's talk about enhanced games. Now, this is this competition. It's coming up later this month as I understand it in Vegas, right? where you were gonna allow the athletes you're gonna allow the athletes max openly right to take these performance-enhancing drugs. How come, Max? Why? What the the point and purpose of this? >> Look, as you know from every sports, it's been going on for decades. Whether it's baseball, whether it's the Olympics, athletes have been cheating left, right, and center. There's actually research that shows that 43% of Olympian athletes admit to using banned substances, but only 1% is getting caught. So you ask yourself, how is it possible that basically every other athlete is getting away with cheating? The reason is those athletes that cheat, they take newly developed drugs that are not well researched and they take additional drugs on top of it to hide what they're taking in the first place. That maybe lets them circumvent the testing, but the price you need to pay is their health. But that's completely unnecessary because all of the drugs that make you perform better, recover quicker, and protect themselves better from injuries are actually FDA approved drugs that doctors prescribe to patients every single day. Look at Hollywood. All of the actors are openly enhanced. Look at some of the best executives in the world. They're openly enhanced. Why take away those benefits from the people that need it the most? Elite athletes that have the most taxing job on their bodies from all of us? And so this is why we're saying let's not be naive and pretend it's not happening. Let's take what's happening in the shadows, put it out in the open, put the right clinical and medical supervision in place to make sure that the athletes that choose to do it, which is very important. Athletes don't need to. They can choose to do it. And if they do so, they can do it safely. That's why >> what kind of drugs are we talking about Max? Like what are some possible examples? >> Yes. So there's four main categories of athletes that the athletes are taking. One is for example anabolic steroids including testosterone, estess etc. Another category is metabolic and hormone regulators. Then you have approved peptides and also stimulants like for example aderall. But these are the main four categories. But what is important is that every athletes protocol is highly personalized to themselves. Highly personalized means first of all who are you as an individual. Some people might like milk, others are lactose intolerant. That's the first layer. The second layer is which event are you doing? Are you running the marathon or are you running the 100 meter sprint? Depending on which event you have, the protocol is different to help you become the best at that. And that's how the protocols get personalized for the athletes across those four main categories. And this is exactly the same approach that we're replicating to the general consumers as well through our live enhanced platform. You know, Max, some some people they may watch sports sometimes, Max, professional sports, right? Or these big competitions because in part they sort of like watching athletes get busted like they like to watch the folks who get busted for cheating. It kind of becomes its own story. It adds drama to the whole narrative. What do you make of that? >> I'm not sure I fully got the question because you were cutting out a little bit. However, I think yes, obviously I think it's terrible if people cheat. There are certain rules to be abided by. That's why they exist. If people step outside of that system, they've been cheating. They've been taking advantage of something that the honest competitors didn't do. So, tons of our athletes that are actually competing with us have stood at the Olympics. >> Sorry, now I lost you completely. >> No, Max, can you can you hear me? I can I'm still hearing you. Yes, I can hear you now again. Sorry, did you just lose me in the middle of the sentence? I had someone ask. >> No, go ahead. Sorry, guys. >> We We were hearing you loud and clear. >> Okay. Sorry. Perfect. Let's get back to it. We have athletes that are competing with us that stood at the Olympics on place two knowing and feeling that number one was cheating and taking advantage, but they didn't get caught. And so, I appreciate that the drama should exist because the people should be held accountable to the rules that they sign up for. If they don't agree with those rules, we are now building a completely new platform that operates under a different rule set which I think has a very own uh right for its existence itself. >> Last question back. I'm just curious longer term do you think a lot of the the drugs and medicines and substances we're talking about right that you could take now in this competition you know maybe it's peptides or testosterone replacement therapy or HGH max. Do you think looking ahead 3 5 10 years do you think they'll be as popular and maybe as as widely prescribed max as GLP1s are today those new medicines? I think there's absolutely a pathway for it. I think what the adoption of GLP1s over the past 2 three years has shown us that people are very interested in taking a more proactive approach to their healthcare like utilizing science to help them become in the best they've ever been. Now, there's certain substances that have certain objectives. What I think I wouldn't want to do is say one of these substances is going to get massively adopted. What I do say though is, and I fundamentally believe this, is that this approach for GLP1 is an approach that's only going to grow. People are more mindful today about their bodies than they have been before. People at 40 are already starting to think about their health in a way that people at 60 typically did. 20 year olds are drinking much less alcohol, smoking less than their previous generations. We have so much more information available at our fingertips. People are getting more autonomous about their healthcare and want to take care of it preventatively rather than waiting for a disease to happen and then to take care of it. People are very curious to try to prevent that disease by being the healthiest they can be already beforehand. And I think what Live Enhanced offers to people is personalized protocols to help them individually become the best they ever could be. Whether you're 25 and training your first marathon, or whether you're 65 looking for more energy to take your grandkids to the playground and play with them, enhancements can help you get from where you are today to where you want to be and then also keep you there. Max, so great to have you on the show today and congrats again to you and the company. Thank you so much. Coming up, K-shaped economy may be hitting the fitness center. We dive into that story next on Market Domination. Downtown. Downow Lift shares wobbling after the ride share company reported profit below analyst estimates. Y Finance executive editor Brian Sazi spoke to CEO about this quarter and competition with Uber. Yeah. So it was actually a really strong quarter in a whole bunch of ways. And then as you mentioned, right? So look, uh almost $5 billion in bookings. That's enormous. Uh IBIT adjusted Ebidav 37% yearon-year. That's enormous. $1.2 billion $1.1 billion in free cash flow. All-time record. Okay. So then the question you asked is rides. So rides actually were super strong. We had about $237 million rides, which is a big frigin number and shows how basic this is to so many people's lives. little bit of a a slow start. Um lot of big storms in the northeast obviously and our bike business which also counts to ride sort of went to zero. Um but you know what we had our highest St. Patrick's Day ever, highest Valentine's Day ever? March was our highest week ever accelerating in Q2. So I think it was more of a little thing at the beginning of the quarter rather than anything more more substantive. >> Has the uh has this quarter started okay? I mean we're looking across the country, David, we got four, five, $6 plus gases in some states. I mean this is a wild backdrop. >> It is. It is. and you know and our drivers do feel it. We were the first out there to give a kind of a driver gas rebate program that really helps support them. You know what it has been a strong uh beginning of the second quarter and again I think rid share has moved from sort of a you know kind of a luxury thing off to the side to a really basic part of people's lives. Our our commute business for example is the highest it's ever been. So short answer is I think we're doing okay. Um but you know you're right the macro world's a little noisy. We saw a somewhat uh similar initiative over at what was it Door Dash? Uh $50 million hit in their first quarter. Uh suggesting another $50 million hit this quarter because they're helping their drivers out. How how long do these incentives do you do you think they will stay in place and how much do they add up for a lift? >> So we're kind of lucky there. So they'll stay in place as long as drivers need them for sure. But here's what we've done. We've partnered um with other organizations, other companies and given up to about a buck a gallon off at the pump. But frankly, it's a co-funded initiative. It hasn't been super material for us. And I actually think it speaks to sort of a bigger thing that's going on in the economy right now. If you sort of look at consumer behavior, of course, people are stressed. They're also working hard to to rewards Max, right? You mentioned we've got a United partnership that um that's just been refreshed. We've got a Door Dash partnership that's just extended to Canada. And all those partnerships allow people to get points or miles or discounts by sort of shopping smarter. And I think that's part of what's what's going on, what's kind of helping the consumer right now. >> I was getting ready to uh book a plane on on the summer, David. I actually take one or two days off for the first time in a couple years. I know, go me. But the prices for these tickets uh are pretty darn high because of higher jet fuel prices. Like what what will the summer travel season be for on a lift, you know, the these drivers with their higher gas prices, does that get passed on to the consumer? >> So, we try not to, right? And and in fact, if you look at our driver hours, which is the way that we measure driver uh engagement on our platform, it's actually at our highest ever. Uh certainly our highest in Q1. I think our highest ever, certainly since I started. So um you know, it's interesting. The the world is complex, right? On the one hand, as you say, you know, jet fuel is really expensive. That means, you know, people uh are going to pay more for an airline ticket, but again, then people are also figuring out ways to do um uh you know, to sort of use their points and so forth. So, at least again, from what we see, uh, things feel pretty strong, but you know, wait and see for sure. >> I like what you mentioned rewards maxing. Uh, I just wrote that down. I have to use that somewhere. Maybe my ex account on Instagram. Like, I don't I don't know where yet. Um, let's talk let's talk about what we're doing on on on Whimo um in Nashville because that seems like a very big initiative for you. >> It is. It is. The way I think about our company right now is we're performing and transforming, right? And you got to do both, right? So performing means quarter after quarter performance, picking people up faster, you know, financially hitting all of our metrics and so forth. Transforming means really embracing the autonomous vehicle future. And it's a real thing. When people take AVs, they tend to like them. We're bringing them under our platform first at a significant scale, first in Nashville, as you just said. And our big initiative aside from being able to order a Whimo on the Lift app is going to be that we've got now an 80,000 square foot depot that we're building out to help with the fleet management in Whimo. Financially, it's great. It means that we get paid for every ride, but it also means that it really shows how important the logistics and operations are going to be in this kind of AV future. >> I'm such a geek about that stuff in that depot, 80,000 square feet. I mean, that's massive. Like, if I were to walk in there, what will you be doing in there? And how big of investment is >> Uh, you know, it's kind of 10 to$15 million worth of money in the ground. That's not a lot in the big, you know, as I mentioned, we just generated over a billion dollars in cash. But what it does do is is it allows us to maintain. It allows us to charge. You know, there'll be, I don't know, tens or hundreds of charging stations in there. And funny thing happens with AVs, for example, I'll give you a tiny geeky thing. Tires actually need to be changed quite regularly, right? And funnily enough, AVs pick up tires in a different way from consumer-driven because they tend to drive a little bit differently than consumers. They tend to use different parts of the road. They pick up a little more more tax. It's a kind of weird thing at the edge. But we've been doing fleet management for many years with flex drive. Billions of miles driven on flex drive vehicles which are kind of owned and operated through Lyft. We have a lot of expertise here and it's going to be even more important in the in the AV future. In our time, do these AVs replace me using my phone and there's a human behind the car >> or in the car? >> No. >> No. Here's here's what's going to happen. We call it the hybrid network. And and it's just it's just it's economics and it's also human preference. The economics are you can't have enough AVs on the ground in any one city to to to manage demand at 5:00 in the afternoon or after an NFL game and also not have there just be an economic drag on your on your balance sheet. So, uh, you're going to have a baseline of AVs and then drivers are going to fill in the gaps, um, you know, at kind of peak demand time and then meanwhile, a lot of riders are going to say, you know what, yeah, I want a little help with my with my groceries or help with my luggage or whatever it might be. So, I think it's actually one of those great things where the hole is great in the sum of the parts. I don't so much look at substitution. I look at market expansion. >> Since uh we last talked, David, it's been a bit. Um, your competitor Uber went out and spent some money to buy Black Lane. I mean, a black car service. Uh, I've used this before. It works. It's a really nice service. I hope Uber doesn't mess this thing up because I'm be really pissed off at them. How are you focused on that next tier that higherend person and then secondarily I mean how are you focused on the folks showing up at airports? >> Yeah. So u glad you brought it up. So copycat str copycat strategy hate to say it but it's true. So we bought a company called TBR a year ago. It's a global chauffeur network. Very very high lane. It's you high-end. It's used for non-deal road shows. It's used for very high-end corporate events and so forth. We're seeing a lot of the same um sort of dynamic that you're kind of mentioning, which is people are actually trading up to black. It's a really interesting thing. It's actually our highest rated uh service, Lift Black is on our our platform. Uh and it's grown something like 50%. By the way, over a third of the cars I just heard are now um I think they're uh Suburbans and 2/3 are newer than 3 years old. So even within the Lyft app, setting aside the sort of other, you know, services that that those guys are buying and that we've bought, uh, black is really exploding. And again, I think it sort of shows people are using points. People are using all sorts of ways to sort of treat themselves a little bit even as they're also trying to make their their money go further. But that's sort of the big picture going on there. >> And of course, David, you're an avid uh user. I know you also I mean, you ride your bike, but um you also drive lifts from time to time. Any big summer plans for you? >> Well, I do have a lot of big summer plans. I got to tell you a super quick lift driving story. >> Two weekends ago, I picked up a couple. Uh they had just gotten engaged. I dropped them off at at an event and then I knew I was going to pick them up later cuz they had a scheduled ride. So, I went home, actually got a bottle of uh Tomorrow Sellers, non-alcoholic sparkling uh wine is a whole side hustle I'm doing. Anyway, brought it back to them for their next thing, brought it to their their restaurant, and it was uh we both had the time of our lives. So, there's no substitute. If you're a leader, get out and and and hang out with your customers. You >> That's real class. Uh, David, you got to try to fix this situation with the World Cup. I mean, they're not even letting ride shares in there. It's going to be wild. >> Uh, we're going to be right there as long as we can. >> All right, that's all I can ask for. David, good to see you. Have a good weekend. >> Coming up, we're taking a look at options plays in battle markets. Don't go anywhere. Heat. Heat. N. When certain markets are making options plays a more attractive of investment. My next guest says elevated volatility is creating a premium for this strategy. Let's bring in Mike Co, yield back strategist at Titan Financial Group, the options playbook sponsored by Tasty Trade. Mike, it is great to see you, especially on set. Um, start high level, Mike. You look at the options market right now. What are the important trends and themes we need to know about? >> Well, I think everybody who looks at the options market, usually the first thing they look to is the VIX. And if you're looking at the VIX, it's slightly below average. Underneath the hood though, what's interesting is that single stock options remain bid. In fact, if we look at the relationship between those two right now, we're in about the 12th percentile. So that is a pretty low number. I mean, can index go lower relative to single stock? It can, but not a whole lot further from here. And so what that tells me is that this is a really good opportunity for people who are perhaps looking to hedge or something like that. You can buy a little bit of index protection. It's not overpriced. It's not incredibly cheap, but it's not overpriced. But the single stock options premium, I think there's a really nice opportunity to uh potentially sell some upside calls and call spreads, which is what we do. Le >> let's talk about a couple specific strategies you lay out. One product you highlight looks like dividend paying companies. Why why that? Why do you like that setup? >> Yeah, I mean there's a couple reasons. For one thing, we've seen such a tremendous run in the S&P. We've seen such a tremendous run in the hottest sectors, MAG7, the chips, semis, and I know we can talk a little bit about that too. But one of the areas that has been left behind is sort of the dividend aristocrat area. So we have a portfolio that's got the Dow Jones 100 US dividend index stocks in it. That's your Proctors and Gambles. It's your Verizons. It's the integrated oil companies. Kimberly Clark, you know, toilet paper and diapers. People don't use less of that when things get woolly. So we think we're pretty confident that that's a a stable bit of stocks. You get the qualified dividends plus you collect some option income. But the most important thing about it is that the forward turn on that basket of stocks, even though they're up more than the S&P this year, is only 14.6. So the S&P up like, you know, 21.5 times forward earnings, 14.6 times forward earnings. If anybody's worried about valuation, that's a nice place to be. >> You did mention the ships, which have been a rocket ship. What's the smart option strategy there? >> Yeah, I think this is the same situation. Look, I mean, I never am going to tell people bail out on a winning trade while it's still winning. And this one still is winning. So you can certainly stick with it. But because there are all of these people who are enthusiastically buying those upside calls and keeping them bid, you can keep those stocks, sell some upside calls and call spreads against it. That's what our socks and chippy strategies do. If you do the call spread strategy against a long stock, you're collecting a little bit less premium, but you don't have capp gains. So you can still get that participation probably 70 to 80% of the capital appreciation of the underlying stocks and a little bit of a tailwind from a distribution as well. these strategies you're laying out here, Mike, who are they who are they for and who are they potentially not for? >> So, the one that we were talking about with the dividends, I think that's really for anybody who wants to just have a stable platform of stocks and collect a modest distribution. We're talking about 7% distributions a year, about three three and a half% of that coming from qualified dividends and the rest of it is options income and some capital appreciation. And again, those are mature stocks, Verizon, Proctor, Chevron, things like that. Uh, obviously the Chippies and the Sockies, those are semiconductors. That's for people who are really looking for the more thematic trade and are trying to stick with this one. It has had a heck of a tear. I'm not telling anybody to sell it. Don't, you know, let your winners run for sure, but that's for somebody who's looking for uh a little more fast-paced environment. >> How do you see, Mike, these strategies like their their role in in a portfolio? Like are they tools like additional tools, arrows in your quiver, or know that they're here to replace stocks? How do you think through that? If anybody has a portfolio that wants distributions, then these are the kinds of things they ought to be thinking about because most of the hottest stocks right now, they don't pay a dividend, but a lot of people who invest, they want a portfolio that pays them a little something because especially when you get to retirement age or maybe you're using it to supplement, you know, cash flow gaps in in your situation. You know, historically before World War II, that's why people invested. You'd put money into into investments, they would pay you distributions, and you would use those to live. I think recently people have been much more focused on capital appreciation, but I think if the population is aging and as people are looking to take more out of their portfolios, they're going to treat them more like endowments, pensions, and trusts do and say, "Okay, we're going to look for a little bit of cash flow out of these." >> Before I let you go, I just want your G, you've been a market watcher for a long time. Your kind of general take on these markets. Um, I hear some folks, Mike, they'll say, "This market makes no sense. We got geopolitics and war. I got elevated oil." Others I've heard say it makes perfect sense because the earnings are so impressive. Just follow that. Um and I'm just curious to get your take. What how do you come down? >> The S&P has gotten cheaper since the beginning of the year even though the price has gotten higher. And that's because the earnings have grown faster than the price has gone up. And the difference is exactly what you're talking about. People concerned about geopolitical issues. People are concerned about inflation. People who are concerned about the K-shaped economy affecting the lower-end consumers. But, you know, there is something that's important to remember, and you know this cuz you've been watching the market almost as long as I have. >> Every bull market climbs a wall of worry. So, if as long as people are still talking about those things that should worry us, I become less worried, right? Because it means it's on everybody's radar when people just say, "Oh, we're not going to worry about that." Then then it's time to worry, >> Mike. Always great, especially at John said. Thank you, sir. >> Yeah, it's great. Thanks. >> Coming up, we have you covered through the closing bell on Wall Street. Don't >> That was great, Mike. Thank you, man. That was perfect. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. Stocks ending the day mostly higher here. The Dow just below the flatline. Our very own Jared Blickery is standing by with the very latest. Jared, >> thanks Josh. Breaking news. The Dow just barely pulled into the green there. That was a photo finish. So we do have all the majors in the green here. Dow finishing at 49,67.81. But that's not a record high. We have the record highs in the NASDAQ. A huge day for semiconductors up 1.7% that's the NASDAQ composite. S&P 500 that is a record up uh 84 basis points joining the NASDAQ at records as well. Russell 2000 not quite a record but still solid gains at about 3/4 of 1% and even micro caps up uh just under 1% there. Let's get to some of the heat maps. It was all about tech today. We're going to look at the chips in a minute, but that was the only outperformer carrying virtually the uh entire S&P 500's gains today. You can see XLK up there 3.4%. That is good for a record high. What did not work today? XLV and XLU. That's healthcare and utilities. Both of those down 8 n10 of a percent. And you can see all the dark green in here. That's mainly the chip trade working. Uh among some of the leaders here, the mega caps, Broadcom up 4%, Tesla up 4%, although not a chip trade. uh Microsoft and Meta each of those uh down more than 1%. So let's take a look a quick look inside software you can see some bright spots. Data dog a day after maybe it's two days after earnings that's up 6% uh PANW up almost six crowd up more than four and Cisco up more than four as well. But the action was in the semiconductors. Intel up almost 14% there. AMD up 11, Micron up 15% and applied materials up 6%. just outstanding, breathtaking moves here that we've seen over the last what month and a half since those March 30 lows here in the semiconductors. In the Dow, you're going to see a lot of red and uh as we saw almost closed in the red today. Aside from the mega caps, we got Cisco, we just mentioned that that's up almost 5%. Goldman Sachs up one, Boeing up two and three/arters. United Health uh very similar uh result there. Salesforce and McDonald's both trading to the downside off more than 2%. Josh. All right, thank you Jared. Let's unpack the wider market as Wall Street wraps up the trading week. Investors watching developments with Apple and Intel as well. The Wall Street Journal reporting the two companies have signed an agreement to build chips for Apple's devices. Markets also digest the latest jobs report with non-farm payrolls coming in above expectations. Let's bring in now Anna Rathbund. She's founder and CEO of Grenadilla Advisory. Uh and it's great to see you. Maybe start with the news of the day there, Anna. The jobs report. I'm curious what you made of it and what you think the Fed makes of it. >> Um, actually I think the jobs report was wonderful. Um, it was really great. It was two consecutive months of really good jobs report. But this one is actually different because we had some cyclical sectors uh that were represented in the leaders. So I'm talking about transportation. I'm talking about retail trade. That tells me that something is waking up in the US economy and that means strength. As far as the Fed is concerned that actually allows the Fed to keep the rates as high as they want. Um they would have the reason to do so because the labor market is strong. Um so you know it actually the the the lower uh tilt message that we got in the last meeting uh that may be a little bit premature going into the rest of the year. we're actually uh maintaining the view that we're probably not going to get a cut. >> And let me ask you this, Anna, if that's right, that's your base case, can the market move higher even if you don't get a cut? >> I think so. So, if you look at the S&P 500, there's a very, very narrow leadership, right? And that's all basically AI trade. And today specifically is a chips trade. They don't actually, it doesn't matter to them if the Fed cuts rates or keeps it up. um they have a lot of funding uh there's a lot of liquidity in fact they're kind of investing in one another right striking deals so I don't think it will matter um for those leaders the rest of them yeah I mean certainly for small caps that actually rely on floating rate loans that might actually hit them >> turning to the market you argue here in still strong momentum behind equities despite Iran despite oil prices what what do you think is just sort of overpowering all those risks right now is it just that great AI high trade and trend remaining intact. >> Yeah, I think AI has made a comeback, but also during the earnings season, they've actually shown us why they have that narrow leadership, right? So, not only is it do we have a ceasefire or not, well, that's a little bit on the backdrop now. It's really about earnings and this feeling that we're getting. I know feeling is a weird word, uh, but the manufacturing has been actually waking up. Um, same thing with uh the jobs numbers. something is waking up in the economy and I think I think we're all seeing it. >> How do I smartly Anna invest in that great AI infrastructure buildout? You know, of course, we all know the Pix and Shelves. We know the Nvidia, the AMDs, and in your opinion, are are there other smart avenues and angles to pursue? >> Yeah, the chips are at the center of the picks and shovels. You can actually go out a little bit further um and still be uh picks and shovels. And I would talk about like energy, right? There are data centers that are not getting energy. So, they're built, but they can't operate, right? So, I would say energy buildout is going to be still picks and shovels. Industrials, you're going to need construction in order to be able to build those things. Commodities, definitely, you're going to need the copper and you're going to need the steel. So, there's a lot of different flavors in that picks and shovels trade that you can actually play on. >> What about sort of the the AI adoption side, Anna? uh what are what are smart opportunities there in your opinion? >> Yeah, I mean that's going to take a little time because that is reliant on the software side. So we know that Agentic AI has been you know the talk of town since last December um with Claude and now OpenAI coming on also um I think that Agentic AI when it becomes a part of our real you know day-to-day workflow and we can't live without it that's going to lift all boats in other industries such as financials healthcare you name it but that's going to take some time so I think that's a wait and see um I don't think that's a today's story it might be a next story, but that is I think what is coming. >> What is you know, we referenced this in the intro, Anna. Um, since we're talking tech here, this new journal story, how Apple and Intel have reached a preliminary chipm agreement, work together on on chips for Apple devices. It doesn't sound like we know yet um which Apple devices exactly, iPhone, Mac, but I'm just curious what you make of that. Um what are the lessons? Does it possibly just tell us, listen, how how desperate companies are are are getting now for chip capacity? Well, that's part of the story. I the key word there is preliminary. So, I know we got really excited today in the markets. Uh but we still have to wait and see. I think that the news is good news for Intel certainly because number one there's vote of conference uh confidence. I mean companies like really picky companies like Apple actually uh signing an agreement a preliminary agreement with Intel that's a huge vote of confidence and I think the investors have been waiting to see that. The other thing is, you know, if they can make these advanced chips, that means that says something about the quality of Intel's production, right? Or we we haven't seen it yet, but um hopefully maybe Apple has that kind of confidence, right? So, it's certainly good for Intel, but honestly, uh since Lip Bhutan came on about a year ago, um a lot of changes have been made on the externals of the company, um you know, talking to Elon and Apple and President Trump, etc. a year is really not long enough to actually make the internal changes that are required to actually execute on this agreement. So, this is a wait and see news. >> Uh Anna, let me ask you, you're talking to clients right now and they're asking about this stock market, this this run off the March 30 low, and they're asking you, "What's on your radar? What worries you? What concerns you? What are the downside risks I need to be thinking about? What are you telling them?" Yeah, you know, downside risk can really come from anywhere, right? So, you can't really worry about it. What you can worry about and you can control is your portfolio. So, when you have narrow leadership like we do in the S&P 500, you know, AI trade now is real, take it, take the gains. This is the time to rebalance the portfolio. So, you're not actually concentrating more and more on that narrow leadership. So sometimes actually maintenance of the portfolio is the best thing you can do in a condition like this. >> What does that mean though practically speaking Anna? Maintenance. >> Yeah, maintenance is rebalancing, right? So let's say you have some large cap in S&P 500. You have some small caps. Um you know record high for S&P 500. Small caps did well but not so not as high. Maybe it's time to rotate. Take some of the gains from the AI uh play and then put it into the small caps. go back to your strategic weights. >> Anna, good to see you as always. Thank >> Coming up, our next guest says YouTube could be the big winner in the streaming awards. That's next on Market Domination. Heat up here. Paramount is betting that bigger is better in streaming, but a new note argues There could be a different winner as consumers grow less loyal to platforms and more loyal to creators sports and cultural moments. More we're bringing now Ian Bayer, founder and CEO of Sooth. Ian, it is great to see you again. So, start big picture here. Sure thing. >> This Paramount WBD deal WBD deal. You think a lot of folks on Wall Street maybe sort of just misunderstanding where this media industry is and where it's headed. What do you mean by that? Well, there was so much focus on on consolidation and getting all these networks and all these bigger is better and scale. >> But, you know, you go back to the old adage of, you know, I've got a thousand channels on my TV and there's nothing to watch. This isn't really a volume game anymore that we so much when it comes to entertainment have become a society of tribes. We we have people who are in fan culture, let's say, connected to all of those uh superhero properties and sci-fi properties that now Paramount has under one roof, right? But with DC and and uh Star Trek and all that, but that's only like 8% of streamers are are those fandom types. about threearters of the people who stream significantly, who have at least three or four streaming services, they're more there to be a part of the pop culture moments to stay on top of the news, especially in election years like this one and and like we're going to have coming up in in 28. They're going to go as the wind goes in terms of of where the hottest cultural moments are happening. So, if you're paramount, having a certain number of titles, a certain number of properties is not as important as having the hot one, the stuff everyone's talking about. And increasingly, that's not happening in traditional streaming. It's happening in places like YouTube. It's happening in places like uh Patreon and Substack and and all of the independent content creators. That's actually who we think will see the biggest windfall from this. >> So, in other words, are you saying in the consumer? So Josh, you're saying he's he's not so loyal to a platform. He's loyal to the creator, the content. That's what Okay. >> You're loyal to your teams, >> you're loyal to certain directors, certain stars, certain genres. So it's not just going to be about having everything in one place. I mean, as long as HBO in its new ownership model where it really just gets absorbed, you know, it's not going to be a standalone service anymore. It's just getting pulled into Paramount Plus. as long as they keep cranking out >> the stuff that has what we used to call, you know, water cooler uh uh attraction, the the stuff people feel like they need to be talking about to be culturally relevant. HBO's had a pretty good track record of that in the new model. Will they continue to do that culture defining type of programming? >> Remains to be seen. wide open >> in the in sort of the world you're you're describing here. The one winner is YouTube. You mentioned why is YouTube a winner there? >> Because it Well, YouTube right now often doesn't get recognized this way, it's the number one TV network in America. Anyone who's not looking at it that way. >> It isn't my my seven-year-old, that's all she's on is YouTube. >> Well, and it's not just seven-year-old, but but yes. Right. So, think about as your of course, who knows what the world is going to look like when your seven-year-old's a 27y old. Don't want to, you know, depress you thinking about that as an empty neester myself, but um it's not just seveny olds. It's Gen Z. They go to YouTube first. A lot of younger millennials do. And more and more as we're seeing the creators who have made their mark in more traditional broadcast TV finding there's a lot more money and a lot more creative freedom as an independent creator on a platform like YouTube. But as I said don't sleep on the next tier, the Substacks, the Patreons of the world that give these content creators even more freedom to monetize and express. So I think a lot of of volume will shift that way especially because of those high streaming households we talked about almost half 47% are planning to drop a service this year. Well, as the number of platforms they can choose from gets smaller through contraction, they're going to be cutting off some interesting stat I thought in your note that drop. Um, does that suggest also is that kind of indicative of a is is it a streaming fatigue that's setting in? What do you make of that? >> Some of it's just economic. I mean, if we look at what's happening in the job market, things are tightening up. People are nervous. What we've observed is people are more nervous than they are active in trying to figure out what's next. But as people get more and more concerned with how they spend their money and as these streaming platforms start to resemble each other more, >> people are going to come to tough decisions and say, you know what, maybe what I'm spending on Paramount or on Peacock or on Netflix is more additive than it is uh cumulative. Um, I thought another point your note was interesting to me, which was how you talked about how streaming platforms now they have a lot of competition and content. Uh, and you talked about gaming, you talked about sports betting. How important is it for investors to recognize and appreciate that shift? >> Well, really what we're talking about here are are multi-screen streamers, right? It's if anyone who's thinking about the typical streamer being somebody who's just watching something on TV >> that pertains maybe to the 70 plus consumers but by and large people are using multiple screens they're using their phone they're using their laptop maybe using both at the same time >> and what they're doing very often is providing themselves complimentary content whether it's commerce right I'm I'm watching a cooking show and I want to buy that allclad pan I just saw or uh I'm watching a sports event and I either want to place a bet, I want to buy a jersey, maybe I want to do both, maybe I want to buy tickets. All these things are happening simultaneously with people seamlessly working these multiple screens and that is a behavior that year by year is moving from more of a youthoriented behavior to just the way everyone watches TV. There are probably very few people watching this now who typically watch TV without a device in their hand. >> Uh on sports, I want to drill into that with you. Sure. >> Uh you talk about how fans follow leagues, they follow rights packages, they don't follow networks, >> right? >> Uh first explain that and second, if that's true, who wins then? Does big tech win that? >> So we're we're going to see a lot of change in the uh sports contract. We've already seen it, right? YouTube, you know, taking over more with regard to the Super Bowl and all of of these things that we've always associated with, you know, this network is the home of the World Series or of the NCAA's or it's all fractionalizing. We see college conferences making their own independent TV deals. We've seen, of course, the dissolution of what has been the MLB streaming deal. A lot of teams having fallen off of that diamond contract that fell apart and now having to find their own way sometimes with alternative streaming platforms, with an Amazon, with an Apple. So, the more this stuff gets fractionalized, people are just going to go where they can see their favorite players, their favorite teams, wherever they have their money writing. >> How much do you think the announcers play into this? Like for me as an NFL fan, I'll often look for certain announcers that I just love listening to. It could be a game I don't even care about. But if he's calling it, I like to listen. >> Is this an announcer tied to one of your home teams? >> No. I I just think I just think there's some announcers that are so smart. Yes. >> And also entertaining. I get the full package and I'll just tune in for them. >> And some who drive you crazy. Some some where you just wish you could be listening to. >> Thousand% true. That's why I love one of the things anyone who uses the MLB TV streaming app, they actually give the ability to choose the synced audio >> that goes with the video you're watching. So, you know, if if Joe Buck is getting you down and you'd rather listen to your Sorry, Joe Buck, uh you'd rather listen to your home team announcer, you have that option. And unlike trying to sync up multiple devices, it automatically syncs the audio to the video so you don't have, you know, strike three calls right before you see strike two. >> Uh so that people are really feeling much more in control of all that and they'll certainly follow the on-air talent the same way they follow the teams, the same way they follow the athletes. This is really becoming an ondemand world when it comes to almost any type of programming. And in a lot of ways, sports is is blazing the trail for how a lot of other entertainment categories are going to have to operate. >> Ian, always such a pleasure, especially on set. Thank you, sir. >> Thank you so much. Great to be here. >> Finance executive editor Brian Sazi spent the beginning of the week in Beverly Hills, California at the Global Milkin Conference. Got a chance to sit down with Linda Yakarino, the former CEO of X, formerly known as Twitter. Yakarino shares the challenges she faced at the helm of the social media company and working under Elon Musk. Let's take a listen to that. >> Now that I guess you've had a little bit of time to decompress like that two-year period of working with X um reworking the whole entire business, Elon, like what did you what did you learn about yourself and what did you learn about doing business? >> Oh goodness, I learned so much. That's another episode of a podcast. But I >> I'm trying to te next >> up. I would say uh that when I first started, and a lot of people have heard me talk about this. When I first started, I used to say that it was a career opportunity of a lifetime. And then I was there a couple of weeks and I dropped the career part and I said, "It's just an opportunity of a lifetime." And again, I go back to my time of what we did of repositioning the platform to become the global town square. And I say for the world, it was like turning a light bulb on in a dark room. And and so who wouldn't want to be part of that? But as you know, it was not it was at a very uh uh tumultuous time. Transformation is always messy. And when it's messy, people that you think you've known your whole career uh or people that you've done business with, it takes them a little while uh to warm up to what you're doing. So that's why even those relationships that I talked about mattered most. But uh you you you have to learn in that type of position to have conviction about what you're trying to accomplish. And you have to be comfortable being alone. You have to be comfortable being lonely. And and I could go on and on about the things I learned about me, the things I learned about the warrior team that we put together at X. Many of them are still there. But uh managing and navigating such a massive global transformation under the scrutiny of uh governments all over the world, uh businesses all over the world and of media. That was a really hard thing to do. And I you know look I couldn't have been prouder at the tenure and look at the stability of the company the the uh financial stability of the company uh we brought all the advertisers back uh became profitable for the first time. So it was super exciting list of accomplishments to power players with Brian Sazy on Monday May 11 for the full interview. Coming up Mother's Day is the Super Bowl for the flower industry. We talk to an entrepreneur in the space about how she's gearing up for the big weekend. Hello and welcome. Welcome to asking for a trend. Americans are expected to spend a record $ 38 billion on Mother's Day this year. It's according to the National Retail Federation with the most popular gift being flowers. But with headwinds like rising fertilizer prices, a harsh winter, and terrorists make that bouquet cost a little more this year. Joining me now on this is Manakshi Lala, the CEO of Urban Stems. Manakshi, it is good to see you. So, Mother's Day this weekend, Minoxi, now how important is this for your business? Is this is this kind of like the is this the Super Bowl for the floral business? Manakshi, >> hi Josh, thanks for having me. Mother's Mother's Day absolutely is the Super Bowl for the floral industry. Uh between Mother's Day and Valentine's Day combined, these two moments alone account for over 50% of the annual flower sales in the United States. >> How walk me through what it's like behind closed doors of your business. Like how what does it actually look like? Is it just all hands on deck? Total crunch time? It absolutely is. I am uh dialing in from Hyetszville, Maryland, which is one of our largest fulfillment centers, distribution centers um in the United States. And um you know with with the product we deal with flowers, it's interesting the leadup is uh probably typical to other product categories where you plan, you forecast. However, um end to end from the time the product from the time the flowers leave the farms to your coffee table, it's a 21-day end to end cycle. So once the product lands into our fulfillment centers, we have 5 days. So this week um is is the big week for us and with consumers uh really relying on last minute shopping, we see 60 to 70% of the purchasing happening in the week of Mother's Day. >> I wanted to ask you that actually like do most people do they get ahead of this or no? They wait until the last minute. >> They absolutely wait until the last minute. I often joke uh hence all the gray hair uh that that I have but um you know consumers are about um ease and efficiency and um what we call the Amazon effect. Customers are used to purchasing product close to demand and we are seeing um you know Mother's Day shoppers replicate that same behavior that we see them replicate for other holidays as well. >> Manaki we're always looking for lines of sight into the consumer and you certainly have that uh unique line of sight. What do you make of the consumer right now broadly? How are they doing, Minoxi? Would you say resilient, stable? What do you see? >> Um, you know, we're seeing a bit of a mixed bag. We're seeing a little bit of everything. We're seeing the K-shaped economy behavior. We seeing that consumer is very consistent. Um, they're higher income consumers. They're spending in many cases spending more. They're buying flowers and caviar, flowers and wine, flowers and cooking cookies and really adding a lot of highpriced um items to their checkout. Um and on the other hand, we are seeing uh the opening price point customer that is struggling with purchasing. They're more price sensitive um and they are pulling back and we are seeing that be behavior in shopping. >> Are interested in are you seeing more evidence of consumers trading down and in your business? what what does that actually look like trading down when it comes to flowers? >> So, you know, um that's interesting. We're seeing two extremes as I said that uh that consumer the higher income consumer is adding and trading up adding caviar to flowers, adding alcohol to flowers and um the consumer the more price sensitive consu consumer is trading down. They are react they are going towards more of the opening price point SKs. they're going towards plants and not flowers um which are more affordable and the lower end of the um you know segment. So we are seeing a little bit of both um but um you know I think given the state of where we are as an economy that's expected and hence the assortment that urban stems has put out um reflects a little bit of both. Uh we have an offering for our customers at every price point. >> What's the average spend managi? Um, so the average spend around this time period is about $130 to $140. Um, which is pretty high. And on the higher end with the um with the additive categories that I mentioned, we're seeing consumers have basket sizes almost as high as $200. >> Walking through your supply chain minoxy, where do you source flowers from? >> We source flowers from 13 countries around the world. And the intent of doing that is to bring the best of the world uh to your coffee table, to our consumer's coffee table. Urban Stems' model is built around working with farms um around the countries that produce the best of of the floral variety. So your roses from Ecuador and your sunflowers from Colombia and the panies and tulips from Holland. >> Have you had to navigate the tariff dynamic, Minoxi? >> Yeah, absolutely. Tariffs has been front and center uh for for a full year uh and they're a constant, you know, variable in the global supply chain. But for us in flowers, they're a catalyst for agility because we source from 13 countries around the world. We have to constantly pivot our supply chain and real time to farms that offer better pricing at scale. Um and the goal is not just to avoid the tariff. Uh it's to ensure that the cost of the tariff does not get passed to the customer and to the customer's coffee table. >> What about rising fuel costs? Manakshi um I'm curious how you're dealing with that. Are you raising prices in response? Are you taking a margin hit? How are you navigating it? >> Yeah, a you know a little bit of both. Fuel search charges especially in a product category like flowers um you know causes a huge impact. Um as we know fuel costs are record high right now. Um and we are however we are rooted in our operational efficiency rather than passing the price hikes to the customer. We are trying to optimize our delivery network and our supply chain networks to minimize the impact of what uh fuel does to consumers. Um but we do have a reliance on big box carriers like FedEx uh to ship our product and we are seeing higher charges um in those channels. >> Why buy flowers online? you know, you've always you got the local floor shop, you got the grocery stores. What's sort of the advantage of that direct to consumer model? >> Yeah, absolutely. So, um you know, the local florists do a wonderful job in a certain geography. So, if you are sending flowers in your local neighborhood to someone who lives down the street from you, great. You can call your local florist and order your flowers. Um but when you have mom living in um on a different coast or mother-in-law living you know in another city uh in the country and if you want the consistency of product the experience of picking um a gift experience for them online and then having that delivered to them across the board in six cities, seven cities, 10 cities, you know, depending on who you're gifting to, that consistency comes from e-commerce delivery providers, especially at Urban Stems. We take a we design our in product with our in partnership with our farms and take a position on that inventory. So we are selling you exactly what you're seeing. What you see is what you get here at Urban Stems. >> Final question actually. Maybe a viewer's watching right now, right? Uh they're late. They haven't ordered yet. They're behind the ball. What's your advice? >> Uh my advice is order fast. Urban Stems is in market until 9:00 p.m. Eastern tonight for nationwide delivery and um until Sunday afternoon in select same day cities. And my advice to you is mothers u carry an incredible amount of mental load and do a ton for you. So go big for moms. Don't skimp on moms. >> Sound advice, man. Sound advice. Thank you for your time today. Appreciate it. >> Thank you so much. >> Stick around. Much more Ask for a trend still to come. to our coverage of the annual Milkin Conference in Los Angeles. Yo Finance's executive editor Brian Sazy sat down with authentic brands chief executive Jamie Salter and NBA Hall of Famer Shaquille O'Neal. They reflect on their long-term business relationship, lessons in leadership, and what's important in building a brand. Take a listen. >> How does this relationship work? >> Can I tell you how we met? >> Absolutely. >> Started here in LA. I'm walking down Hollywood Boulevard with my kids and I see about 50 people with Elvis T-shirts. So now in my mind I'm saying I know Elvis has been passed away for a long time. Where where is all this money gone? Like what what's happening? So started doing my research and I came across Authentic Brands and another company who's no longer in business. So I think I made the right decision when I met with Jamie. I told him my dream. He's like, "Shaq, I know who you are." And he says, "I'm impressed with your business." I was like, "Well, I've been doing it by myself." He's like, "I want to help you live forever." Like didn't even have a conversation. He just said, "I want to help you live forever." It was him. He has four boys. It's a family business. I said, "I love it. I want to be your partner." We've been partners since 2015. I think it's one of my greatest decisions ever cuz I always wanted to be a part of something. And as an athlete, always wanted to live forever because in college when my professor told me that big guys don't sell, that fueled me to be the first big guy to, you know, be in the marketplace and selling and endorsement. So when I first uh got to authentic Brands, it was 100% uh >> endorsements >> the endorsements. Now it's 50 endorsements, 50 licences. So I learned a lot from this guy. I'm happy to be a part of him. And how I really got to him, it says the greatest leaders are the ones smart enough to hire people that are smarter than you. So when I met this guy and I met his family, I was like, "Hey, I want to be your partner. I want to be in your team." And you know what I love about this guy, this coaches, when I have something to say, he listens. For example, I bug my good friend Jamie 10 years in a row. Please buy Reebok. Now what I want to buy, please buy Reebok. Like every month I send him, you know, I send him clean and then finally he says, you know what? We're going to buy Reebok. So he's a he's a he's a true partner. >> Jamie, I've been following your career for over 10 years. I remember when you made that Reebok deal. I made the email somewhere out there. Like I was so pumped for you. How do you make Shaq live forever and how is Reebok doing? >> First of all, Reebok is doing unbelievable and thank you to Shaquille O'Neal for helping us uh get Reebok where it is today. But uh Reebok's doubled in business uh since we bought it. Literally doubled in business since we bought it. But I think that when we look at brands, right, sometimes the business model may be broken, but the brand's still a good brand, right? And and I think when you look at sort of the brands that we've boughten over the years, whether it's Reebok or Champion or it's Guest, the business model isn't always, you know, correct. And with Reebok, it's a really good example. They really weren't, you know, continuing to be rooted in sport, right? They got out of basketball. They got out of football. >> I still couldn't believe they got out of >> got out of hockey. They they got out of really, you know, sport. And Shaq's like, "Jamie, we're going to get into this and we're going right back into sport." I go, "But you know, Shaq, 60% of the business, it's classics, it's fashion." He says, "You look after that piece of the puzzle. I'll look after the sports side." And sure enough, we're back in basketball. We're back in soccer. We're back in football. And now we're actually going back into hockey. So, we're getting back to the roots of where Reebok started. >> Jamie, I've never asked you this, but I'm gonna ask you like, how do you find these opportunities? Your latest deal was Guest, iconic brand we all grew up wearing. Like, how do you find these things? >> Look, Guess is another situation was a public company, you know, big company, right? Doing $6 billion in revenue, uh, retail revenue around the globe. uh sat down with the owner and said to him, "Look, we think that guest is, you know, could be double in size. Uh we would like to focus on content and the creativity side of our business entertainment." And when you really think about, you know, guests, guests may be a fashion brand, but how did they get there, right? How did guests get to where they were? The marketing was the ads. >> It was a marketing. It was a machine. it was with the models and it was LA and you really go back to seeing how they built that brand and today brands are actually being built that way. Today content drives commerce and that's how we're taking all the brands that are in the portfolio today is really focusing on the content side. Today 18% of our total business and we're doing like I said close to $ 38 billion in revenue. 18% of the business is rooted in the entertainment business and that's really Shaq and the team that are you know continuously pushing us on the studio side on the live event side on the documentaries on the influencers on social media. Today we have 980 million social media fans. 980 million social media fans and we owe that to you to to Shaq because Shaq's like focus where you can get a ton of social. Let's build this ecosystem. Shaq, how do you explain the resurgence in Reebok? Uh because if you look at the competitors in the space, I mean Nike is slowly melting away, but Reebok seems to be doing well. >> I mean, you know, Jamie and his team, you know, we do a wonderful job of content. You know, we're very careful of the players we select. Uh one of our first selections was Angel Reese. >> Uh you know, my conversation with her was simple. You want to go to a company where there's 50 people or you want to help build this thing with me and you know, get a piece of the action. So, you know, she's with us. Her shoe is is has been sold out. Uh, and you know, we just we just do things that are very very, you know, strategic. You know, for me, it's it's fun trying to reintroduce to the kids. Like, I take it personal when I go to a kid and they say, "Oh, I never heard of Rebu." Well, you know who Allan Iverson is. Oh, I know those. Oh, the AI, those are Reebok. So, you know, trying to re you, you know, trying to reintroduce it to the youth has been fun and challenging. But, you know, uh, like Jamie has said, we're we're doing excellent right now. We've doubled in business and we plan on continuing to grow. >> Shaq, I still remember when the pumps came out. Uh those were they're icon. They are iconic. Not they are iconic. Are you still selling those 100%. We actually just brought them back and we actually just did >> uh a pump watch with Moser 35,000. How did I miss that? Like it it just came out at the at the watch show watch of Switzerland. The Moser watch. You pump it up to actually wind it up. So instead of winding up a watch or shaking your hand, you actually push the pump and it's unbelievable. Um $35,000. So >> Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't >> save your money, but it actually when you you actually buy the watch, >> it comes with a with a pair of pump shoes. >> Uhhuh. How do you both deal with like disagreements? Like how who wins that one? >> We don't have disagreements. We have >> we have we have respectful conversations. Uh, I know who Jamie is and I know he's the expert in this space, but Jamie has always been a great listener and a great teacher. Like, I can come with him with an idea and Jimmy does a great job of breaking down why the idea will work or will not work. And that's good for me. So, you know, I I understand pecking order. You know, to me, he would be my Pat Riley, my Jerry West, my Phil Jackson. So, we don't really have arguments. We have respectable conversations. And, you know, you have to have that. You know, it can't be always be yes or you're right or you're wrong. Like I He's the coach. He's the general manager. He's the president. I respect what he says. He also >> But he's the captain. He's the captain. >> But as I said, what I love from him that every time we have a conversation, it's an educational moment for me. >> What have you learned? You know, so many not too many folks get to deal with founders, especially who who like Jamie, someone has built this business, I mean, into such size over a number of years. What do you what has been those educational moments for you? What have you learned from him? You know, the the best thing I've learned from him is just be a great teammate. He's Kobe Bryant. He has a killer mentality. When he gets the ball, move out of his way and let him do what he does. I don't challenge him. I don't say you're right. I don't say you're wrong. Again, I know who he was when I had the meeting with him cuz I did my due diligence. I I'm I want to talk to the top people who can help me live forever. And he was one of them. So, I already knew who he was. I went in and I fell in love with him because it was him and his four boys. I aspired to do that with my children. So I was like, I really like this guy. And he was talking, he was talking big and I'm gonna do this and I'm gonna do that. And he wasn't being a fan. He was being a father. He was being the businessman. So I've learned so much from him and I'm glad I made the decision. And you know, my my routine has always been if I don't believe in the product of the company, don't do business. When I first met this guy and his family, I believe that because he reminds me so much of my father. He's aggressive. He don't mess around. He wants it and he wants it right now and he wants it done and again I think it was a great decision for me. >> Jamie, how have you prepared your children to eventually steal this I read some story that you were stepping down in tears. I'm like this guy's down. What are you talking about? >> I'm not I'm not stepping down. Listen, he makes them work. Let me tell you something. He He taught me how to be a better father. He makes his kids work from the bottom and I respect it and I love it. And I'm doing the same thing with my children. I told my children this year, a lot of Palooa that you went to last year, that's the last one. >> You see you see your children taking over your enterprises, investments. >> I do. I do. >> I mean, I I've learned a lot from Shaq. Uh >> I got to tell you, you know, little things like he'll say, >> "I'm wealthy, but you're not wealthy. You have to earn your money." Just little little tidbits of advice, right? Don't give your kids everything. You're right, Shaq. And and I I can tell you why I respect him so much and and it's a good little story. And I tell you, we went to the Super Bowl and it was like our honeymoon stage, right? We were just we just started. We just did the deal and like, "Okay, Shaq, we got to go to the Super Bowl. There's lots of stuff. We're going to meet lots of big clients. We're going to figure out lots of big deals and, you know, Michael Rubin is going to help us get into the owner's lounge and that's how we're going to get, you know, you know, but this is way back, you know, it wasn't Fanatics where Fanatics is today. >> And of course, we get there >> and we get to the owner's lounge and they go, "Two." Shaq's like, "What do you mean two? I've got 10 people here behind me." And they said, "No, no, you can only get in with two, you and Jamie." And that's it. And Shaq turned around and he left and he said, "We're not going in there unless I go in there with the other eight people behind me. That's my family behind me. These are people I work with. We're not going in. I go, Shaq, we we got business to do in there. He says, Jamie, they'll come to us. Well, you're going to go park right outside here and you watch. Everyone will come down to us from the owner's lounge. Of course, that lasted about 5 minutes. They came over to us and said, "We'd like you to come to the owner's lounge. Please bring all your friends." >> Stick around. Much more Ask for a Trend I don't know. Time now for what to watch for the week of May 11th. Investors racing for a new era at the Federal Reserve. Kevin Walsh is facing a full Senate confirmation vote after clearing a key committee hurdle, potentially becoming the next Fed chair before Jerome Powell's term officially ends on May 15th. Powell says he's staying on the Fed's board through 2028, even as tensions with the Trump administration continue to swirl around the central bank's independence. We're also getting a key inflation read on Tuesday with April's consumer price index or CPI. Economists forecasting headline CPI to cool compared to March, while core CPI ticks slightly higher on a month-over-month basis, the report providing another key piece of data for the Fed as it navigates the path forward for interest rates. On the earnings front, Cisco announcing quarterly results on Wednesday. Company benefiting from strong demand tied to the AI infrastructure buildout from hyperscalers with analysts anticipating Cisco to raise its AI order outlook toward 5 billion. Sticking with tech earnings, applied materials announcing fiscal second quarter results on Thursday. AIdriven semiconductor demand remains front and center. Analysts expecting strength and advanced chipmaking tools tied to high bandwidth memory and AI chips. That's a wrap on today's show. Thanks for watching.

- Best Solar Stocks in India 2026 | Kaunsi Solar Companies Future Mein Paisa Banayengi?: Kind: captions Language: en You eat toast every morning and on the other side of the world, in a factory in China, solar panels are made using the same process. If you don't understand, let me explain. And if you understand this today, you will know which company in the solar sector in India will actually make money and which one will just trap the retailers in the name of green energy story. So this video is not just about solar. This is about understanding investing. So let's get started. But if you are visiting for the first time then subscribe to the channel and hit the bell icon. So let's say you want to open a bakery chain. So what do you want? First we need wheat. Flour is made from wheat. Dough is made from flour. Dough means kneaded flour. And then a loaf is made from that dough. The loaf is sliced and the slices are used to make sandwiches. And the sandwich packs into a lunch box. That is, wheat, flour, loaf, slices, sandwiches and lunch boxes. Simple. Now remember this because solar panel is made using the same process. Instead of wheat, silicon is a natural element which is found in sand, mountains and rocks. It is very common in the world. Instead of flour, polysilicon is purified at extreme temperatures through a highly controlled process and this creates polysilicon. This is the actual starting point of solar manufacturing. Instead of flour, ignite polysilicon is melted and cast into a solid block. Like putting a loaf of bread. This is called ingot. Wafers instead of slices. The ingots are cut very thin or even thinner than a hair by machine. This is the wafer. Solar panels instead of sandwiches. So chemicals and layers are added to the wafer, treated, and it becomes a unit that can generate electricity from sunlight. This is the complete process of solar panel. And what happened to the lunch box? Solar panel. Many solar cells are joined in a frame and a solar panel is made, lunch box from wheat, solar panel from sand. Now understand the process because this is where the real game starts. Where are the highest margins in a bakery? In bread or in flour? Imagine if you sell wheat, you are just a commodity seller. The price keeps fluctuating. You have no control. But if you make the flour then one step value is added. If you make loaf then more value is added. If you make a sandwich then more value is added. And if you directly pack lunch boxes and supply them to school canteens, then you are on the full value chain. Correct? Same thing happens in solar. Silicon, which comes from sand, is an almost free commodity. The real game is in polysilicon and on the wafer. And herein lies a huge problem that investors ignore. China controls 80 to 90% of poly silicon and wafer production. What does this mean for investors? This means that if you are buying shares of an Indian solar company that only assembles panels, then who controls its margins? In the hands of China. That means only he can decide. So when China makes polysilicon cheaper, the Indian assemblers benefit. When China tightens, its margins decrease. This is the same problem as the bakery. If you are making sandwiches and buying the dough from outside, there is a price taker. You are not a price maker. So will India's solar sector remain just an assembler? No. There is a shift here too. India's Yellow Scheme Production Linked Initiative is specifically targeting this problem. Why? Because the government wants India to do integrated manufacturing. Meaning, from wafer to panel, some companies in India are moving in this direction. Wafer capacity is being set up. Planning for the policy plant is underway. So now what is the signal for the investor that whenever you see a company in the solar sector, the first question you should ask is where is this company in the value chain or does it just assemble the panels ? Margins will remain thin because it is dependent on China. Wafer or cellar manufacturing is slightly better. There is a little more pricing power. If it is integrated, that is, from polysilicon to panels, then these are the companies on which it is wise to bet for the long term. So if everything is fine now, this is the same logic as the bakery that grows its own wheat. She grinds her own flour , makes her own bread, runs her own shop, her margins are her strongest point. Because they have their own margin at every step. And where do we see the same story ? Have to look into solar. Now let me tell you something straight because I want you to be informed and not excited. The solar sector is very promising. India's renewable energy target is very ambitious. The government is supporting. But first of all, if the price of Chinese poly silicon falls, then the cost advantage of integrated Indian manufacturers may be temporary. The global commodity market is unpredictable. Secondly, the day level of many solar companies is high. It is a capital intensive business. Interest rates matter a lot. Thirdly, it takes time to get PLI benefits and policy continuity is not always guaranteed. One can never know when the government's love will start and when will it end. So if someone is telling you to buy solar stock without any guarantee, then he is either naive or dishonest. There is risk in every investment. It is also in solar. I'm saying this because I want you to do your research. Do n't trust what I or anyone else says. So first of all, tell me in the comments which company is doing this work. What did you think and if you are having trouble learning then join our fundamental analysis class where you will be able to learn exactly this. Call 9708094321. Talk to our team or download the app on Android and iOS by the name Mukul Agarwal. Where there are free courses as well as paid courses and you get a lot of news about IPOs. You will get a lot of benefit. So now you understand one thing which investors do not understand. Solar manufacturing is not just one step. This is a complete chain and it matters where you are investing in this chain. Lunch box from wheat, solar panel from sand. Now the next time someone talks to you about solar stocks, first ask where this company is in the chain ? And if this video is useful for you then do one thing, forward it to any of your friends who are new to equity. Because this is basic and the basic should be strong. Subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon and keep showing your love.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bhattaramit [2 likes]: I am unfollowing you as you were telling that you are going to guide the best solar stock but in fact you are asking your audience which is the best solar stock then what is the use of you being the analyst.
  2. @knowledgepoint2823 [2 likes]: Aaj 2 sal bad aapko unfollow kr rha hu,  socha tha aap stock wise case study btaoge mgr nahiiii
  3. @STOXMART05 [1 likes]: Luckily, I am rocking this week in Nifty50 which I already uploaded on my youtube channel (Stoxmart)🤑🤑
  4. @learnwithmukulagrawal: 🧿 open crypto account in coindcx -  https://join.coindcx.com/invite/Y9vPD
🧿Open demat  account in Zerodha - https://bit.ly/ZerodhaAcOpen
  5. @bapinalenka797: Solar badhe ya na badhe ,value chain me ek hi chiz imp. h,jo aap sabko samajh aa gya h.
  6. @7ILOVEMYINDIA7: This was a very good analysis, and you explained it in a very simple way, using examples. Your advice is very helpful.
  7. @santoshMG24: Emmvee photovoltaic
  8. @wealth9655: Incentive nahi china se export ke liye incentive aur back dore chnade ka dhandha hai bahi public ka paisa adhnadhe me ja rha corporate aur BJP milkar chande aur dhandhe ka khail kar rahe hain😢😢😢. Kisna ko koe incentive nahi deti ku kuki ow chnada nahi dete😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
  9. @malawaacademy: Best analysis❤

- Bloomberg Surveillance 5/8/2026: Kind: captions Language: en >> THE ECONOMY IS GROWTH BUT NOT REALLY BETTER. >> THIS IS A LABOR MARKET UNLIKE ONE WE'VE SEEN BEFORE. >> IT'S CHALLENGING TO GET A SENSE OF THE LABOR MARKET. >> THERE IS LITTLE EVIDENCE THE LABOR MARKET IS FALLING APART. >> THE LABOR MARKET IS SOFTER THAN MOST PEOPLE APPRECIATE. ANNOUNCER: THIS IS BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE WITH JONATHAN FERRO, LISA ABRAMOWICZ, AND ANNMARIE HORDERN. JONATHAN: GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING. BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE STARTS RIGHT NOW. END OF FRIDAY FOLLOWING A SERIES OF SKIRMISHES THE WHITE HOUSE PLAYING DOWN A MILITARY CLASH WITH THE IRAN AS THE PRESIDENT'S LATEST 10% TARIFF IS FACING A LEGAL SETBACK. INVESTORS WAITING FOR DATA GEARING UP FOR THE LATEST JOBS REPORT. PAYROLL IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER. LISA: WE ARE POISED FOR THE FIRST BACK TO BACK POSITIVE JOBS NUMBERS THAT WE'VE GOTTEN SINCE MAY OF LAST YEAR. THAT IS HOW VARIED WE'VE SEEN SOME OF THESE NUMBERS COMING IN. WE COULD BE SEEING A PRETTY STRONG REPORT. THE RUB, IS IT GOING TO BE A GOOD THING? THIS HAS BEEN SUPPORTING RISK ASSETS, THAT U.S. MOMENTUM CAN CONTINUE. WHAT IS IT MEAN FOR THE BOND COMPLEX GIVEN THAT WE ARE CREEPING UP AGAINST 5% FOR 30 YEAR YIELDS AND IT CONSTRAINS EFFECTS? JONATHAN: A SLOWDOWN ACROSS A NUMBER OF COMPANIES. SHAKE SHACK GOT HAMMERED. THEIR UNWILLINGNESS TO PASS ON HIGH COSTS IS NOTABLE IN THE LAST 24 HOURS. LISA: THIS CONTRASTS WITH SOME OF THE OTHER CONSUMER-FACING BRANDS THAT HAVE HAD DIFFERENT RESULTS. IS IT AN EXECUTION PROBLEM, AN EXCUSE, OR THE K-SHAPED ECONOMY REARING ITS HEAD? THE COMPANIES THAT CATER MORE TO PEOPLE IN LOWER INCOME BRACKETS ARE NOT ABLE TO PASS ALONG THE COSTS AND ARE SEEING DECLINES IN PURCHASES WHILE THOSE WHO CATER TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE THE WEALTH EFFECT ARE ABLE TO RAISE PRICES. WHEN DOES IT START BLEEDING INTO SOME OF THE AVERAGES? JONATHAN: THE AVERAGES ARE WHERE WE SHOULD FOCUS. YOU WOULD EXPECT THE PAYROLLS REPORT TO CAPTURE THE RESILIENCE OF THE HEADLINE. THE CORPORATE LEVEL TO CAPTURE SOME OF THIS DISPARITY BENEATH THE HEADLINE. UNTIL YOU START TO SEE THOSE PROBLEMS MIGRATE INTO OTHER INCOME GROUPS. LISA: DO WE SEE LOWER WAGE HEALTH CARE-TYPES OF JOBS THAT ARE READY CYCLE INDEPENDENT OR DO WE SEE A BROADENING AS WELL AS A HIGHER WAGES? IT ALSO HAS AN IMPLICATION FOR THE POLITICAL SPHERE AND WHAT TYPES OF REGULATION OR CONSTRAINTS MIGHT BE ON THIS. BRENT AND WTI, NOT A BIG MOVE. HIGHER BY 0.4% OF BRENT CRUDE OF 00 $.50. THINK ABOUT THE WEEK WE'VE HAD. SKIRMISHES ON MONDAY, SKIRMISHES ON THURSDAY, THE SEIZURE OF A TANKER -- THAT HEADLINE CROSSING THE BLOOMBERG MOMENTS AGO -- AND CRUDE ON THE WEEK DOWN 6%, SEVEN PERCENT. ANNMARIE: BECAUSE VERBALLY THE CEASE-FIRE HOLDS WHICH GIVES THE SIGNAL TO THE MARKET THAT THIS ADMINISTRATION ONCE AN OFFRAMP WHEN IT COMES TO THE CONFLICT IN IRAN. WHAT WE HAD OVERNIGHT, U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND, THEY DON'T WANT TO SEE ESCALATION FROM IT, BUT THEY DID FIRE BACK ON IRAN BECAUSE THE COUNTRY, IRAN, FIRED ON THREE NAVY DESTROYERS. THE PRESIDENT CALLED IT A TRY AND TOLD ABC NEWS IT IS A LOVE TAP. A REMINDER THAT IF YOU HIT US WE WILL HIT YOU BACK. AT THE MOMENT THEY WANT TO KEEP THE CEASE-FIRE IN PLACE. DO YOU WANT TO TRANSLATE WHAT A LOVE TAP IS? LISA: THAT IS NOT MY LOVE LANGUAGE. I DON'T REALLY LIKE MISSILES. I DON'T THINK YOU ARE ALONE. THE S&P 500 IS POSITED BY 0.4 PERCENT. COMING UP, EQUITIES BOUNCING BACK. THE ATLANTIC COUNCIL FOLLOWING FRESH STRIKES BETWEEN THE U.S. AND IRAN. STEPHANIE ROTH OF WOLF RESEARCH LOOKING AHEAD TO THE PAYROLLS WE BEGIN WITH STOCKS HEADING FOR SIX WEEKS O GAINS. "THIS IS A MARKET THAT A SHORT-TERM OVERBOUGHT, BUT WE VIEW THAT MORE OF A FEATURE THAN A BUG, CONSOLIDATION SHOULD STILL BE BOUGHT." IT IS GOOD TO SEE YOU. I CAN'T THINK OF A TIME WHEN WE HAVE HEARD THE COMPARISONS TO 1999 AS MUCH AS THIS WEEK. HOW MANY PEOPLE HAVE SAID, CHRIS, IS IT 1999? IS THIS THAT -- IS IT THE DOT COM BUBBLE? CHRIS: I GET IT WHEN YOU LOOK AT THESE COMPARISONS, ESPECIALLY IN THE CHIP SPACE. THE SEMI'S ARE UP 150% OF THE LAST 12 MONTHS. THAT WOULD BE A RECORD WERE IT NOT FOR 1999 WHEN THEY WERE UP 250% OVER 12 MONTHS. YOU'RE KIND OF IN THAT STRATOSPHERE WHERE YOU DON'T KNOW THE HOUR OR THE MOMENT BUT IF WE ARE HERE A YEAR FROM NOW WE ARE HAVING A DIFFERENT CONVERSATION. SIX WEEKS FROM NOW, I DON'T KNOW IF WE ARE HAVING A DIFFERENT CONVERSATION YET IF THE DIFFICULTY WITH THESE PARABOLIC TYPE MOVES WON'T CORRECT QUIETLY, THEY WILL CORRECT VIOLENTLY. WHEN THAT COMES IS ANYONE'S GUESS. I WOULD BE LOOKING OVER MY SHOULDER A LITTLE BIT ON THE SEMI STUFF. WHEN I LOOK AT THE BROADER, WHAT IS UNAPPRECIATED'S CREDIT CONDITIONS ARE STILL PRETTY BENIGN. WE TALKED ABOUT LOWER OIL THIS WEEK ON WHAT FELT LIKE SOME PRETTY NASTY HEADLINES. I THINK THE MARKET IS GENERALLY OK. JONATHAN: THE OIL MOVE, 7% IS THE MOVING TARGET, ONE MORE DAY TO GO. 10-YEAR YIELDS IN THE FACE OF THAT HAVE STAYED PRETTY LEVEL, ELEVATED THROUGH THE WEEK. WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU AT THE MOMENT? CHRIS: THE TWO YEAR YIELD IS THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF THE CALL GOING FORWARD. 2'S ARE 15 TO 20 DIPS ABOVE FEDERAL FUNDS, THE FIRST TIME WE'VE BEEN ABOVE FED FUNDS ON THE MARKET RATE SINCE THE MIDDLE OF 2021. IF WE ARE THINKING ABOUT, WHAT DOES A KEVIN WARSH FED INHERIT OVER THE NEXT NUMBER OF WEEKS, AN ENVIRONMENT THAT IS FRANKLY NOT TOO ENVIABLE. YOU HAVE THE MARKET RATE ABOVE THE POLICY RATE RIGHT NOW. I DON'T THINK TOO YEAR YIELDS ARE GOING TO GET AWAY FROM US, BUT I CAN SEE MAYBE 4.25 WOULD BE THE UPPER END OF THE LINE. I THINK IF YOU ARE LOOKING, WHAT COULD BE THE TEST OF THE NEW KEVIN WARSH FED, THE FIRST SIX MONTHS, NEW FED CHAIRS TEND TO BE TESTED. IT IS TWO YEAR YIELDS GETTING AWAY FROM THE POLICY RATE. COMMODITIES CONTINUING TO GO. IT'S ALL OF THE THINGS. YOU KNOW, WE WILL SEE WITH LABOR TODAY, BUT PERHAPS WEAK JOBS. THAT IS A VERY TRICKY COMBINATION FOR A NEW FED CHAIR. I LIKE THE PEER THE IDEA OF THE INCREDIBLE RALLY IN TECH AND THE RESILIENCE IN THE ECONOMY. HOW MUCH IS THE RALLY IN BIG TECH TO THE CONCENTRATION OF SOME OF THE GAINS MASKING SOME OF THE WEAKNESS ELSEWHERE, VERSUS SUPPORTING STRENGTH? WHICH SIDE OF THE EQUATION DOES IT FALL IN? CHRIS: IF YOU ARE EXPECTING OR ANTICIPATING THAT THE CONSUMER, FOR EXAMPLE, WILL SUDDENLY TAKE UP THE BATON OF THIS ECONOMIC BOOM AND BE THE NEXT STORY, I THINK YOU WILL BE UNDERWHELMED. THIS HAS NOT BEEN A CONSUMER CYCLE. IT HASN'T BEEN A CONSUMER CYCLE SINCE COVID. CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY HASN'T HAD A NEW RELATIVE HIGH VERSUS THE S&P SINCE 2021. THIS HAS BEEN A CAPEX PRODUCTION CYCLE NOT A CONSUMER ONE. I THINK THE MISTAKE WOULD BE LOOKING AT THE SHAKE SHACK RESULTS FROM LAST NIGHT OR -- NEW RELATIVE LOWS, ACTUALLY, VERSUS THE S&P YESTERDAY. THE MISTAKE WOULD BE THAT IS A WARNING SIGN ABOUT THE ECONOMY. THAT HAS BEEN A CONSTANT FOR FIVE YEARS NOW. THIS IS A PRODUCTION, CAPEX, INDUSTRIAL-DRIVEN CYCLE NOT A CONSUMER ONE. LISA: IS THERE ANYTHING IN TODAY'S JOBS REPORT THAT COULD CHANGE HER MIND, THAT WE ARE ON THE BRINK OF SEEING A RE-ACCELERATION IN THE CONSUMER SECTOR? CHRIS: PRETENDING THE LABOR PICTURE IS TERRIBLE HERE. WHAT WERE CLAIMS? I CAN THINK LAST YEAR WAS 185 -- LAST WEEK WAS 185 THOUSAND. YOUR MAGAZINE THIS WEEK, A STORY WAS JOBLESS -- EDUCATED AND JOBLESS. THE PICTURE OF ALL THE YOUNG KIDS. THE YOUTH UNEMPLOYMENT RATE, 20-24-YEAR-OLD WENT FROM 9% TO 6%. THE DATA DOESN'T SUPPORT THE NARRATIVE THAT IS OUT THERE. SOFTWARE JOB OPENINGS ARE UP, NOT DOWN. I THINK WE HAVE TO DO A LITTLE DIGGING AND SAY, DOES THE NARRATIVE GET SUPPORTED BY THE DATA. I THINK THE DATA IS MORE RESILIENT THAN PEOPLE WOULD EXPECT, ESPECIALLY ON THE LABOR FRONT. ANNMARIE: YOU TALK ABOUT DATA LIKE THIS, WHERE DOES THIS LEAVE KEVIN WARSH WHEN HE ENTERS THE ROOM? CHRIS: IT SEEMS THERE IS SOME AVENUE TO HOLD. I THINK HOLD IS ACCEPTABLE HERE. ANNMARIE: ACCEPTABLE TO WHO? WHEN YOU LOOK AT REMARKS FROM THE TREASURY, THERE IS AN AVENUE, ROOM OR COVER TO BE ON HOLD FOR THE NEXT COUPLE OF MONTHS. I THINK THE REAL KEY IS WHEN WE THINK ABOUT WHERE 2'S ARE VERSUS THE POLICY RATE. WE DON'T WANT TO GET INTO THIS MID-20, 2021 WHEN YOU HAD 2'S GAPPING AWAY FROM FED FUNDS. THAT IS WAIT A SECOND, SOMETHING CHANGED IN A BIG WAY. PUT THIS IN CONTEXT OF GOLD FOR A MOMENT. FOR THREE OR FOUR YEARS WE HEAR ALL OF THESE ELEGANT REASONS WHY GOLD IS UP. DE-DOLLARIZATION, GEOPOLITICAL HEDGE, ALL OF THE CENTRAL BANK BUYING, MAYBE IT WAS AS SIMPLE AS TWO-YEAR YIELDS WERE FALLING FOR THREE YEARS. NOW THE TWO-YEAR YIELDS HAVE STOPPED FALLING, GOLD HAS BEEN COMPLETELY INDIFFERENT. I THINK IN THIS BUSINESS WE ALWAYS STRIVE FOR THIS VERY INTELLECTUAL NARRATIVE WHEN IT IS AS SIMPLE AS WHAT ARE SHORT RATES ARE DOING? THEY WERE FALLING, GOLD WENT UP. THEY STOPPED, GOLD SEEMS TO BE STRUGGLING. JONATHAN: AMAZING, WE HAD A LONG CONVERSATION ABOUT FINANCIAL MARKETS THAT HAVE NOT TALKED ABOUT IRAN. IS THAT THE SAME AS YOUR CONVERSATIONS ON THE ROAD AT THE MOMENT? CHRIS: THE LAST TIME WE WERE HERE WE WERE TALKING ABOUT THE LESS YOU KNOW, RIGHT? LISA: I LOVE THAT. I EMBRACE THAT AT HOME. MY KIDS DO TOO RIGHT NOW. CHRIS: I GO BACK TO FEBRUARY 27, THE NIGHT BEFORE THE BOMBS STARTED FLYING. IF YOU KNEW WHAT THE HEADLINES ARE GOING TO BE OVER THE NEXT 12 WEEKS, I THINK YOU WOULD BE BEWILDERED OVER WHERE THE MARKET IS. I THINK IN. LIKE THIS YOU WANT TO BE ON GUARD FOR WHAT IS DEFYING YOUR INTUITION OR ACTING DIFFERENT THAN YOU WOULD EXPECT. DEFENSE STOCKS HAVE BEEN AWFUL. RHEINMETALL IN GERMANY BREAKING DOWN. IS SEVERAL STEPS AHEAD. I WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT I HAVE AN IMAGINATION TO CONSIDER, WHAT IS THE MARKET TELLING US, AS UNFATHOMABLE AS IT MAY SOUND. IT IS THE MIDDLE EAST CONFLICT A MESSAGE THAT WE ARE MOVING PAST A LOT OF THE GEOPOLITICAL DYNAMICS THAT HAVE DOMINATED THE LAST FOUR OR FIVE YEARS? THAT SEEMS IMPROBABLE, BUT I KNOW IMPROBABLE STUFF HAPPENS IN THIS BUSINESS ALL THE TIME. LOOK AT THE PRICE OF EXXON, A -- NOT A PERFECT TELL. LISA: TALKING ABOUT THEIR DIMENSIONAL OR 10 DIMENSIONAL CHATS IN TERMS OF THE MARKETS WITH PEOPLE GAMING OUT THE IDEA THAT THEY ARE PROBABLY NOT GOING TO INVEST, THEY WILL HAVE DAMAGES, BE CONSTRAINED, OR INVESTORS ARE PUSHING BACK ON EXTRA CAPEX. THEY HAVE BEEN REWARDED FOR REDUCING. ALL OF THESE THINGS IN TERMS OF THREE DIMENSIONALITY. CHRIS: OR MAYBE WE LEARNED THE STRAIT ISN'T AS IMPORTANT AS EVERYONE THOUGHT. ONE OF THE MOST REMARKABLE THINGS IN THIS WAR, WE WERE TOLD JAPANESE EQUITIES CANNOT WORK IN THIS ENVIRONMENT. THEY ARE SO DEPENDENT ON MIDDLE EAST OIL, BIG ENERGY SHOCK AND JAPAN. THE NIKKEI IS UP 25% OFF THE LOWS. IT HAS BEEN, WITHOUT QUESTION, AMONG THE MORE REMARKABLE STORIES OVER THE LAST EIGHT TO 12 WEEKS. JONATHAN: THANK YOU FOR BREAKING IT DOWN. THE NUMBER DROPS 8:30 EASTERN TIME. THE ESTIMATE IN OUR SURVEY IS 65K. LET'S GET AN UPDATE ON STORIES WORLDWIDE. WITH YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF. YAHAIRA: TENSIONS ESCALATING BETWEEN THE U.S. AND IRAN. THE U.S. ATTACKING MILITARY ASSETS. IT SAYS WERE USED TO ATTACK ITS WARSHIPS IN THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ. PRESIDENT TRUMP THREATENING TO HIT IRAN EVEN HARDER IF A PEACE DEAL IS NOT REACHED. A FEDERAL TRADE COURT DECLARING PRESIDENT TRUMP'S 10% GLOBAL TARIFFS UNLAWFUL. THE PANEL GRANTING A REQUEST BY A GROUP OF SMALL BUSINESSES IN SOME STATES TO VACATE THE LEVEES. IT COMES MONTHS AFTER THE SUPREME COURT STRUCK DOWN TRUMP'S OTHER TARIFFS UNDER EMERGENCY POWERS. THIS TIME THE COURT FOUND THAT THE ADMINISTRATION MISUSED A DIFFERENT TRADE LAW. GIVING THE EU UNTIL JULY 4 TO RATIFY ITS TRADE AGREEMENT WITH THE U.S. WASHINGTON PREVIOUSLY THREATENED TO HIKE TO TARIFFS ON AUTO IMPORTS THIS WEEK IF IT FAILED TO MAKE A DEAL. JONATHAN: MORE FROM YAHAIRA LATER THIS HOUR. FIGHTING FOR PEACE. PRES. TRUMP: THEY TRIFLED WITH US TODAY. WE BLEW THEM AWAY. IF THERE IS NO CEASE-FIRE YOU'RE NOT GOING TO HAVE TO KNOW, YOU'RE JUST GOING TO HAVE TO LOOK AT ONE BIG GLOW COMING OUT OF IRAN. THEY BETTER SIGN THEIR AGREEMENT FAST. COMING OUT OF IRAN. AGREEMENT FAST. JONATHAN: FROM NEW YORK CITY THIS MORNING, GOOD MORNING. THE JOBS REPORT JUST AROUND THE CORNER. HERE ARE THE GASES FROM THE BIG BANKS. THE MEDIAN IS 65K, THE THREE-MONTH AVERAGE IS SHORT OF 70K. LOOKING FOR THINGS TO STABILIZE THIS MORNING ALLOWING THE FEDERAL RESERVE TO FOCUS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MANDATE AND IT SEEMS THIS FEDERAL RESERVE IS A LOT MORE FOCUSED ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MANDATE RIGHT NOW. ANNMARIE: WE HEARD FROM SUSAN COLLINS SAYING SHE AGREED WITH THE HAWKISH DISSENTERS, BETH HAMMACK SAYING INTEREST RATES ARE GOING TO BE ON HOLD FOR QUITE A WHILE. MINNEAPOLIS PRESIDENT NEEL KASHKARI HAS BEEN RELATIVELY HAWKISH THROUGHOUT THIS, SAYING IF THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ IS CLOSED FOR AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME, IT MAY BE THAT THE NEXT MOVE MAY NEED TO BE UP IN INTEREST RATES. JONATHAN: HE'S NO LONGER RUNNING FOR FED CHAIR, IS THAT THE TAKE? LISA: THAT STRAIT HAS CLOSED. FUTURES ON THE S&P 500, BRUTAL STUFF. IN THE BOND MARKET, TO YEAR YIELDS HAVE STAYED ELEVATED THROUGH THIS WEEK. WE ARE DOWN TWO BASIS POINTS. YES, WE ARE OFF THE HIGHS, BUT STILL ABOVE THE POLICY RATE, THE FEDERAL RESERVE, EVEN WITH THIS MOVE IN CRUDE, DOWN BY SOME 7% ON THE WEEK SO FAR. CREW DID NOT MAKING A BIG MOVE THIS MORNING EITHER. ANNMARIE: FED FUND FUTURES INCREASINGLY PRICING IN THE LIKELIHOOD OF EGG. STEPHANIE ROTH SET ABOUT HALF THE MOVE IS ATTRIBUTED TO THE MOVE IN CRUDE, AFTER THAT IS THE UNDERLYING STRIKE IN THE COMING. THERE ARE TWO ASPECTS TO THE RISE IN YIELDS WE HAVE SEEN AND WE MIGHT GET ANOTHER READ ON THAT LATER THIS MORNING. LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT EXCHANGE WITH HER. UNDER SURVEILLANCE THIS MORNING, FIGHTING FOR PEACE. WE BLEW THEM AWAY. THEY TRIFLED. I CALL THAT A TRIFLE. I WILL LET YOU KNOW WHEN THERE IS NO CEASE-FIRE. YOU WON'T HAVE TO NOTE. IF THERE IS NO CEASE-FIRE, YOU WON'T HAVE TO NO, YOU ARE JUST GOING TO HAVE TO LOOK AT ONE BIG GLOW COMING OUT OF IRAN. THEY ARE GOING TO HAVE TO SIGN THE UREMIC FAST. JONATHAN: THE U.S. AND IRAN TRADING FRESH STRIKES IN THE GULF WITH TRUMP RAMPING UP PRESSURE ON IRAN TO AGREE TO A DEAL TO END THE WAR. >> PRESIDENT TRUMP SAYS THE CEASE-FIRE IS STILL FULLY IN PLACE, AT LEAST AS OF NOW, EVEN AS HERE AND THERE'S THREATS TO RESUME MILITARY OPERATIONS IF IRAN DOES NOT COME TO THE TABLE. THIS LATEST FLARE UP IN FIGHTING WE SAW YESTERDAY WAS CENTERED ON THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ, AS A RAINY AND STRAIGHT METER CONFIRMS THE COUNTRY'S MILITARY DID TARGET THREE U.S. NAVY DESTROYERS PARTLY IN A BID FOR RETALIATION FOR THE U.S. DISABLING AN IRANIAN FLAGGED OIL TANKER EARLIER THIS WEEK IN RESPONSE TO THE U.S. TARGETING IRANIAN ASSETS. SATCOM CONFIRMED NO U.S. ASSETS ENDED UP BEING HIT BY IRAN DURING THIS CLASS BUT IT UNDERSCORES HOW IRAN IS TRYING TO TIGHTEN ITS GRIP OVER THE WATERWAY AS NEW HEADLINES CROSSED THE TERMINAL AHEAD OF THE START OF THIS PROGRAM THAT IRAN HAS SEIZED ANOTHER OIL TANKER IN THE STRAIT, ACCORDING TO THE IRANIAN STATE TV. ALL OF THIS THREATENING TO DERAIL ANY POTENTIAL PROGRESS WHEN IT COMES TO TALKS, AS BLOOMBERG NEWS REPORTS THE WHITE HOUSE COULD POTENTIALLY SEE A RESPONSE FROM IRAN AS SOON AS TODAY TO THAT LATEST PROPOSAL, THAT ONE PAGE MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING THAT MAY SEE A GRADUAL REOPENING OF THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ WITH THE U.S. LIFTING ITS NAVAL BLOCKADE. IT APPEARS THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS MAKING PREPARATIONS TO RESUME ITS MISSION TO GUIDE VESSELS THROUGH THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ WITH OR WITHOUT A DEAL. PRESIDENT TRUMP IS STILL TRYING TO STRIKE THAT OPTIMISTIC TONE. HE TOLD REPORTERS YESTERDAY A DEAL COULD HAPPEN ANY DAY NOW AS WE KNOW HE IS FEELING THE PRESSURE TO TRY TO GET SOME AGREEMENT DONE BEFORE GOING TO CHINA NEXT WEEK. OUR ANALYSTS SAY THE FACT THAT HE IS STILL PLANNING TO GO OVERSEAS LOWERS THE RISK WE WOULD SEE AN UPTICK IN FIGHTING HE IS ABROAD. JONATHAN: LET'S EXTEND THE CONVERSATION. AHMED HELAL OF THE ASIA GROUP REWRITING BOTH COUNTRIES WANT TO AVOID A RETURN TO WAR'S SO THE STATE OF, LIMBO IN HORMUZ CAN JUST RAMBLE ON FOR MONTHS. GUY JOHNSON SAID THIS IN LONDON, THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN INTENSITY AND PERSISTENCY. LOOKS LIKE THE ADMINISTRATION IS FOCUSED ON DIALING DOWN THE INTENSITY. WHEN DOES PERSISTENCE BECOME THE BIGGER ISSUE? >> IT'S NOT ABOUT DURATION. IT'S ABOUT A WAR OF WILLS AND WHO'S GOING TO BLINK FIRST. BOTH COUNTRIES HAVE A BLOCKADE ON HORMUZ, BUT THE DIFFERENCE IS THAT THE U.S. DOES NOT HAVE A STRATEGY. IT DOES NOT HAVE A POLITICAL OBJECTIVE. IRAN HAS A VERY CLEAR STRATEGY, HAS EXTREME CLARITY ON WHAT IT IS TRYING TO DO. IT TRIUMPHS BY SURVIVING. WENT INTO THIS WAR TO ENSURE THAT IRAN DOES NOT HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON. AT ONE POINT, IT WAS REGIME CHANGE BUT THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS THAT THE U.S. IS EAGER TO WALK AWAY, TO FIND AN OFFRAMP BECAUSE AS MANY THEATERS IT HAS TO WORRY ABOUT. PRESIDENT IS GOING TO CHINA IN LESS THAN ONE WEEK. THERE IS EUROPE, AND RUSSIA UKRAINE. IT IS A SUPERPOWER WITH MANY DISTRACTIONS AROUND THE WORLD WHERE AS IRAN IS A ONE ISSUE COUNTRY RIGHT NOW CONCERNED ONLY WITH THE SURVIVAL OF THE REGIME, THE SURVIVAL OF THE IRANIAN STATE, AND ENSURING IT AS A PATH TO REOPENING THE HORMUZ STRAIT EVENTUALLY BUT NOT WITHOUT SEATING LEVERAGE TO THE UNITED STATES. LISA: IRAN ALSO WANTS TO MAKE SURE THEY CAN GET THEIR OIL OUT. . THE ECONOMY IS IN A DIRE STRAIGHT RIGHT NOW. AT THAT POINT, DO YOU SEE THEM TO BE WILLING TO POTENTIALLY ALLOW SOME FLOWS TO GO THROUGH THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ. HOW LONG WOULD IT TAKE? HOW LONG COULD THEY HANG ON TO WHERE THINGS ARE RIGHT NOW? AHMED: THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS THEY HAVE BEEN ABLE TO THROUGH THEIR SHADOW FLEETS AND SLIPPING THROUGH THE U.S. LINE, THE U.S. BLOCKADE. OBVIOUSLY, THEIR SHIPMENTS OUTSIDE OF THE STRAIT HAVE FALLEN INTO A TRICKLES OF REVENUES HAVE FALLEN SIGNIFICANTLY BUT THEY HAVE PREPARED FOR THIS POINT. IN TERMS OF ESSENTIALS AND BEING ABLE TO SUPPLY THE POPULATION WITH FOOD AND MEDICINE AND DRAWING DOWN RESERVES, THEY HAVE BEEN ABLE TO DO THAT. THEY HAVE BEEN STOCKPILING. . PRIOR TO THIS WAR, WHEN THEY SAW THE ASSETS OF THE U.S. CONVENING ON THIS THEATER, THEY WERE STOCKPILING AND PREPARING FOR THIS MOMENT. DON'T FORGET THEY HAVE BEEN UNDER SANCTIONS FOR A VERY LONG TIME AND THEY HAVE TIME, BECAUSE IRAN IS GOING NOWHERE. IRAN CAN AFFORD TO HAVE STRATEGIC PATIENTS. IT IS A PERMANENT PART OF THE GEOGRAPHY OF THE REGION, IT HAS BEEN THERE FOREVER, AND IT IS NOT GOING TO DISAPPEAR ANYTIME SOON, WHERE THE U.S. DOES NEED TO RETREAT FROM THIS BECAUSE IT IS COSTING TAXPAYERS $25 BILLION AND COUNTING. LISA: WHEN IT COMES TO IRAN'S WILLINGNESS TO HANG ONTO THIS, AT SOME POINT WILL THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY'S PRESSURE BE ENOUGH TO POTENTIALLY LIFT SOME OF THIS? AHMED: I THINK CHINA CAN BRING SOME PRESSURE TO BEAR. THE ARAB STATES CERTAINLY DO NOT HAVE ANY LEVERAGE OVER IRAN. IT IS VERY HARD TO SEE THEM SEATING LEVERAGE OVER THE STRAIT WITHOUT SOME SERIOUS CONCESSIONS INCLUDING A PACT FOR NONAGGRESSION IN THE FUTURE. THIS FOR THEM IS A NUCLEAR WEAPON WITHOUT ACQUIRING A THIS IS ACTUALLY MORE POTENT THAN A NUCLEAR WEAPON. YOU CANNOT REALLY USE A NUCLEAR WEAPON WHEREAS YOU CAN USE THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ QUITE INEXPENSIVELY TO BRING THE ARAB STATES TO A PHYSICAL HALT AND BRING THE GLOBAL ECONOMY AS A HOSTAGE TO IRAN. I DON'T REALLY SEE THEM CEDEING THIS LEVERAGE ANYTIME SOON. CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHAT HAPPENED WITH SAUDI ARABIA AND THE UNITED STATES OF HER PROJECT FREEDOM? THAT WAS PART OF THE REASON WHY THAT WAS PUT ON HOLD AND THERE'S BEEN SOME DISAGREEMENT ABOUT USING AIRSPACE. WHAT IS THE MAIN OBJECTION FROM SAUDI ARABIA? AHMED: FEAR OF RETALIATION. THERE WERE A RARITY LIKE THE UAE. THEY WILL WANT TO HAVE AIRSPACE USED TO CONFRONT IRAN AND TO FIGHT THE VESSELS ATTACKING, VESSELS TRYING TO TRANSIT THE STRAIT. THE SAUDI'S SAID NO AND TRUMP DID A REMARKABLE YOU TURN AFTER 36 HOURS OR SOMETHING, WHICH IS A FUNCTION OF ERRATIC U.S. POLICYMAKING FROM THE OUTSET BECAUSE THEY SIMPLY DO NOT HAVE A POLITICAL STRATEGY. TRUMP IS REALLY STRUGGLING TO FIND A DIGNIFIED WAY TO EXIT THIS THEATER. JONATHAN: APPRECIATE YOUR TAKE AND PERSPECTIVE. ON THE SITUATION IN THE MIDDLE EAST. IMPRESSIVE THING ABOUT THIS WEEK, THE HEADLINES SO FAR, THE CEASE-FIRE HAS HELD. THAT THEY ARE COMMITTED TO THIS SO-CALLED CEASE-FIRE, DESPITE THE SKIRMISH WE HAVE SEEN THIS WEEK, NOT ONCE BUT TWICE, AND THE SEIZURE OF A TANKER IN THE LAST 30 MINUTES. ANNMARIE: CEASE-FIRE IS VERY GOOD BRANDING. MAYBE WE SHOULD REBRAND THIS AS NOT ESCALATION, NOT MEANINGFUL ESCALATION. YOU ARE CORRECT. THAT IS THE SIGNAL THAT MARKETS ARE TAKING, THAT BOTH SIDES ARE NOT LOOKING FOR REASONS TO ESCALATE, IN FACT, THEY ARE LOOKING FOR OUR FRIENDS. THEY HAVE HAD PLENTY OF OPPORTUNITIES TO RESUME HOSTILITIES AND THEY HAVE NOT TAKEN THOSE OPPORTUNITIES AND THAT IS WHAT THE MARKET AT THE MOMENT IS COMMITTED AT THE MOMENT THAT WE ARE ON THIS PATH TO THE ESCALATION. LISA: WHICH IS THE REASON YOU ARE SEEING OIL PRICES WHERE THEY ARE. JONATHAN: FUTURES UP 0.5% ON THE S&P. WE WILL CATCH UP WITH ELLEN WALD OF THE ATLANTIC COUNCIL. CLOUDFLARE CUTTING JOBS ON A NEW BET ON A HIKE. THE STOCK MARKET NOW -- ON AI. THE STOCK MARKET NOW, LOOK AT THIS, DOWN 17% IN PREMARKET. THESE ARE YOUR SCORES THIS MORNING. BOUNCING BACK 0.5 ON S&P. NASDAQ UP 0.6% TO 0.7% HIGHER. THE RUSSELL PUSHING HIGHER BY 0.4%. ON COURSE FOR A SIXTH CONSECUTIVE WEEKLY GAIN ON THAT S&P AND NASDAQ, THE LONGEST WEEKLY WINNING STREAK GOING BACK TO OCTOBER 2024. SUPPORTED BY THIS AS WELL, THIS MOVE IN CRUDE, DOWN BY AROUND 7%. CRUDE, BRENT AND WTI, BRENT CRUDE AROUND 00 A BARREL, WTI AROUND 94 BARRELS A BARREL -- $94 A BARREL. WE HAVEN'T ADVANCED IN THE WAY YOU WOULD EXPECT GIVEN THE SKIRMISHES WE HAVE SEEN ON THE GROUND IN THE MIDDLE EAST. THAT HASN'T BLENDED AND FOLDED INTO THIS MOVE IN THE BOND MARKET. THE TWO YEAR YIELD STAYED ELEVATED. 2'S DOWN TO BASIS POINTS, AT 3.8929, ABOVE THE POLICY RATE OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE GET A LOT OF PUSHBACK FROM THE FED ABOUT THE EASING BIAS. AND MORE COMPANY THAN MAYBE WE THOUGHT THAN JUST THE THREE DISSENTERS. LISA: THAT WAS EVIDENCED BY THE BOSTON FED PRESIDENT IS SAYING THAT, IF YOU WERE NOT A VOTER, SHE WOULD -- IF SHE WERE NOT A VOTER, SHE WOULD HAVE AGREED TO CARE THE QUESTION IS WHY THE FED IS TREATING THIS SO DIFFERENTLY THAN THE TARIFF PRICE SHOCK. THIS IS BECAUSE THE STRENGTH IN THE UNDERLYING ECONOMY IS ALLOWING SOME INFLATION TO PUSH THROUGH THE ECONOMY. JONATHAN: THREE HOURS AWAY FROM THE OPENING BELL. LET'S GET MORNING MOVERS. YAHAIRA HAS MORE. YAHAIRA: THIS IS THE FIRST EARNINGS REPORT FROM BLOCK SINCE THEY ANNOUNCED AI-DRIVEN JOB CUTS. IT APPEARS THEY ARE PAYING OFF. SHARES UP 6.7% AFTER THE COMPANY DELIVERED A BEAT AND RAISE, WITH BLOCK SAYING AI IS HELPING IT CUT COSTS, SPEED UP SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, AND IMPROVE PAYMENT APPS. ANOTHER COMPANY ALSO ANNOUNCING A I-DRIVEN JOB CUTS ON THIS JOBS DAY, THAT IS CLOUDFLARE, SAYING IT IS SLASHING ABOUT 20% OF ITS WORKFORCE. UNLIKE BLOCK, THE MARKET IS HAVING A DIFFERENT REACTION. SHARES FALLING 17.8% AS INVESTORS APPEAR MORE FOCUSED ON THE SLOWING GROWTH STORY AFTER ITS REVENUE SLIGHTLY MISSED, RAISING QUESTIONS WHETHER AI IS REALLY THE DRIVER HERE. THE CEO DID MENTION A FEW NEW ASSUMPTIONS SHE IS -- A FEW NEW EFFICIENCIES. COREWEAVE DOWN AFTER THE NEO-CLOUD DISAPPOINTED -- DELIVERED A DISAPPOINTING FORECAST. INVESTORS APPEAR CONCERNED COSTS ARE PILING UP FASTER THAN PAY OFF. JONATHAN: ON OUR RADAR THIS MORNING, PRESIDENT TRUMP SAYING THE TRUCE WITH IRAN IS STILL IN PLACE AFTER THE TWO NATIONS EXCHANGED FIRE NEAR THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ. THE WHITE HOUSE AWAITING TEHRAN'S RESPONSE TO REOPEN THE AND A TRADE COURT RULING THE PRESIDENT'S 10% TARIFF ILLEGAL. IT IS NOT YET CLEAR WHAT THE DECISION NEEDS FOR IMPORTERS ALREADY PAYING THE LEVEES. AND SOFTBANK SCALING BACK PLANS FOR A 0 BILLION MARGIN LOAN BACKED BY ITS OPENAI STAKE. THE COMPANY COULD REVISE THE TARGET TO AS LOW AS $6 BILLION, THE MOVE AFTER SOME HESITATION FROM CREDITORS. LISA: THIS INDICATES THERE IS SOME SPECULATION ABOUT WHAT OPENAI'S ACTUAL VALUATION IS. AS THEY HEAD TOWARDS THAT IPO AND DEAL WITH SETBACKS, ESPECIALLY TIED WITH LOSING SHARE TO GEMINI AND ANTHROPIC'S CLAUDE, A QUESTION ABOUT THE VALUATION IS AND WHETHER IT HAS BEEN OVERLY ELEVATED. THIS INDICATES CREDITORS ARE PUSHING BACK ON THE VALUATION THAT SOFTBANK ASSIGNED TO IT. THIS WILL BE A PROBLEM FOR THE LIKES OF SOFTEN, WHICH ARE MORE HEAVILY INVESTED IN SOME OF THESE NAMES -- OF SOFTBANK, WHICH ALREADY MORE HEAVILY INVESTED IN SOME OF THESE NAMES, AND ALSO RAISES QUESTIONS ABOUT WHERE THE IPO WILL GO. ANNMARIE: AND FOR SOME OF IT HYPE BEFORE THIS IPO? YOU WILL SEE MORE POTENTIAL HEADLINES LIKE THIS. JONATHAN: THE ANTHROPIC EFFECT, THAT MAYBE THERE IS A WINNER TAKES ALL MENTALITY. LISA: CERTAINLY THE TIDES HAVE TURNED AGAINST OPENAI IN THE RHETORIC, AND WHAT ELON MUSK WAS SAYING, THROWING SHADE AT SAM ALTMAN, SAYING AT LEAST I DID NOT FEEL EVIL. NONETHELESS, THERE IS SOME CONCERN THERE WERE NOT GETTING THE SAME BOOKINGS THEY WERE BEFORE, EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE SAYING THEIR BOOKINGS ARE SKYHIGH. THE LACK OF CLARITY HAS BEEN ONE FEATURE OF THIS MARKET THIS YEAR. THE MORE OPACITY THERE IS, THE MORE SKEPTICISM IN THE MARKETS, THE MORE ANY RUMOR CAN LEAD TO OUTSIZED MOVES. WE SAW THIS WITH SOME PRIVATE COMPANIES. JONATHAN: THE LESS YOU KNOW. THAT IS PROBABLY PROBLEMATIC FOR THIS INDUSTRY. JONATHAN: IT MIGHT APPLY IT. LET'S TALK ABOUT CRUDE, CLIMBING. ELLEN WALD OF THE ATLANTIC COUNCIL SAYING THE MARKET IS GOING ON HEADLINES AND NOT ON THE SITUATION ON THE GROUND. CRUDE PRICES SHOULD BE HIGHER, ESPECIALLY GIVEN HOW FAST STOCKS ARE BEING DEPLETED. ELLEN, CAN YOU BUILD ON THAT AND BE MORE SPECIFIC? ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT PHYSICAL MARKETS OR THE PAPER MARKET? ELLEN: I AM TALKING ABOUT THE PAPER MARKET SHOULD BE HIGHER, GIVEN THE INCREDIBLE RATE AT WHICH WE HAVE SEEN INCREDIBLE, BIG DRAWS FROM U.S. STOCKS, AND OTHER COUNTRIES ARE ALSO DEPLETING THEIR STOCKS OF OIL. WE ARE CONTINUING TO PRODUCE MORE OIL, SO IT IS NOT LIKE AMERICANS SHOULD SUDDENLY GET UP IN ARMS AND SUDDENLY THINK WE WILL RUSH INTO AN OIL SHORTAGE. BUT THIS IS A SITUATION IN WHICH WE ARE DEPLETING WHAT WE HAVE STORED, SO PRETTY SOON, THINGS SHOULD BECOME MORE EXPENSIVE. YET WHAT WE ARE SEEING IN THE PAPER MARKETS IS THAT THE PRICE IS NOT REFLECTING THIS. THAT'S HAVING SOME REALLY INTENSE REVERBERATIONS AROUND THE ECONOMY, BUT ALSO IN THE OIL INDUSTRY IN THE UNITED STATES. WE ARE ONLY HEARING RIGHT NOW FROM SOME PRODUCERS IN THE UNITED STATES THAT THEY PLAN TO EVEN INCREASE PRODUCTION, WHEREAS THIS CONFLICT HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR OVER TWO MONTHS NOW , AND THE PRICE INDICATOR SHOULD HAVE ALREADY BEEN THERE. TO BUILD ON THAT, BECAUSE AN INTERESTING DYNAMIC IS STARTING TO EMERGE. WE ARE SEEING PHYSICAL PRICES COME DOWN BECAUSE OF THE INVENTORY DRAWDOWN. I WONDER IF YOU EXPECT THE PAPER MARKET WILL TRADE ABOVE THE PHYSICAL IN ANTICIPATION? THAT IS ABSOLUTELY A POSSIBILITY, BUT THE PAPER MARKET IS SO DETERMINED BY A HEADLINE OR A TWEET OR WHAT PEOPLE IMAGINE IS GOING TO HAPPEN WHEN THE REALITY IS NOT JUST WHAT IS HAPPENING PHYSICALLY WITH OIL BUT ALSO WHAT IS HAPPENING THE ACTUAL STATE OF AFFAIRS BETWEEN IRAN AND THE UNITED STATES. THEY ARE MAKING IT LOOK AS THOUGH AN END TO THIS CONFLICT IS JUST ONE 14 POINT PAPER AWAY WHEN THAT IS NOT TRUE AT ALL. EVEN IF THERE IS AN AGREEMENT ON SOMETHING -- WHICH, BY THE WAY, THERE HAS NOT BEEN AN AGREEMENT ON ANYTHING OTHER THAN THE CEASE-FIRE. DURING THE SO-CALLED CEASE-FIRE, WE HAVE SEEN MAJOR DAMAGE TO UAE FACILITIES. SO WHAT WE ARE OPERATING ON, OR WHAT PEOPLE ARE TRADING ON IN THE MARKETS, IS NOT NECESSARILY WHAT IS HAPPENING ON THE GROUND IN THE MILITARY SITUATION, NOR IS IT WHAT IS HAPPENING ON THE GROUND IN THE PHYSICAL SITUATION WITH CRUDE OIL. BUT LOOKING AT DUBAI CRUDE NOW, IT IS UNDER 00 A BARREL. ISN'T THAT ASTONISHING GIVEN EVERYTHING THAT YOU HAVE LAID OUT? ELLEN: IT IS. BUT ALSO, WHO IS GOING TO BUY DUBAI CRUDE? HOW MUCH OF IT IS ACTUALLY AVAILABLE? HOW CAN YOU ACTUALLY GET IT? CAN YOU ACTUALLY GET IT? IS THERE ANY GUARANTEE YOU CAN GET IT IN TWO MONTHS OR THREE MONTHS? THERE IS DEFINITELY A MAJOR DISCONNECT GOING ON HERE. IT IS HURTING THE ABILITY OF PRODUCERS THAT CAN PRODUCE MORE TO JUSTIFY PUTTING THAT PRODUCTION INTO PLAY. I THINK THAT, IF WE WERE RECEIVING INFORMATION ABOUT A SITUATION WHICH IS MORE ACCURATE, THAT COMPANIES AND OIL COMPANIES AND TRADERS WOULD BE ABLE TO TAKE POSITIONS THAT WOULD MORE ACCURATELY REFLECT THAT. AND I THINK WE WOULD ALL POTENTIALLY BE BETTER OFF. HOW ACUTE IS THE SPIKE HIGHER GOING TO BE, IF AND WHEN WE ARE STILL IN THE SITUATION AND THE GLOBAL SUPPLIES AND INVENTORIES ARE COMPLETELY DRAWN DOWN? I THINK THE SPIKE WILL BE VERY SIGNIFICANT, IF WE ARE STILL IN THIS SITUATION AND WE ARE JUST OPERATING OFF OF WHATEVER IS BEING PRODUCED AS OPPOSED TO WHAT IS IN STORAGE, ALTHOUGH I THINK THERE IS PROBABLY MORE IN STORAGE THEN WE NECESSARILY HAVE AN ACCOUNTING FOR. THERE IS CHINA. WE WERE TALKING ABOUT HOW CHINA HAS NOT EVEN TOUCHED ITS SPR. WHAT CHINA CONSIDERS ITS SPR MIGHT BE MORE SIMILAR TO WHAT WE CONSIDER OUR OIL STOCKS. OF COURSE, CHINA IS NOT A RELIABLE PLAYER, NECESSARILY, IN THE GLOBAL MARKET AS AN OIL SUPPLIER, SO YOU CANNOT SAY CHINA WILL ACCESS THIS AT THIS POINT. THAT IS MORE A POLITICAL SITUATION -- DECISION THAN AN ECONOMIC ONE. LISA: I WOULD LOVE YOUR TAKE ON A DEBATE WE WERE HAVING WITH THIS FOR OWN. THE OIL MAJORS HAVE UNDERPERFORMED. WE ARE SEEING PRICES GO DOWN SIGNIFICANTLY AND WHAT IS THE SIGNAL FROM THAT. WE WERE SPECULATING IT WAS MAYBE ALREADY BROUGHT FORWARD IN TERMS OF THE GAINS. WHAT CHRIS VERRONE IS SAYING IS MAYBE WHAT IT IS TELLING US IS THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ IS NOT THAT IMPORTANT. WHAT IS YOUR TAKE ON WHY WE ARE SEEING THEIR SHARES OF OIL MAJORS UNDERPERFORMED THE PAST MONTH OR TWO? ELLEN: IT IS VERY INTERESTING. I'VE BEEN FOLLOWING THE AND WONDERING THE SAME THING. NOT NECESSARILY THAT THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ IS NOT AS IMPORTANT AS WE THINK IT IS, I THINK IT IS PERHAPS NOT AS THE SAME WAY WE MAY HAVE THOUGHT IT WAS IN THE 1970'S. ONE OF THE THINGS WE HAVE NOT NECESSARILY CONSIDERED HIS -- IS WE HAVE MADE INCREDIBLE GAINS IN ENERGY EFFICIENCY SINCE THE OIL SHOCKS IN 1973. WE MADE INCREDIBLE GAINS IN TERMS OF PRODUCTION AND STORAGE CAPACITY AND REFINING. I DO THINK -- I DO NOT WANT TO DOWNPLAY THE SIGNIFICANCE OF OIL IN GENERAL, BUT IT COULD POTENTIALLY BE MORE AN EXAMPLE OF IT'S REACTING MORE TO WHAT'S HAPPENING IN THE GENERAL STOCK MARKET. OR IT COULD BE AN EXAMPLE OF THE FACT THAT THESE COMPANIES ARE NOT NECESSARILY TRADING ALONG WITH HOW WE ARE TRADING THIS CONFLICT. I DO THINK THAT THAT'S SOMETHING TO CONSIDER AND I THINK IT IS A VERY INTERESTING OBSERVATION THEY ARE NOT NECESSARILY FOLLOWING ALONG WITH THIS. BUT THERE IS MORE TO EXXON AND CHEVRON THAN WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE PERSIAN GULF. JONATHAN: COUNCIL ON THE OIL MARKET NOW. WHAT HAVE WE UNDERESTIMATED? IF ANYTHING? I THINK, PERHAPS, 1 -- THERE ARE MANY MORE -- BUT HOW IMPACTFUL THE INVENTORY DRAWDOWN HAS BEEN GET I THINK SOME PEOPLE IN THE OIL MARKET THAT IT WOULD BE A DRIP FEED AND IT WOULD NOT MAKE MUCH DIFFERENCE. HE HAS CLEARLY MADE A MASSIVE DIFFERENCE. LISA: THE OTHER THING WE UNDERESTIMATED IS HOW OVERSUPPLY THE MARKET WAS AT OF WE TALKED ABOUT -- GIVEN HOW MUCH OIL THERE WAS SLOSHING AROUND, AN ANALYST SAID THAT THE COMPANY REALLY ONLY BEGAN FIVE WEEKS AGO BECAUSE OF THE EXCESS OIL BEING USED. ANNMARIE: AND CHINA HAS A MASSIVE RESERVES. 1.4 BILLION BARRELS IN RESERVES. IF THEY WANTED TO HELP THIS MARKET, THEY COULD RELEASE THAT. THEY HAVEN'T YET, BUT THEY COULD. JONATHAN: KIND PREPARED FOR THIS FOR BETTER THAN MOST AND THEY ARE NOT EVEN IN THE COMFORT DIRECTLY. BRENT CRUDE RIGHT NOW 00 A BARREL. LET'S GET AN UPDATE WITH STORIES ELSEWHERE. THE IRANIAN ARMY SEIZING AN OIL TANKER. THE TANKER ATTEMPTED DISRUPT IRANIAN OIL EXPORTS, THE AGENCY RELEASING A VIDEO APPEARING TO SHOW TWO SHIPS APPROACHING AND RAISING THE IRANIAN FLAG. PRESIDENT TRUMP IS HEADING TO BEIJING TO MEET WITH XI JINPING NEXT WEEK. THE CEOS OF BLACKSTONE AND CITI ARE SET TO JOIN THE PRESIDENT. OUR NUMBER OF OTHER CEOS HAVE REPORTEDLY BEEN INVITED. AND WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION OFFICIALS SAY THE DEADLY HANTAVIRUS OUTBREAK ON A CRUISE SHIP DOES NOT RISK TRIGGERING THE NEXT PANDEMIC. AT LEAST THREE PEOPLE ARE DEAD AFTER A CLUSTER OF INFECTIONS LINKED TO A CRUISE SHIP IN THE ATLANTIC OCEAN. SEVERAL MORE HAVE BEEN LEFT DEVIOUSLY ILL. JONATHAN: THANK YOU. APPRECIATE IT. LAST NIGHT AT DINNER, IT CAME UP, AND ONE MEMBER OF THE FAMILY JUST IMMEDIATELY SAID, "WE'RE EATING, ABSOLUTELY NOT." I LIKE THAT MEMBER OF THE FAMILY. I AM LIKE THIS. DO NOT TALK ABOUT DOOMSDAY? AT LEAST JUST NOT OVER DINNER. OR AT LEAST CRUISE SHIPS. GOT A LOT OF SUPPORT OF PEOPLE WHO FEEL THAT TOWARDS CUISE -- CRUISES. UP NEXT ON THE PROGRAM, SIGNS OF STABILITY. >> IF THE LABOR MARKET IS STABLE RIGHT NOW, BUT IT IS NOT CREATING ANY INFLATIONARY PRESSURES. THE MOST LIKELY PROBABILITY IS WE HOLD STEADY. JONATHAN: UP NEXT, WE CATCH UP WITH STEPHANIE ROTH. LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY, YOU ARE WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV. JUST OFF RECORD HIGHS AND TRACKING SIX WEEKS OF GAINS ON THE S&P 500, POISED FOR THAT GOING INTO THE WEEKEND. THE LONGEST STREAK GOING BACK TO 2020 FOUR. THE RUSTLE UP BY 0.50%. BRENT AND WTI, SKIRMISHES ON MONDAY AND THURSDAY. HERE WE ARE THIS MORNING. STILL HAVE NOT HEARD FROM TEHRAN ON THEIR PROPOSAL FROM THE U.S., YET, CRUDE IS DOWN. WTI, 94 .70, AND IT HAS BEEN LOWER THE THREE PREVIOUS SESSIONS ON BRENT. THERE IS NO WILLINGNESS TO WRAP UP FIGHTING. YES, THERE HAVE BEEN MISSILES BACK AND FORTH. CAN YOU CALL THIS A CEASE FIRE WHEN THEY ARE ASPIRING HAPPENING? MAYBE IT IS AN EFFORT NOT TO ESCALATE. DO YOU KNOW WHY IRAN HAS NOT RESPONDED? IT IS BECAUSE A COURIER HAS TO GET TO THE COMMITTEE, TO THE AYATOLLAH, AND GET HIS SIGNOFF, AND HE IS IN A REMOTE CAVE AND CANNOT HAVE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. WITH THE DIFFERENT MOUNTAINS. THIS IS THE REASON WHY IT IS TAKING A WHILE. ANNMARIE: THE PRESIDENT MET WITH HIM YESTERDAY. THEY COULD PHONE A FRIEND TO PAKISTAN AND GET THAT MESSAGE ACROSS. JONATHAN: HE WENT OVER TO HIM. DID HE? NO ONE HAS SEEN HIM. ANNMARIE: I AGREE WITH YOU. THEY SAID THEY SPENT 2.5 HOURS TOGETHER. JONATHAN: RIGHT? LISA: I JUST PICTURE SOMEONE ON CAMELBACK GOING TO THE MOUNTAINS, TO THE CAVE, TO FIND OUT WHAT THE TEA IS. [LAUGHTER] GIVEN SOME OF THE REPORTS, WOW. IT IS CRAZY HOW SERIOUS THIS IS A NO ONE TAKES IT SERIOUSLY. LISA: PEOPLE DON'T HAVE A LOT OF INFORMATION SO THEY ARE FILLING IN THE BLANKS IN CREATIVE WAYS. YOU ARE WATCHING TOO MANY AI VIDEOS. LISA: I THINK IT IS THE BEST USE OF TIME. JONATHAN: THAT IS WHAT IT IS GOING TO BE USED FOR, SLOP. LET'S GET TO THE BOND MARKET. JOBS A LITTLE BIT LATER. DEALS DECLINING BY ONE BASIS POINT, THE TWO YEAR AT 3.80 NINE. UNDER SURVEILLANCE, SIGNS OF STABILITY. >> IF OIL PRICES COME BACK DOWN AND THAT IS NOT GET PASSED INTO THE BROADER ECONOMY, I EXPECT THE UNDERLYING DYNAMICS WE WERE FACING PRIOR TO THE CONFLICT TO RETURN, WHICH IS POLICY IS SLIGHTLY RESTRICTIVE, CONTINUES TO PUT DOWNWARD PRESSURE ON INFLATION. THE LABOR MARKET IS STABLE RIGHT NOW BUT IT IS NOT CREATING INFLATIONARY PRESSURES. THAT WE HOLD STEADY. I THINK THAT IS WELL-POSITIONED. PAYROLLS DOING UNDER TWO HOURS. EXPECTED TO SHOW BACK-TO-BACK EMPLOYMENT GAINS FOR THE FIRST TIME IN NEARLY A YEAR, WHICH IS CRAZY. STEPHANIE ROTH CALLING FOR AN ABOVE CONSENSUS 80 K, WRITING "THE LABOR MARKET IS SHOWING SIGNS OF STABILIZATION DESPITE THE DATA BEING UNUSUALLY VOLATILE." GOOD MORNING. IT FEELS LIKE THE RANDOM NUMBER GENERATOR. NOW IT FEELS LIKE THAT EVEN MORE, THE FACT WE HAVE NOT HAD BACK-TO-BACK POSITIVE GAINS FOR THAT LONG. STEPHANIE: IT IS A BIT CONCERNING. LIKE WE TALKED ABOUT EARLIER, BEFORE WE STARTED, THIS WOULD BE A SIGN IF WE END UP GETTING BACK TO BACK GAINS THAT THE LABOR MARKET IS STARTING TO SHOW SIGNS OF IMPROVEMENT, WHICH WE THINK IS THE CASE. WHERE ELSE ARE YOU SEEING GREEN SHOOTS? STEPHANIE: BROADLY SPEAKING, THE INDUSTRIAL SIDE. YOU ARE SEEING SENTIMENT PICK UP IN THE ACTIVITY GETTING BETTER. CONSUMPTION MAY BE IS NOT NECESSARILY GETTING BETTER IN A MATERIAL WAY BUT IT APPEARS TO BE STABLE IN THE FACE OF ELEVATED ENERGY PRICES. THIS POINTS TO AN ECONOMY DOING QUITE WELL. THEN YOU HAVE THE AI TAILWIND, BOOSTING CAPEX AND RELATED SECTORS. LISA: IS THE ECONOMY DOING REALLY WELL IN THE RIGHT AREAS? ARE WE CREATING JOBS IN SECTORS THAT INDICATE A CYCLICAL UPTREND, OR IS IT AN INDICATION WE ARE GETTING OLDER AND SICKER? STEPHANIE: THAT IS WHAT IS GOING TO BE DIFFERENT ABOUT THIS PRINT ON THE NEXT COUPLE. JONATHAN: ONE OF THEM. THAT IS WHAT I THINK IS GOING TO GET DIFFERENT. YOU ARE GOING TO SEE THE CYCLICAL AREAS OF HIRING IMPROVE. THAT IS WHAT WE ARE GOING TO BE WATCHING FOR CLOSELY. ARE YOU GOING TO SEE RETAIL, HOSPITALITY? WE'VE SEEN POSITIVE SIGNS IN CONSTRUCTION AND MANUFACTURING. WE THINK THOSE SECTORS WILL ADD JOBS AND IT BECOMES LESS HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION. LISA: IT KIND OF EXPLAINS THE DISSONANCE BETWEEN THE DOOM AND GLOOM FROM THE CLOSURE OF THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ AND THE LACK OF OIL SUPPLIES AND THE OPTIMISM AROUND THE U.S. ECONOMY. THE U.S. ECONOMY SEEMS REALLY IMMUNE TO IT IS GOING ON. IS IT IMMUNE OR IN DENIAL? I THINK IT IS NEITHER. WE HAVE STIMULUS HITTING THE ECONOMY AT THE SAME TIME WE HAVE A GASOLINE PRICE SHOCK. ONE BIG BEAUTIFUL BILL ADDS 180 BILLION DOLLARS WORTH OF CONSUMER STIMULUS. THAT OFFSETS THE ENERGY HEADWIND BY A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT. WE COULD HAVE GASOLINE PRICES RUNNING FOUR TO 4.50 AND THAT DOES NOT OFFSET HALF OF THE STIMULUS THAT HAS COME THROUGH TO THE ECONOMY. THERE WAS A REALLY SOLID BUFFER THAT HAPPENS TO BE SUPPORTING THE CONSUMER AT A TIME WHERE THERE IS THIS ENERGY PRICE SHOCK. LISA:LISA: WHAT YOU NEED TO SEE IN THE LABOR MARKET REPORT TO INDICATE ANY PRICE INCREASES FROM OIL OR SOME COMPONENT PRICES TIED TO AI BUILDOUT CAN BE PASSED THROUGH MORE EASILY WITH THE CONSUMER? WE HEARD MIXED THINGS WITH MCDONALD'S AND SHAKE SHACK TALKING ABOUT WEAKNESS AND THE LOWER INCOME CONSUMER. THEN WE SEE AGGREGATE NUMBERS COMING IN GANGBUSTERS. WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SEE IN THE ACTUAL LABOR MARKET REPORT? WE ARE GOING TO BE WATCHING THE ONES CLOSELY TIED TO DISCRETIONARY SECTORS, LEISURE, RETAIL AND HOSPITALITY, AREAS WHERE WE SIGNAL TO SOME EXTENT. WHAT YOU'VE SEEN IS IT HAS BEEN THE K-SHAPED, MORE SIGNS OF THE K-SHAPED ECONOMY, A LOWER END CONSUMER THAT HAS BEEN SQUEEZED, BUT THE MIDDLE TO UPPER INCOME CONSUMERS THAT ARE DRIVING SPENDING. THERE WAS AN INTERESTING FED REPORT RECENTLY SHOWING DEMAND DESTRUCTION BY INCOME GROUP RELATED TO GASOLINE PRICES, AND IT IS THE LOWER END THAT SEEMS TO BE REALLY FEELING IT AND EVERYBODY ELSE MARGINALLY SO. DOES NOT START TO POTENTIALLY GET MORE PROBLEMATIC? A REPORT OUT TODAY SAID SPENDING SLOW DOWN ACROSS THE BOARD. JUST FOR A WEEK BUT POTENTIALLY THIS CAN BECOME MORE ACUTE. THEY CALL IT A BLIP OR A BLOCKADE, WE WON'T KNOW. DO YOU THINK BASICALLY PEOPLE ARE DRAWING DOWN ON THESE TAX REFUNDS? NOW IT IS GOING TO START TO HIT AND A MORE MATERIAL WAY? I THINK IT WILL HIT ON THE MIDDLE TO LOWER INCOME CONSUMER. EVERYBODY ELSE -- MOST OF THE TAX BENEFIT COMES NOT FROM REFUNDS BUT LOWER TAXES.AND FOR THE MIDDLE AND UPPER INCOME PEOPLE, THEY ARE LESS LIKELY TO SPEND THAT RIGHT AWAY. THAT PROVIDES A LONGER BUFFER THAN WHAT WOULD BE THE CASE OTHERWISE. THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY HAD A BENEFIT BECAUSE THEY RECEIVED A CHECK IN THE MAIL AND THAT CHECK HAS PROBABLY BEEN SPENT FOR THE MOST PART, BUT THE MIDDLE TO UPPER INCOME PEOPLE STILL HAVE THESE TAX SAVINGS THAT WILL SUPPORT FOR MANY MONTHS TO COME. ARGUABLY THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE SEEING IN THE RESTAURANT BUSINESS, THE EARNINGS OF THE LAST 24 HOURS OR SO. LISA: ULTIMATELY, IT HAS BEEN LOWER INCOME CONSUMERS. EVERYBODY ELSE IS DOING FINE. MCDONALD'S' BIGGER BURGER -- WHAT WAS IT CALLED? THE ARCH THING? LOOK AT YOU. I KNOW YOU ARE FREQUENT -- DOING MY CHANNEL CHECKS. OF COURSE. LISA: THOSE WHO ACTUALLY -- THOSE ARE ACTUALLY JONATHAN: BIG HITS. AND CHICKEN NUGGETS, 2019 THE LAST TIME I HAD MCDONALD'S. I GOT DESPERATE THAT DAY. LISA: IT WAS A DARK AND STORMY NIGHT. WASN'T SURE ABOUT THE FED POLICY. I CAN'T REMEMBER THE LAST TIME. IT'S INTERESTING TO SEE THE K-SHAPED PLAY OUT. STEPHANIE, GOOD TO SEE YOU. STEPHANIE ROTH OF WOLF RESEARCH. IT HAS GOTTEN SO EXPENSIVE. THAT'S WAS CRAZY. WE SPOKE EARLIER THIS MORNING, CHRISTOPHER WAS TALKING ABOUT SHAKE SHACK AT HOW MUCH IT COSTS TO VIEW THE WHOLE FAMILY. HE WAS IN NEW YORK CITY TALKING $90 JUST TO TAKE THE KIDS TO GET SHAKE SHACK WHICH IS RIDICULOUS, AND NO WONDER THEY CANNOT MOVE PRICES UP ANYMORE. IT IS HARD TO CALL IT FAST FOOD OR HAVE A CHEAPER OUTCOME WHEN YOU TALK 00 TO GET FOUR BURGERS. JONATHAN: IT IS FAST, NOT CHEAP. THERE'S A DIFFERENCE. COMING UP, WE WILL CATCH UP WITH PRIYA MISRA, STEVEN COOK, SARAH KUNS ON THIS PAYROLLS FRIDAY. GOOD MORNING DO YOU ALL. -- GOOD MORNING TO YOU ALL. >> THINGS ARE ABOUT AS GOOD AS THEY HAVE BEEN IN A LONG TIME. >> THERE A LOT OF HYPE IN THE >> THIS UPWARD TREND IS BEING DRIVEN BY A NARROW COHORT. >> YOU NEED TO PRICE IN PRICING POWER. >> A ROTATION IN THE MARKET IS LIKELY TO PERSIST. >> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE" HORDERN. JONATHAN: I LEFT ONE OUT. THERE WAS A MCDONALD'S BREAKFAST IN SPRING, 2021, PALM SPRINGS. JUST CAME BACK TO ME. I WANT TO BE TRANSPARENT AND HONEST WITH PEOPLE. LISA: IT IS TRUE, SOMEONE WROTE IN AND SAID, I FACT CHECK HIS PROCEEDS. JONATHAN: EGG MCMUFFIN. IF I WAS GOING TO GO TO MCDONALD'S, I WOULD GO FOR THE BREAKFAST. LISA: THEY ARE TRYING TO MAKE THINGS HEALTHIER AND RIVAL STARBUCKS. I HAD A STAR WORKS -- A STARBUCKS SANDWICH. JONATHAN: YOU DO THAT AT THE AIRPORT? LISA: ABSOLUTELY. JONATHAN: THAT REEKS OF DESPERATION. I MEAN WHEN DID YOU LAST PLAN TO GO OUT? LIKE, LUNCH TODAY, I WANT TO GO OUT AND GET A SANDWICH FROM STARBUCKS? LISA: MY ENTIRE EXISTENCE OFTEN REEKS OF DESPERATION, SO LET'S LEAVE IT THERE. [LAUGHTER] JONATHAN: GOOD MORNING. THE SECOND HOUR OF "BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE" STARTS NOW. EQUITY FUTURES ON THE S&P UP BY 0.5%. UP 0.6% ON THE NASDAQ. BRENT AND WTI, NOT SEEING A HUGE MOVE. BRENT UNCHANGED, 00. WTI GOING NOWHERE, $94. NOT SEEING YIELDS DECLINED BIG TIME THIS WEEK EITHER. EVEN WITH CRUDE DOWN IN THE WEEK BY 7%. 3.89 ON 2'S. THE JOBS REPORT IN 90 MINUTES. THE GUY SAYS WALL STREET. THE MEDIAN -- THE GASES ON WALL STREET. -- THE GUESSES ON WALL STREET. BARRING CITI'S PROJECTION, ALL THE OTHERS HAVE THE FIRST BACK TO BACK SINCE MAY OF LAST YEAR, INDICATING, A, HOW DIFFICULT IT HAS BEEN TO GAUGE THESE NUMBERS AND HOW VERY THEY HAVE BEEN FROM MONTH-TO-MONTH. IT ALSO HIGHLIGHTS HOW IMMUNE ECONOMY COULD BE, SO FAR, SO WHAT IS TRANSPIRING IN THE COMMODITIES SPACE CARE THAT IS THE MOST INTERESTING ASPECT. AT WHAT POINT IS THIS VIEWED AS SOMETHING THAT COULD POTENTIALLY BOOST INFLATION AT A TIME OF ALREADY STRONG GROWTH, GIVING THE FED A REALLY DIFFICULT CALL LATER THIS YEAR? ANNMARIE: THE U.S. IS INSULATED BUT NOT 100% IMMUNE. IF YOU LOOK AT GASOLINE PRICES, $4.50 IS STILL A LOT HIGHER THAN MANY AMERICANS WERE EXPECTING FROM THIS ADMINISTRATION. BUT I FIND IT FASCINATING. THE CEASE-FIRE IS HOLDING ON, AT LEAST VERBALLY, EVEN THOUGH WE HAVE HAD NOT JUST SKIRMISHERS BUT THE IRANIANS SEIZED AN OIL TANKER. THERE IS CONSTANT TIT-FOR-TAT, YET BOTH SIDES ARE SAYING THE CEASE-FIRE HOLDS. JONATHAN: THERE ARE DATA POINT THAT MATTER TO MARKETS AND THERE ARE DATA POINTS THAT MATTER TO PEOPLE. FOR MARKETS, IT IS AVERAGE HEADLINE THAT MATTERS. WE SAY THINGS LIKE THE ECONOMY CAN LIVE WITH 00 A BARREL OF CRUDE OR SAY THINGS LIKE THE LABOR MARKET IS DOING OK, THE CONSUMER IS RESILIENT. THEN YOU LOOK AT THE DISPARITY BENEATH THE HEADLINE, CAPTURED BY THE CORPORATES. OF COURSE, THIS WILL NOT DRIVE INVESTORS ON WALL STREET, BUT THE CONSUMER ECONOMY HAS SHIFTED. KRAFT HEINZ'S CEO, THE LAST 24 HOURS, WAS SEEING NEGATIVE CASH FLOWS IN THE LOWER INCOME BRACKETS, WHERE THEY ARE DIPPING INTO THEIR SAVINGS. THAT'S THE SQUEEZE IN AMERICA RIGHT NOW, THE REAL DISPARITY. THEY ARE LITERALLY RUNNING OUT OF CASH. STEPHANIE ROTH WAS ON THE SHOW MOMENTS AGO AND SAID, IF THE NEW YORK FED. THIS REPORT, WHICH IS INTERESTING ABOUT HOW LOWER INCOME CONSUMERS HAVE BEEN DISPROPORTIONATELY AFFECTED BY GASOLINE PRICES WHERE THEY ARE, SO YOU ARE SEEING THAT TRICKLE THROUGH IN EARNINGS. HOW DOES THAT FEATURE INTO MARKETS? IS THIS SOMETHING WHERE -- DOES THIS START TO BLEED INTO OTHER INCOME BRACKETS? JONATHAN: FUTURES POSITIVE BY 0.5%. COMING UP, WE CATCH UP WITH PRIYA MISRA OF JPMORGAN AS STOCKS BOUNCE BACK, STEVEN COOK OF THE COUNCIL AS THE TRUTH FACES ANOTHER TEST, AND ANDREW HOLLENHORST OF CITI FORECASTING A SOFT DROP REPORT. STOCKS OF HEAD OF A FRESH LABOR READ. PRIYA MISRA WRITING PAYROLLS HAVE BEEN VERY NOISY. WE THINK WE GET AN ASYMMETRIC REACTION TO A WEAK PRINT AS CUTS HAVE BEEN PRICED OUT. THAT IS THE ASYMMETRIC REACTION WE MAY GET IN MARKETS. WHAT IS THE BASE CASE FOR YOU? PRIYA: SOME SORT OF STABILIZATION. THE LABOR DATA HAD BEEN WEAKENING INTO THE END OF LAST YEAR, THE FED CUT RATES, AND WHAT WE THINK WE ARE SEEING IS STABILIZATION GET I THINK THE MARKET HAS STARTED TO PRICE IN THE ACCELERATION. I STRUGGLE WITH THAT. WE ARE IN THE MIDST OF A MASSIVE AI OPPORTUNITY IN TERMS OF EARNINGS AND CAPEX. LOOKING AT THAT PRICE ACTION, THIS IS A NARRATIVE TRYING TO FIT THE PRICE ACTION. IF THE STOCK MARKET IS NOT STRONG, IF ECONOMIC DATA IS OK, THEREFORE WE ARE ACCELERATING -- WE ARE NOT SEEING THE SIGNS. ULTIMATELY, THERE IS A SUPPLY SHOCK IN THE JOB MARKET, THERE IS A DEMAND SHOCK. THE PRICE IS CLEAR. WAGES ARE DECELERATING. WHETHER IT IS WAGES OR HIRING TRENDS THE WE ARE IN LOW HIRE, LOW FIRE. WE'RE ALL GETTING OLDER, SO HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION IS REMAINING THIS WEEK, CONCENTRATED COMPONENT OF THE JOB MARKET. IF YOU GET --AGAIN, THE PAYROLL NUMBERS ALL OVER THE PLACE. LOOK AT THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE. THAT'S STABILIZATION, NOT RE-ACCELERATION. SOME OF THE BOND MARKET MOVE IS PRICING IN THE SUPPLY SHOCK AROUND ENERGY. ALL THAT HYPE TALK IS THIS REACCELERATION, OR IS THE LABOR MARKET A SOURCE OF INFLATION? THAT IS WHY WILL BE WATCHING THAT. JONATHAN: USED "REACCELERATION" A FEW TIMES. IT IS THE BOND MARKET DOING THAT? PRIYA: I THINK THE BOND MARKET, PRICING AND HAVE A HIKE THIS YEAR, IS A LITTLE BIT OF THAT. THE FACT THAT THE NEUTRAL RATE HAS ACTUALLY GONE UP -- IS THAT AI? IF YOU THINK THE AI NEUTRAL RATE OR THE NEUTRAL RATE IN THE ECONOMY ONCE AI HAS FINALLY BEEN ABSORBED, IS 4, 4.5, THEN WE ARE IN ACCOMMODATIVE TERRITORY. I GO BACK TO THE 1990'S, WHERE I THINK PEOPLE SAID YOU SEE COMPUTERS EVERYWHERE EXCEPT IN THE PRODUCTIVITY DATA. WE WILL BE DEBATING THE NEUTRAL RATE FOR A LONG TIME. I AM NOT SURE THE MARKET SHOULD HAVE THAT MUCH CONVICTION THAT THE NEUTRAL RATE IS HIGHER. AGAIN, I STRUGGLE WITH, IS POLICY THAT ACCOMMODATIVE? WE MIGHT BE IN THE REALM OF NEUTRAL, WE MIGHT BE SLIGHTLY RESTRICTIVE. LISA: IT DOES -- DOES IT MATTER IF AI IS DRIVING THE STRENGTH? ISN'T THAT RELEVANT GIVEN IT IS A CONTRIBUTOR TO INFLATION, TO CAPEX, TO GDP? CAN YOU JUST SAY IT IS NOT A CONTRIBUTOR TO A LOT OF PEOPLE SO IT IS NOT A BOON TO THE ECONOMY? HOW DO YOU SEPARATE THAT OUT? PRIYA: THAT IS A GREAT POINT. I DO NOT WANT TO NEGATE THE IMPORTANCE OF AI. IF IT RAISES PRODUCTIVITY, IT IS A GOOD THING FOR THE ECONOMY, A GOOD THING FOR THE U.S. WHEN I THINK ABOUT FED POLICY AND INTEREST RATES, THAT IS WHERE THE FED MANDATE, THE DUAL MANDATE, BECOMES IMPORTANT. WHEN THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE OR INFLATION, PRICE STABILITY, THERE WE SHOULD BE CAREFUL AROUND AI. AI IS PROPAGATING THE A K-SHAPED CONSUMER AND CORPORATE SECTOR, BUT IF THE FED IS LOOKING AT THE ENTIRE ECONOMY, THEY HAVE TO BE AWARE OF THE A K-SHAPED ASPECT. THEY SHOULD LOOK AT, ARE WE BROADENING OUT? THE EQUITY MARKET WANTS TO BROADEN OUT. IN FIXED INCOME, WE ARE FAIRLY BROAD. IT IS NOT THAT CONCENTRATED CARE THAT IS WHY IT IS IMPORTANT TO SAY, IS THIS A BROAD-BASED SPACE IN HIRING? WILL COMPANIES BE ABLE TO PASS ON PRICES? THAT'S IMPORTANT. IF THIS IS JUST AI, THAT COULD CONTINUE THE K-SHAPE, AND IF THERE IS THIS VERSION, BUT I WOULD LIKE IT BROADER WHEN WE THINK ABOUT INTEREST RATES AND THE FED. LISA: THE REASON WHY I FIND THIS INTERESTING IS THERE IS A PIMCO REPORT ABOUT DIVERGENCE -- THE REASON PCE HAS RISEN EVEN THOUGH CPR HAS GONE DOWN IS THAT CPI IS FED BY HOUSING COSTS, WHICH HAVE GONE DOWN, AND PCE IS FED BY A LOT OF THE COMPONENTS NEEDED TO BUILD OUT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. IT IS DRIVING INFLATION IN THE NEAR TERM. HOW DOES THE FED ADDRESS INFLATION DRIVEN BY AI WHILE CATERING TO THE WEAKNESS IN ANOTHER SECTOR NONCONTRIBUTING TO INFLATION AT ALL BUT, IF THEY CUT RATES, COULD LEAD TO A MELT UP? PRIYA: I AM GLAD YOU BROUGHT THAT UP, BECAUSE THAT IS ANOTHER AREA WHERE AI SHOWS UP, THAT DISPERSION. WE HAVE A NEW FED CHAIR WHO HAS ALREADY BROUGHT UP A DIFFERENT INFLATION METRIC. I THINK THE FED LOOKS AT A BUNCH OF INFLATION METRICS. CPE -- PCE, CPI. REMEMBER SUPER COURT? CHAIR POWELL LOOKED AT RECORD -- AT SUPER COURT. I THINK THEY SHOULD -- THAT ALSO BECOMES IMPORTANT, IF THEY ARE THINKING ABOUT RATE CUTS. THEY HAVE TO LOOK AT WHAT IS THE UNDERLYING INFLATION. I COME BACK TO THE LABOR MARKET. IF WAGES ARE NOT RE-ACCELERATING -- I SHOULD SAY LABOR MARKET AND -- THOSE TWO HAD STARTED TO GO UP AND THE FED WAS STILL IN THE TRANSITORY CAMP. I THINK THEY WILL NOT MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN. SO FAR, WE ARE NOT SEEING SIGNS OF THAT PICK UP. PCE IS HIGH, AND I COULD BE AI DRIVEN, BUT AS LONG AS THESE OTHER COMPONENTS STAY LOW, THE CORE OF THE COMMITTEE AND I THINK KEVIN WARSH WILL BE IN THAT CAMP, WILL WANT TO LOOK THROUGH THE SUPPLY SHOCK ON TARIFFS, THE SUPPLY SHOCK ON ENERGY, OR ANY AI-DRIVIEN RISE IN INFLATION. JONATHAN: DOES THAT MEAN CUTTING? PRIYA: THE BAR TO CUT IS A LITTLE HIGHER, PARTLY BECAUSE WE ARE IN THE MIDST OF ANOTHER INFLATION SHOCK, AND THEY REMEMBER -- THERE IS DEPENDENCE ON THIS. THEY REMEMBER THEY MADE THIS MISTAKE. THE OTHER ISSUE IS INTEREST RATES ARE MUCH LOWER TODAY. AT 5.5%, IT WAS EASY FOR THEM TO CUT RATES. IF WE ARE DEBATING NEUTRAL IS THAT 3% OR 4% AND YOU'RE AT 6%, IT MAKES IT HARDER TO CUT. JONATHAN: GOOD TO SEE YOU. PRIYA MISRA OF JPMORGAN ON THE JOBS REPORT AND THE POTENTIAL BOND MARKET REACTION TO IT. SKIRMISHES IN THE MIDDLE EAST, A PROPOSAL EARLIER THIS WEEK DELIVERED BY THE U.S. TO THE IRANIANS THROUGH MEDIATORS. WE ARE AWAITING THE IRANIAN RESPONSE. WE HEARD FROM THE FOREIGN MINISTRY MINUTES AGO WITH NOT TOO ENCOURAGING WORDS. ANNMARIE: EVERY TIME A DIPLOMATIC IS ON THE TABLE, SAYS THE FOREIGN MINISTER, IS IT A CRUDE PRESSURE TACTIC OR A RESULT OF A SPOILER ONCE AGAIN DUPING POTUS INTO ANOTHER QUAGMIRE? WHATEVER THE CAUSES, OUTCOME IS THE SAME. IRANIANS NEVER BOW TO PRESSURE. THIS COULD BE LIPSERVICE FOR THE REGIME OR IS IT AN INDICATION THEY WILL NOT ACCEPT THE ONE-PAGE MEMO? JONATHAN: FROM THE UAE, BALLISTIC MISSILES AND DRONES TARGETED THE COUNTRY. THE NUMBERS NOWHERE AS HIGH AS TWO MONTHS AGO, BUT THAT GIVES ANOTHER SIGN OF HOW TENSE THINGS HAVE BEEN THIS WEEK ALONE. LISA: I BELIEVE ONE OF THOSE ACTUALLY HIT ONE OF THEIR LAST REMAINING EXPORT FACILITIES FOR OIL, SO DEFINITELY THE PRESSURE IS STILL THERE, WHICH IS THE REASON WHY YOU ARE SEEING RELUCTANCE IN THE PART OF REGIONAL ALLIES OF THE UNITED STATES TO TAKE PART IN FURTHERING THE CONFLICT. WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT WORD FATIGUE AND MARKETS BECOMING DESENSITIZED. IT IS FUNNY READING THESE MARKETS AND THE FIRST THING I DO IS HEADLINE MARKET CRUDE, WHAT ARE WE DOING -- STILL BASICALLY UNCHANGED ON THE SESSION. LISA: HOW MUCH IS DESENSITIZING PART OF THE PLAN? THE IDEA THAT BENCHMARK TO THE EXTREME AND ALL OF A SUDDEN THE MARKET SIZE, ALL RIGHT, NOISE. EVEN IF, MAYBE, IT ISN'T. JONATHAN: JOBS AT 8:30, A NEW DISTRACTION. LET'S GET AN UPDATE WORLDWIDE. IRAN IS LOOKING FOR ALTERNATIVE MEANS TO TRANSPORT OIL AND GRAIN SUPPLIES TO GET AROUND THE U.S. BLOCKADE OF ITS PORTS. PEYRONIE'S INCREASING RAIL TRADE WITH CHINA. TRAINS FROM XIAN TO TEHRAN GOING FROM ONCE PER WEEK TO ONCE EVERY THREE OR FOUR DAYS. THE BUSINESS DELEGATION EXPECTED TO JOIN PRESIDENT TRUMP'S SUMMIT WITH XI JINPING TAKING SHAPE. CEOS FROM BLACKSTONE AND CITI SET TO JOIN BEAT TRIP. TRUMP AND XI ARE SCHEDULED TO MEET IN BEIJING NEXT THURSDAY. SHARES OF COREWEAVE FALLING IN THE PREMARKET AFTER THE COMPANY PUT OUT A DISAPPOINTING FORECAST FOR THE CURRENT QUARTER. THAT IS RAISING QUESTIONS ABOUT SLOWING GROWTH, ESPECIALLY AS THE COMPANY RAMPS UP SPENDING TO BUILD OUT A OUR INFRASTRUCTURE. JONATHAN: UP NEXT, A FRAGILE CEASE-FIRE. >> THEY TRIFLED WITH US TODAY. IF THERE'S NO CEASE-FIRE, YOU WILL JUST HAVE TO LOOK AT ONE THE PRESIDENT REPORTEDLY CALLING IT A LOVE TAP, WHICH IS REAL CARE THAT IS ACTUAL NEWS. WHENEVER YOU SHARE THOSE THINGS WITH PEOPLE, IT IS LIKE, IS ANYONE ACTUALLY GOING TO BELIEVE THE PRESIDENT SAID THAT? TRUTH BE TOLD, WHEN I FIRST HEARD THAT, AS WELL AS THE BUTTERFLY THAT DIED, SPIRALING GRACEFULLY TO THE GRAVE, I THOUGHT YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME. BUT I LOOKED -- JONATHAN: IT IS A KIND OF NEWS, -- CYCLE. STEVEN COOK. LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY, GOOD MORNING. ♪ LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY, WE ARE STILL TALKING ABOUT THAT. [LAUGHTER] LET IT GO. THE ESTIMATE TODAY, 110, AT 8:30. BANK OF AMERICA, CITIBANK, AT -15 FOR THE PAYROLLS REPORT THIS MORNING. OUR SURVEY IS MID TO HIGH 60'S. WE WILL SEE WHAT WE GET. BRENT AND WTI AS FOLLOWS, BRENT CRUDE UP 100. WTI, 90 FIVE. THERE IS EVERY REASON THIS WEEK FOR THE OIL MARKET TO BE RALLYING. SKIRMISHES TWICE. WE HAVE NOT SEEN THE IRANIAN RESPONSE TO THE PROPOSAL YET. CRUDE IS DOWN BY 7% OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT ON THE WEEK SO FAR. LISA: SOMETHING INTERESTING THAT IS TELLING, LONGER DATED CONTRACTS IN DECEMBER FOR BRENT AND WTI HAVE NOT BEEN DOWN NEARLY AS MUCH AS NEAR TERM. THAT DIVERGENCE GIVES A SENSE THAT PEOPLE SINCE THE CONFLICT IS CHANGING. BE NOT AN ESCALATION BUT HOW HIGH IS THE BAR TO GET SOME SORT OF FREE TRANSIT TO THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ? JONATHAN: HOLDING ONTO TRIPLE DIGITS THIS UNDER SURVEILLANCE, A VERY FRAGILE CEASE-FIRE. I WILL LET YOU KNOW -- YOU WON'T HAVE TO KNOW. WILL NOT HAVE TO KNOW. YOU WILL LOOK AT ONE BIG GLOW AGREEMENT FAST. LET'S SEE IF THEY ARE WILLING TO SIGN IT. JONATHAN: THE U.S. AND IRAN EXCHANGE STRIKES AMID THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLING ON TEHRAN TO MAKE A DEAL TO END THE WAR. TYLER KENDALL HAS MORE FROM WASHINGTON. TYLER: GOOD MORNING. WASHINGTON RIGHT NOW IS MAINTAINING THE CEASE-FIRE IS STILL IN FULL EFFECT, AT LEAST FOR THE MOMENT, EVEN AS PRESIDENT TRUMP RENEWS HIS MILITARY OPERATIONS IF IRAN DOES NOT COME TO A DEAL. IRANIAN MILITARY ASSETS WERE HIT IN RETALIATION FOR IRAN GOING AFTER THREE NAVAL WARSHIPS THAT WERE TRYING TO GET TRANSIT THROUGH. IT DOES UNDERSCORE HOW IRAN IS TRYING TO MAINTAIN AND YOU HEADLINES SAY IRAN PUBLISHED VIDEO SEIZING AN OIL TANKER THAT APPEARS TO BE CARRYING IRANIAN OIL THAT THEY SAY "WAS AT RISK OF ATTEMPTING TO DISRUPT OIL EXPORTS AND INTERESTS OF THE IRANIAN NATION." IT IS GOING TO BE SOMETHING TO WATCH BECAUSE WE KNOW THAT THE RISK IS GOING FOR REGIONAL ALLIES, AS WELL, AS THE YOU IE CONFIRMED IT INTERCEPTED MULTIPLE DRONE AND MISSILE ATTACK SAYING THAT THE COUNTRY. ALL OF THIS RISK AND POTENTIAL PROGRESS WHEN IT COMES TO AN AGREEMENT. BLOOMBERG NEWS REPORTS THAT THE WHITE HOUSE IS STILL EXPECTING THAT THEY COULD HEAR AN IRANIAN RESPONSE TO THE PROPOSAL THAT IS PUT FORWARD AS SOON AS TODAY. AND NEW ALSO, WE GOT THIS RESPONSE TO AND FROM IRAN'S FOREIGN MINISTER, WRITING, "IRANIANS NEVER BOW TO PRESSURE ." WHITE HOUSE IS TRYING TO CLINCH A DEAL BEFORE PRESIDENT TRUMP TRAVELS TO CHINA NEXT WEEK. JONATHAN: THANK YOU. STEPHEN COOK WRITING THE WHITE HOUSE SEEMS TO HAVE BACKED ITSELF INTO A SITUATION WHERE IT EITHER ESCALATES OR HAS IRAN A STRATEGIC VICTORY." WELCOME TO THE PROGRAM. WE HAVE A DECENT UNDERSTANDING OF THE DETAILS OF THE PROPOSAL. WE'VE BEEN WAITING A DAY OR SO. WHAT RESPONSE ARE YOU EXPECTING FROM THE IRANIANS? STEVEN: I DON'T THINK IT IS GOING TO BE A POSITIVE RESPONSE. THE IRANIANS BELIEVE THEY HAVE MORE TIME ON THEIR HANDS. TO FORCE THE UNITED STATES TO CAPITULATE. AND THEY BELIEVE THAT IRANIANS CAN LIVE LIKE THIS FOR MONTHS. WE HAVE GAS PRICES AND OTHER CONCERNS WITH THE AMERICAN CONSUMER. IT DOES NOT SEEN THE PRESIDENT HAS AS MUCH TIME. EITHER WAY, YOU HAVE A STATEMENT FROM THE IRANIAN FOREIGN MINISTER WOULD SUGGEST WE ARE STILL AT A STALEMATE. WHEN IT COMES TO THAT REPORT, THE WASHINGTON POST TALKED ABOUT WITH THE CIA, THEY SAID THAT IRANIANS COULD SURVIVE THE NAVAL BLOCKADE FOR THREE MONTHS TO FOUR MONTHS, BASICALLY THE ENTIRE SUMMER. DO YOU THINK THE ADMINISTRATION HAS TO RETHINK ITS PLAN? STEVEN: THIS IS WHAT I WAS SAYING WHEN I SUGGESTED THE PRESIDENT HAS BACKED HIMSELF INTO ESCALATION OR CAPITULATE TO THE IRANIANS. IF THE IRANIANS CAN HOLD OUT, AS THE CIA INDICATES, THEY ARE NOT GOING TO BE FORTHCOMING WITH ANY KIND OF PROPOSAL THAT REQUIRES THEM TO GIVE UP ENRICHING URANIUM, NOT HAVING AT LEAST PARTIAL CONTROL OVER THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ AND CLEANING UP THEIR BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. WE ALREADY DROP THE ISSUES OF PROXIES. THEY ARE IN A VERY STRONG POSITION FOR HIM -- THEY BELIEVE THEY ARE IN A STRONG POSITION, SO THAT ANSWER IS NEITHER. THE U.S. HAS COME OFF OF DEMANDS OR FOR THE PRESIDENT TO TRY TO UP THEM TO CAPITULATE. SO FAR, THEY HAVE NOT CAPITULATED IN THE BATTLEFIELD OR THE NEGOTIATING TABLE. WHEN IT COMES TO THE REDLINE OF BALLISTIC MISSILES AND A NUCLEAR WEAPON, IS THERE INDICATION WE ARE CLOSER ON ANY OF THESE NAMES? STEVEN: NO, WE ARE NOT CLOSER ON ANY OF THEM. IRANIANS HAVE REMAINED STEADFAST THAT THEY HAVE A RIGHT TO ENRICH URANIUM. THEY ARE NOT GOING TO GIVE UP THEIR BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM. THAT IS A SIGNIFICANT THREAT TO THE NEIGHBOR SAID THEY WANT TO HOLD ONTO AFTER THE CONFLICT, AND THE PROXIES, ALTHOUGH GREATLY DIMINISHED, ARE USEFUL TO THEM. NOW ADD THE LEVERAGE THEY HAVE OVER THE STRAIT, AND IRANIANS FEEL THEY HAVE ALL THE ADVANTAGES. IN ADDITION, THIS IS A REGIME THAT HAS ALREADY FORCED THE IRANIAN PEOPLE TO SUFFER, THE LOW END OF THE ESTIMATES, THEY KILLED 7000 PEOPLE IN A MATTER OF DAYS IN JANUARY, THE HIGH-END, 30,000. THEY ARE PREPARED TO LIVE OUT THIS BLOCKADE AND MAKE IRANIANS EAT DIRT IF THEY NEED TO. LISA: EVERY ANALYST FROM WALL STREET HAS NOT WANTED TO TALK ABOUT IRAN, THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ, THEY WANTED TO MOVE ON. FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO ARE TRYING TO TUNE THIS OUT BECAUSE THEY HAVE CONFIDENCE IT WILL TURN OUT ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN WHY THIS IS STILL INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT AND POTENTIALLY REVOLUTIONARY WHEN IT COMES TO RESHAPING GLOBAL ALLIANCES, AS WELL AS SUPPLY? STEVEN: FIRST, I THINK IT IS IMPORTANT IN TERMS OF THE AMERICAN IT COSTS A LOT MORE MONEY TO FILL UP YOUR CAR WITH GAS THESE DAYS, AND THAT WILL HAVE AN IMPACT ON EVERYTHING THAT PEOPLE BUY AND WE ARE INSULATED IN THE U.S. BECAUSE WE ARE WEALTHY BUT IN TIME, THIS WILL PINCH. ISRAELIS AGREED TO SEND JET FUEL TO GERMANY SO THEY CAN MAINTAIN OBLIGATIONS ON FLIGHT SCHEDULES. THIS CAN BE VERY, VERY DISRUPTIVE. IN TERMS OF RESHAPING GLOBAL ALLIANCES, WE ARE SEEING A REALIGNMENT IN THE REGION STARTING TO TAKE SHAPE. YOU HAVE THE SAUDI'S, THE PAKISTANIS ON ONE END, AND THEN YOU HAVE THE ISRAELIS AND OTHER REGIONAL ACTORS LIKE GREECE, ETHIOPIA, SOMALIA, AND AN ALIGNMENT FEAR. THE EXPECTATIONS THAT AMERICAN POLICY MAKERS HAVE HAD OVER 20 FOUR YEARS OF AN ALIGNMENT OF SAUDI ARABIA, THE UAE, EGYPT, AND NOT SO VIRTUALLY ISRAEL, HAVE BEEN SHATTERED AS A RESULT OF THE CONFLICT, AND WE WILL SEE DIFFERENT BLOCKS EMERGE. IRANIANS ARE NOW EMPOWERED IN WAYS THAT NO ONE HAD REALLY IMAGINED WHEN THE PRESIDENT LAUNCHED THIS CONFLICT ON FEBRUARY 28. JONATHAN: STEVEN COOK, THANK YOU. WE'VE HAD THE U.S. PROPOSAL, WE ARE AWAITING THE RESPONSE FROM TEHRAN, SIMPLE QUESTIONS, WHAT KIND OF RESPONSE TO YOU EXPECTING? AND NOT A GOOD ONE. THEY HAVE THE LEVERAGE IN TERMS OF PAIN THAT CAN BE TOLERATED BY THE PUBLIC. EVEN IF THEY ARE SEEING HUGE ECONOMIC ISSUES, THEY HAVE BEEN WILLING TO MAKE THEIR PEOPLE -- AS HE SAID, THERE HAS BEEN A HUGE LACK OF CARE WITH RESPECT TO THE STATE OF THE AVERAGE PERSON. JONATHAN: THIS IS NOT IN THE PRESIDENT'S PLAYBOOK WHEN IT COMES TO GEOPOLITICS. THIS EXCURSION INTO IRAN IS SO DIFFERENT TO EVERYTHING WE'VE SEEN FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP. SURGICAL, UNLIMITED, VERY TIME-DEPENDENT, SUPERSHORT WINDOW. ANNMARIE: AND AS WE SAW LAST SUMMER WHEN IT COMES TO THE BOMBERS THAT WENT INTO IRAN AND THE NUCLEAR FACILITIES THEY BOMBED, THIS IS VERY DIFFERENT THAN VENEZUELA. IRANIANS ARE WILLING TO WAIT THIS OUT. THEY DON'T HAVE ELECTRIC LIKE WE DO. JONATHAN: IT IS PAYROLLS FRIDAY. 60 MINUTES AWAY FROM THE JOBS FUTURES POSITIVE ON THE S&P 500, THE NASDAQ OF FIVE POINT 75%. ON THE NASDAQ, THE COMPARISONS TO 1999 OVERWHELMING. THE NASDAQ REACHED A 13% SPREAD AMID THE 50 DAY MOVING AVERAGE. THE LAST TWO TIMES WE SAW THAT A LOT OF 52-WEEK HIGH WERE BACK IN 2020 2000. THE FORMER LEAD TO OTHER 2% DRAWDOWN OVER THE NEXT TWO WEEKS. THE LATTER WAS THE DEAD HIGHS OF THE DOTCOM BUBBLE. LISA: BECAUSE OF THE SCOOPS OF SPENDING COMPANIES HAVE PLANNED. MORE THAN A TRILLION DOLLARS NEXT YEAR. NEXT YEAR IT WILL DWARF THE ENTIRE SPENDING FOR THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT FOR THE U.S., JUST TO GET A SCOOP OF HOW BIG THIS IS AN THEY HAVE GENERATED ALL THE GAINS, SO PEOPLE ARE GETTING NERVOUS AS WE GET TO HIGHER AND HIGHER HEIGHTS. JONATHAN:JONATHAN: FUTURES BOUNCING -- BOUNCING BACK BY 0.50%. BRENT CRUDE, 100, DOWN FOR THE LAST THREE DAYS COMING INTO FRIDAY. UP BY ONLY 0.50%. THAT IS WHAT A SKIRMISHES WORTH IN THE MIDDLE EAST RIGHT NOW. THAT IS WHAT IT IS WORTH, 50 CENTS. TRADERS DON'T KNOW HOW TO PRICE THIS OUT BECAUSE THERE'S BEEN CAPACITY IN TIT-FOR-TAT, EVEN WHEN QINETIQ, EVEN -- BECAUSE IT IS QINETIQ. IT IS ENOUGH FOR PEOPLE TO TAKE TEMPERATURE DOWN. THE MESSAGE SEEMS TO BE, IF THE WANTS TO BRING THE TEMPERATURE DOWN AND I RAN ON THE MARCH AND WOULD LIKE TO BRING TEMPERATURES DOWN, SO, TOO, WILL THE MARKET AND THAT IS THE MESSAGE THIS MORNING. JONATHAN: LET'S LOOK AT BOND YIELDS. TWO'S, BASICALLY UNCHANGED. 3.93 TENS, 4.38. JUST CANNOT GET AWAY FROM AROUND 3.90 ON TWO SIDING INTO PAYROLLS. LISA: WE ARE SEEING RATES CREEP UP A TOUCH, DRIVEN BY INFLATION EXPECTATIONS MORE THAN REAL YIELDS GOING HIGHER, WHICH GIVES A SENSE OF WHAT IS BEING DRIVEN BY UNDERLINED MOMENTUM AND WHY TODAY'S JOBS REPORT COULD BE INTERESTING. YES, WE WANT TO SEE STRENGTH BUT DOES THAT FEED INFLATIONARY EXPECTATIONS? JONATHAN: WE HAVE NOT SEEN BACK TO BACK POSITIVE GAINS FOR A YEAR. ISN'T THAT WILD? LISA: I CANNOT BELIEVE IT WHEN I READ IT. WHEN I READ IT, I THOUGHT, NO WAY, THIS CANNOT BE REAL. SURE ENOUGH, NEGATIVE, POSITIVE, NEGATIVE, POSITIVE. -15 K, SO WE WILL CATCH UP WITH ANDREW AND SEE WHY IN A MOMENT. OPENING BELL IS THREE HOURS AWAY -- TWO NOW. DANI BURGER HAS MORE. DANI: EARNINGS AND DEALNEWS. FIRST, COREWEAVE DID BEAT THEIR FIRST QUARTER BUT NOW DOWN 7.20 5%. REVENUE MISSED, AND AT THE SAME TIME, THEY ARE INCREASING THEIR CAPEX SPENDING. THAT IS A DANGEROUS MIX FOR INVESTORS, AND THAT IS WHY YOU ARE SEEING THAT SELLING BECAUSE IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE SPENDING MORE, ALONG WITH ORACLE, THE POSTER CHILD FOR YEARS OF OVERSPENDING ON AN AI BUBBLE INFRASTRUCTURE, SHARES DOWN NEARLY 8%. IREN WILL PROVIDE FIVE GIGAWATTS OF THE STRUCTURE FOR NVIDIA AND GIVE THEM 3.4 BILLION DOLLARS WORTH OF CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE. IT IS THE NEW DEAL LANDSCAPE. COMPANIES CANNOT JUST BUY EACH OTHER BECAUSE THEY NEED INFRASTRUCTURE, SO THEY ARE SHAPING THESE DEALS, WHICH GIVES NVIDIA WARRANTS TO BUY IREN SHARES, AND THOSE ARE UP 9.50%. WE HEARD FROM MCDONALD'S AND SHAKE SHACK AND WENDY'S, VALUE ORIENTED SEEM TO DO WELL. WHEN THESE WITH CLEAN EARNINGS. THERE WAS DISAPPOINTMENT WHEN IT CAME TO U.S. COMPARABLE SAME-STORE SALES. THEY HAD STRUGGLED LAST YEAR BUT THEY MADE THIS BIG SONG AND DANCE THAT THEY WILL ORGANIZE THEIR MENU AROUND VALUE AND THE CEO SAYING THEY ARE DOING THE TURNAROUND AND SHARES ARE UP MORE THAN 5%. JONATHAN: APPRECIATE THE UPDATE. ON A RADAR THIS MORNING, THE AWAITING A RESPONSE FROM IRAN ON ITS PEACE DEAL PROPOSAL. TRUMP THREATENING TO HIT TEHRAN HARDER IF A DEAL IS NOT REACHED. THE FOREIGN SAYING, "THE IRANIANS NEVER BOW TO PRESSURE." THE PRESIDENT SET A NEW DEADLINE FOR THEM TO FINALIZE A TRADE DEAL, WARNING THAT TARIFFS WILL IMMEDIATELY JUMP TO 25% IF IT IS NOT RATIFIED BY JULY 4. INTERESTING DATE. NEXT WEEK'S SUMMIT BETWEEN CHINESE LEADER XI JINPING AND PRESIDENT TRUMP REMAINING ON TRACK. SOURCES TELLING BY BLOOMBERG THAT CITY CEOS WILL JOIN THEM IN BEIJING, APPLE, BOEING, ALL EXECUTIVES WILL ALSO MAKE THE TRIP. LISA: THIS IS THE FIRST TRIP BY THE PRESIDENT TO CHINA TO MEET WITH THE CHINESE LEADER GOING BACK A DECADE, SO THIS IS HIGHLY UNUSUAL WHEN IT COMES TO A FRONT MOMENT, GIVEN WHAT IS GOING ON IN IRAN. THESE TWO EVENTS REALLY COINCIDING TO GIVE A SENSE OF WHY PRESIDENT TRUMP DOWN TO NOT HAVE THIS BE THE MAIN THEME FURTHER DISCUSSIONS. THEY NEED TO RESET EXPECTATIONS, KEEP TENSIONS LOW ENOUGH TO MAINTAIN SOME SORT OF UNCOMFORTABLE PARTNERSHIP, EVEN AS THERE IS THIS INCREASING MOVING AWAY FROM ONE ANOTHER. I WANT TO KNOW HOW MUCH SCOPE THERE IS FOR UPSIDE OF DEALS THAT HAPPENED ON THE TRIP BECAUSE IT FEELS LIKE THEY ARE HOLDING ONTO THIS DETENTE. THERE ARE A LOT OF ISSUES IN THE RELATIONSHIP ON TOP OF THAT. TRUMP'S 10% TARIFFS WERE DECLARED UNLAWFUL, HOW MUCH DOES IT WEAKEN HIS HAND AT THE NEGOTIATING TABLE? WE HAVE AN EXCLUSIVE STORY ON HOW NVIDIA CHIPS SO EXPECTEDLY WERE SMUGGLED TO ALIBABA VIA THAILAND AND THE NVIDIA CEO LIKELY GOING TO GO ON THIS TRIP, POTENTIALLY GOING TO BECOME A CHALLENGING DISCUSSION AT THE TABLE, EVEN THOUGH YOU KNOW THE CHINESE AND U.S. ARE GOING TO WANT TO MAKE SURE IT LOOKS LIKE EVERYONE IS SMILING AND CLAPPING FOR THIS GREAT RELATIONSHIP. JONATHAN: THERE ARE MORE QUESTIONS THAT NEED TO BE ASKED AND I IMAGINE THEY WILL NOT BE ASKED IN PUBLIC AND WE WILL NOT SEE THAT TAKE PLACE. LISA: WHICH IS THE REASON WHY PEOPLE DON'T EXPECT MUCH RESOLUTION TO ANYTHING BUT PAVING THE WAY FOR FURTHER TALKS AND SOME SORT OF FRAMEWORK FOR THE RELATIONSHIP. UNLESS I HAVE A CHANCE TO ASK THEM QUESTIONS, IT WILL BE AWKWARD. I IMAGINE YOU WILL NOT BE GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY NOW IF ANYONE'S WATCHING. LET'S SEE. A DISAPPOINTING FORECAST FOR COREWEAVE, DOWN 7% PREMARKET. SARAH KUNST WRITING THAT COREWEAVE WILL BE AN EARLY DOMINO TO FALL IN ANY REAL TECH CORRECTION, AND IF I HAD GAINS THERE, I WOULD LOCK THEM IN AND RUN. WELCOME TO THE PROGRAM. WHY IS COREWEAVE IN THIS MOVE TODAY POTENTIALLY MORE SIGNAL TO NOISE? SARAH: BECAUSE THIS IS A COMPANY THAT HAS SORT OF STRUGGLED ON HAS KEPT GETTING LUCKY BECAUSE THEY KEEP PULLING OUT THESE DEALS TO BE ABLE TO BUILD MORE DATA CENTERS, BUT WHEN YOU LOOK BACK TO THE EYE -- TO THEIR IPO, I DON'T THINK IT HAS MATERIALLY CHANGED. THIS IS NOT A COMPANY WITH SUPER SOLID FINANCIALS. IT HAS GOTTEN INCREDIBLY LUCKY THAT VERY SOLID COMPANIES, THE AND VIDEOS OF THE WORLD, THE MEADOWS OF THE WORLD HAVE STARTED TO YOLO THERE TO DATA SPENT. I DON'T KNOW HOW LONG IT WILL LAST. JONATHAN: DOES IT TELL YOU SOMETHING ABOUT THE BROADER AI ECOSYSTEM? SARAH: A LITTLE OF BOTH. COREWEAVE IS A UNIQUELY FRAGILE COMPANY. THE ECOSYSTEM, WE CERTAINLY SAW THAT BEFORE THEIR IPO, THAT WAS WIDELY THE SENTIMENT. I WOULD GO BACK AND LOOK AT SOME OF THOSE NOTES AND SAY, HAS MUCH REALLY CHANGED? THE BROADER AI MARKET, THE QUESTION IS WHEN WILL THEY MAKE MONEY? WE KNOW ON THE PRIVATE SIDE, WE SEE A LOT OF UNEASE AROUND OPENAI, NOT JUST LAWSUITS, BUT QUESTIONS OF HOW SUSTAINABLE IS THEIR CURRENT BUSINESS MODEL? WILL THERE BE HUGE PRICE HIKES FROM OPENAI AND ANTHROPIC, WHICH DRIVES CASUAL USERS, SMALLER BUSINESS USERS OFF OF USING THEM? HOW MUCH EFFICIENCY OR BIG ENTERPRISES GETTING FROM AI IN THE WORKPLACE? THERE IS A LOT OF DATA THAT SHOWS IT MIGHT BE CLOSE TO ZERO OR COMPUTE CREDITS ARE ACTUALLY MORE EXPENSIVE AND JUST HIRING A GOOD, SOLID ENGINEER TO DO SOME OF THE WORK. I THINK WE ARE SPENDING LIKE IT IS A SURE THING, BUT WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE DATA AND THE ROI, IT IS UNCLEAR IF IT IS. LISA: YOU TALKED OPENAI AND WE DISCUSSED HOW SOFTBANK IS HAVING TROUBLE GETTING A MARGIN LOAN FOR 0 BILLION BACKED BY THEIR STAKE IN OPENAI BECAUSE CREDITORS ARE CONCERNED ABOUT VALUATION BEING ASSIGNED TO OPENAI. HOW MUCH IS THIS WINNERS TO LOSERS COMING TO THE SURFACE VERSUS A SENSE THAT MAY BE THE ENTIRE ECOSYSTEM IS OVERPRICED RIGHT NOW BASED ON VERY HIGH EXPECTATIONS AND VERY HIGH COSTS? SARAH: I LOVE HIM BECAUSE THAT GUY IS GREAT FOR ENTERTAINMENT BUT I DON'T KNOW THAT IF YOU CAN LOOK AT SOFTBANK STRUGGLES AND SORT OF WINDING IT OUT TO THE REST OF THE MARKET BECAUSE THEY OPERATE IN AN INCREDIBLY UNIQUE WAY, IF YOU THINK BACK TO THE DAYS OF UBER AND WE WORK DAYS AND ALL OF THAT. I WOULD NOT BE OVERLY LOOKING AT THEM AS THE SIGNAL. I THINK THAT THE QUESTION COMES BACK TO ONE WILL WE SEE COMPANIES OUTSIDE OF THE ALPHABETS OF THE WORLD MAKE REAL MONEY ON THIS? OBVIOUSLY, NVIDIA AND CHIPMAKERS ARE MAKING A LOT OF MONEY BUT IT IS ONLY AS GOOD AS THE DEMAND FOR THE CHIPS, WHICH REALLY COULD KIND OF SLOW DOWN AND FALL APART AT ANY TIME. THE OTHER PIECE IS AS THE GLOBAL ECONOMY SLOWS AND CONTRACTS, WHICH WE KNOW IS HAPPENING, THERE ARE FEWER ENTERPRISES WHO NEED AI, THERE ARE FEWER PEOPLE WHO ARE NECESSARILY INTERESTING -- INTERESTED IN PAYING FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION TO GET A SLIGHTLY BETTER RESTAURANT RECOMMENDATION OR SLIGHTLY BETTER TRAVEL RECOMMENDATION BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT DOING THAT. AS SUBSCRIPTIONS WEIGHING, THE ENTIRE INDUSTRY FALLS APART BASED ON A LACK OF DEMAND. LISA: I LOVE YOUR TAKE ON CLOUDFLARE, SAYING THEY WERE PLANNING TO CUT 1100 PEOPLE BECAUSE THEY CAN REPLACE THEM WITH ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, NOTABLY, SHARES ARE DOWN SIGNIFICANTLY IN PREMARKET TRADING, WHY DON'T YOU THINK THAT IS BEING TREATED BY THE MARKET AS EVIDENCE OF THE PRODUCTIVITY GAINS AND ACTUAL MONETIZATION OF SOME OF THESE TOOLS? SARAH: AT THIS POINT, WE'VE HEARD THE STORY. WE SEE PEOPLE GO IN, THEY DO A LAYOFF, WE ARE GOING TO DO AI, THEN THEY REALIZE IT ISN'T WORKING WELL AND THEY HAVE TO HIRE PEOPLE BACK. IT IS OFTEN SEEN, CERTAINLY NOT IN CLOUDFLARE'S CASE, BUT IT HAS BEEN SEEN IN THE MARKET AS, HEY, MAYBE SOMETHING'S WRONG WITH THE UNDERLYING BUSINESS. MAYBE SOMETHING'S WRONG WITH REVENUE AND THEY ARE COVERING THAT WITH THE AI DRIVEN LAYOFFS BECAUSE THAT IS A BUZZWORD WE LIKE. I THINK -- WE SAW THE SAME THING WITH META A FEW WEEKS AGO WITH THEIR LAYOFFS ANNOUNCEMENT. THERE IS A LITTLE BIT OF PEOPLE DON'T REALLY BUY THAT AND AI TRIGGERED LAYOFF IS A GOOD THING ANYMORE. ANNMARIE: THERE'S A REPORT IN THE WALL STREET JOURNAL ABOUT A RECENT CALL THE VICE PRESIDENT HAD WITH THE HEADS OF ELON MUSK, SAM ALTMAN, AND EXPRESSING ALARM ABOUT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, DO YOU THINK THIS WHITE HOUSE IN WASHINGTON IS GOING TO TRY TO PUT A LEASH ON SOME COMPANIES? SARAH: I THINK THE WHITE HOUSE IS GOING TO DO WHAT WE'VE SEEN A DO OVER THE LAST FEW YEARS, WHICH IS THAT YOU HAVE TO STAY IN THEIR GOOD GRACES. IT IS A PLAY TO PLAY. WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO FIND IS THEY ARE GOING TO SAY, IT IS A LITTLE BIT LIKE WHEN THE MOB COMES INTO YOUR STORE AND SAYS WE WANT TO MAKE SURE YOU ARE TAKING CARE OF AND I THINK THESE AI COMPANIES ARE GOING TO AGGRESSIVELY HAVE TO STAY ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE WHITE HOUSE AND ADMINISTRATION. I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH THE ANTI-DATA CENTER SENTIMENT WHICH RECEIVED BIPARTISAN IN COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE COUNTRY IS FEEDING INTO THIS, BUT I DO THINK, ONE, JD VANCE IS TRYING TO SET HIMSELF APART A LITTLE BIT FROM THE REST OF THE ADMINISTRATION AND LOOK LIKE HE IS CARRYING A LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT MAINSTREAM ISSUES, ANTI-DATACENTER VERY MUCH IS A MAIN STREET ISSUE RIGHT NOW. TWO, THIS ADMINISTRATION WOULD LIKE TO MAKE SURE EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT AT THE END OF THE DAY, THEY ARE GOING TO OWE THE WHITE HOUSE SOMETHING AND THIS IS A GREAT WAY TO REMIND THEM. JONATHAN: IS ANY OF THAT NEW? I REMEMBER WHEN COMPANIES DRESS THEMSELVES UP IN THE CLOAK OF LIBERAL VALUES AND MADE OUT THEY WERE LEFT-WING BECAUSE THEY WERE WORRIED ABOUT PROGRESSIVE PEOPLE IN WASHINGTON, D.C. 'S ANY OF THIS NEW, JUST A DIFFERENT FLAVOR, ISN'T IT? SARAH: IT IS A DIFFERENT AND MORE AGGRESSIVE LABOR IN THE U.S. I THINK THE MONEY, THE CHANGING HANDS ON THE BALLROOM AND THOSE THINGS IS MORE BANANA REPUBLIC TAKE ON IT. I THINK YOUR POINT, PEOPLE TEND TO LIKE TO PLAY NICE WITH THE MOST POWERFUL GOVERNMENT IN THE WORLD FOR GOOD REASON. JONATHAN: DON'T REGULATE US, WE WANT TO CONNECT THE WORLD. BILL GATES CARES ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE. WE SEE THIS A MILLION TIMES. TO SARAH'S POINT, THERE IS A FEELING THAT WITH THE ANTHROPIC MOVE AND THE LABELING AT A SUPPLY CHAIN RISK AND SOME OF THE CONCERNS AROUND WHAT CAN HAPPEN IF YOU ARE NOT IN THE GOOD GRACES WITH PEOPLE IN THE ADMINISTRATION, IT IS DEFINITELY HIGHLIGHTING HOW CLOSE TO PERFORMANCE OF SOME OF THESE COMPANIES ARE. THE FACT SUSIE WILES HAD TO COME OUT AND SAY WE DON'T WANT TO PICK WINNERS, THE FACT SHE HAD TO PUT THAT OUT ON SOCIAL MEDIA GIVES YOU A SENSE OF HOW PEOPLE DO FEEL THIS IS SOMETHING THAT IS SLIGHTLY ON A DIFFERENT FLAVOR. JONATHAN: SARAH KUNST, THANK YOU. I'M NOT SAYING IT IS GOOD, I'M JUST NOT SAYING IT IS NEW. IT'S NEVER BEEN NEW, THE IDEA IT HAS BEEN A PURE CAPITALISTIC SOCIETY, HUNDRED PERCENT LEVELS WERE NO ONE CURRIES FAVOR WITH WASHINGTON, D.C., IS NOT NEW. WHEN I TALK TO CERTAIN CEOS, THEY SPEND MORE TIME IN WASHINGTON, D.C., THAN THEY EVER HAVE BEFORE. PART OF THE REASON WHY IT IS BECAUSE IF THEY DON'T, THAT WILL BE A LIABILITY FOR THEM. IF THEY DO, THAT COULD POTENTIALLY AFFECT THEIR COMPANIES IN MORE SEVERE WAYS. PRESIDENT BIDEN DID NOT WANT A RELATIONSHIP WITH THAT, TO OUR DETRIMENT. THIS DOES FEEL DIFFERENT. IT IS FULL WHIPLASH AND 180 FOR CORPORATE AMERICA. WHO THIS ADMINISTRATION WOULD LIKE TO BE IN CONTACT WITH ON A DAILY BUSINESS. FOR THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION, NO ONE USED TO CALL EXECUTIVES. IT WAS FAR AND FEW BETWEEN. THE ONLY INDIVIDUAL THAT HAD A CONNECTION WITH WALL STREET WAS GINA RAMONDA, THE COMMERCE SECRETARY. I'M TALKING ABOUT THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION, THE VERY START OF THE TECH BOOM, COMPANIES THAT WE KNOW TODAY, THEY DRESS THEMSELVES UP IN LIBERAL VALUES. WHAT ABOUT FACEBOOK DURING OBAMA? JONATHAN: GOOGLE DID IT, FACEBOOK TODAY, AND THIS IS DIFFERENT FLAVOR THAN THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE POLITICAL SPECTRUM. I DON'T LIKE ANY OF IT. I'M JUST SAYING IT IS NOT THAT NEW. PART OF IT WAS THE PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION, IT WAS A POLITICAL PERSUASION, NOW IT IS TRANSACTIONAL, AND THAT I THINK IS A DIFFERENT PIECE FOR SOME PEOPLE. JONATHAN: I THINK WE ALL GOT THERE TO A SIMILAR PLACE IN THE END. LET'S GET YOU AN UPDATE ON STORIES WORLDWIDE. YAHAIRA: SOFTBANK'S DOWNSIZING PLANS FOR A 0 BILLION MARGIN LOAN, BACKED BY ITS STAKE IN OPENAI. SOURCES ARE TELLING US IT IS CUTTING THE TARGET TO AROUND $6 BILLION AS SOME CREDITORS RAISE CONCERNS ABOUT HOW TO VALUE THE UNLISTED COMPANY. APPLE IS IN THE LATE STAGES OF DEVELOPMENT OF NEW AIRPODS WITH BUILT-IN CAMERAS. SOURCES TELLING US THAT BLOOMBERG THAT EARBUDS WILL ACT AS EYES FOR THE DIGITAL ASSISTANTS. THEY ARE EXPECTED TO BE PART OF A NEW WAVE OF AI PRODUCTS FROM APPLE. IN THE USA AND THAILAND LIKELY HELPED SMUGGLE NVIDIA CHIPS TO CHINA. SOURCES TELLING US THAT BLOOMBERG A KEY COMPANY BEHIND THAILAND'S NATIONAL AI EFFORT IS SUSPECTED OF HELPING SMUGGLE BILLIONS WORTH OF SUPER MICRO SERVERS CONTAINING ADVANCED NVIDIA CHIPS OVER TO CHINA. THAT IS YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF. NEXT ON THE PROGRAM, SIGNS OF IMPROVEMENT. >> THIS WILL BE A SIGN IF WE END UP GETTING BACK TO BACK GAMES THAT THE LABOR MARKET IS SHOWING SIGNS OF IMPROVEMENT. THERE ARE SIGNS OF AN ECONOMY THAT THE ECONOMY IS DOING WELL. NEXT, WE WILL CATCH UP WITH ANDREW HOLLENHORST OF CITI. YOU ARE WATCHING BLOOMBERG TV, LIVE FROM NEW YORK CITY. ♪ STOCKS POSITIVE BY 0.50% ON THE S&P. UPDATE ON CRUDE, BRENT AND WTI, IF YOU ARE JOINING US, BRENT AT 100. IF YOU SAW THAT PRICE, YOU PROBABLY WOULD NOT THINK WE ARE EVEN HAMMERING ON THE GROUND RIGHT NOW AND MIDDLE EAST. A SERIES OF SKIRMISHES, JUST ABOUT HOLDING ON TO A CEASE-FIRE. I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT A CEASE-FIRE IS IF YOU FIRE WITHIN A WEEK? LISA: LET'S KEEP GOING BACK TO CHRIS AND THE FANTASTIC LOGO THIS IT IS LIKE THE PSA, THE LESS YOU KNOW. JONATHAN: JUST KEEP BUYING. >> THIS WILL BE A SIGN IF WE DO YOU ARE SEEING IT BROADLY SPEAKING ON THE SENTIMENT AND BUSINESS ACTIVITIES GETTING WELL. YOU ARE GOING TO START TO SEE IMPROVE. JONATHAN: PAYROLLS DROPPING IN LESS THAN ONE HOUR'S TIME, CITIBANK WITH -15 K FOR AN ESTIMATE. ANDREW HOLLENHORST WRITING THE SLOW DOWN AND THE PACE OF LABOR FORCE GROWTH MEANS THE BREAKEVEN LEVEL OF JOB GROWTH NEEDED TO KEEP THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE UNCHANGED HAS DECLINED. ANDREW JOINS US FOR MORE. LET'S GET TO THAT MINUS SIGN, WHERE IS THAT COMING FROM? ANDREW: WE ARE TRYING TO RECOGNIZE TWO THINGS THAT ARE NOT CONTROVERSIAL BUT GET US TO A CONSENSUS FORECAST. NUMBER ONE, THIS IS A LOW HIRING JOB MARKET. WE KNOW IT IS SO HIRING, FIRING, BUT HIRING DEMAND IS LOW AND WEAK, NUMBER ONE. NUMBER TWO, THESE JOB NUMBERS HAVE BEEN VOLATILE. WE'VE HAD NEGATIVE READINGS IN TERMS OF A DECLINE IN PAYROLLS EVERY OTHER MONTH FOR THE LAST SEVERAL MONTHS. YOU PUT THOSE TOGETHER, AVERAGES LOW, SWINGING AROUND WILDLY, WE GOT 178,000 LAST MONTH. IT ESTIMATES OR PROJECTS WE WILL GET A LOWER NUMBER THIS ONE. JONATHAN: DOES IT MAKE SENSE TO SAY WE WILL GET A LOWER NUMBER AND YOU WILL SEE A CORRESPONDING PICKUP AND UNEMPLOYMENT? ANDREW: WE HAVE AN EMPLOYMENT TICKING UP TO 4.4%, BUT IT HAS BEEN IN THIS RANGE AND THAT IS THE STABILITY PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT. WE THINK THIS MONTH WE WILL HAVE RELATIVE STABILITY AND UNEMPLOYMENT RATES, YET, WE ARE PRICING IN HAVE A HIKE FOR THE FED, SO YOU GET A REACTION TO PAYROLLS, BUT THAT UNEMPLOYMENT RATE WILL BE THE KEY NUMBER FOR YOU ARE SAYING THE RANDOM NUMBER GENERATOR IS SORT OF LESS RELEVANT NOW THAT THAT HEADLINE NUMBER, AND IT SHOULD NOT MAKE THAT MUCH OF A DIFFERENCE FOR A LOT OF INVESTORS? ANDREW: NO ONE KNOWS WHERE THAT BREAKEVEN NUMBER IS ON PAYROLLS, WHAT AMOUNT OF JOB GROWTH WE NEED TO KEEP THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE UNCHANGED. AS LONG AS THERE IS UNCERTAINTY AROUND THAT, WE WILL BE WATCHING THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE. IT IS WHAT WE ARE SEEING THE JOBLESS CLAIMS. I DO THINK THOSE THINGS CAN WEAKEN AS YOU GO INTO THE NEXT FEW MONTHS. THERE IS THE RESIDUAL, SEASONAL PATTERN WE HAVE EVERY YEAR WHERE SUMMER MONTHS TO GET WEAKER LABOR MARKET DATA AND THAT BRINGS THE FED BACK TO CUT, SO WE DO HAVE THAT IN OUR FORECAST. IN TERMS OF WHAT PEOPLE SHOULD FOCUS ON, YES. YOU HAVE BROKEN INDICATORS, HEADLINE PAYROLLS, THAT MIGHT MEAN NOTHING IN TERMS OF WHAT THEY ACTUALLY INDICATE ABOUT THE STATE OF THE ECONOMY. YOU HAVE JOBLESS CLAIMS THAT ALSO SEEM TO BE SOMEWHAT BROKEN ON THE MARGINS IN TERMS OF FORWARD INDICATING, FORWARD-LOOKING PURPOSES. WHY NOT FOCUS ON INFLATION AND SAY THIS IS TELLING US THE ECONOMY IS STRONG ENOUGH TO PASS ALONG PRICE INCREASES? IF YOU ARE THE FED, YOU HAVE TO LOOK AT INFLATION OF THE LABOR THESE TWO HAVE ISSUES AND WAYS AND METHODOLOGICAL PROBLEMS. IT'S THE BEST WE HAVE AN YOU HAVE TO'S MOVE THROUGH MORE DATA TO GET A SENSE OF WHAT'S GOING ON. IF I LOOK AT THE LABOR MARKET NOW, I WOULD SAY IT IS STABLE BUT FRAGILE. LOW HIRING, LOW FIRING, SOME STABILITY, BUT UNCOMFORTABLE IF I LOOK AT INFLATION, THERE ARE A BUNCH OF METRICS TO LOOK AT. IF I LOOK AT PCE INFLATION, WE ARE ELEVATED RELATIVE TO TARGET. IF I LOOK AT CORE CPI, WE ARE RUNNING ON A MONTHLY BASIS, RUNNING NUMBERS AND CLOSE TO 2% IF YOU LOOK AT INDIVIDUAL SUBCOMPONENTS, CLOSE TO 2%. A HUGE QUESTION FOR THE FED AND AS KEVIN WARSH COMES INTO CHAIR, WHICH MEASURES TO GOING TO FOCUS ON? WHAT ARE FED OFFICIALS GOING TO FOCUS ON, CORE PCE OR CORE CPI? IF WE GET YOUR POTENTIAL ESTIMATE OF -15 K, CAN THEY JUST IGNORE INFLATION AND SAY THIS GIVES US ROOM TO CUT? I THINK IT GOES BACK TO WHAT IS HAPPENING WITH THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE AND WITH SEVERAL MONTHS OF DATA. PAYROLLS IN THE FED HASN'T CUT. EVEN FED OFFICIALS WHO HAVE BEEN RELATIVELY DOVISH, LIKE GOVERNOR WALLER, WHO ACKNOWLEDGED THAT LABOR FORCE GROWTH IS SLOWER NOW. IT IS NOT GOING TO BE THAT SURPRISING TO GET A ZERO PAYROLLS NUMBER OR A NEGATIVE PAYROLLS NUMBER. IF YOU GET A SERIES OF THOSE NUMBERS AND YOUR AVERAGE LOWER, THAT TELLS YOU SOMETHING. RELATIVE TO WHAT THE MARKET IS PRICING, SOME PROBABILITY OF A HIKE, MORE LIKELY THAN CUTS, I THINK IT SENDS A STRONG MESSAGE AGAINST WHAT THE MARKET IS PRICING IN. JONATHAN: THESE INDICATORS DON'T MEAN AS MUCH AS THEY USED TO.THE MEANING IS CHANGING BUT ALSO THE CONTRIBUTION TO GROWTH IS COMING FROM ELSEWHERE, THINGS LIKE CAPEX. FOR THIS MARKET, THIS USED TO BE THE NUMBER EVERY MONTH. THIS WAS IT. SET THE TONE FOR A FINANCIAL MARKETS. THAT'S NOT THE CASE ANYMORE IN THE SAME WAY. LISA: UNPRECEDENTED DIVERGENCE BETWEEN THE ECONOMY AND MARKET AS DEFINED BY THE S&P 500 WITH THE WEIGHTS OF THE TOP FIVE COMPANIES ACCOUNTING FOR HALF OF ALL STOCK MARKET GAINS GOING BACK TO APRIL 12. IT GIVES YOU A SENSE OF HOW DIVORCED SOME OF THESE UNDERLYING INDICATORS, EVEN IF ACCURATE, THE MARKET HAS BEEN. NOW YOU AND WAYS , IT'S HARD TO KNOW HOW MARKETS WILL REACT. HAVE A LOOK AT PAYROLLS THE LAST MONTHS AND COMPARE IT TO S&P 500. IT HASN'T BEEN PART OF THE STORY. LISA: WHICH IS WHY IT IS SHOCKING TO THINK THIS COULD BE THE FIRST BACK TO BACK GAINS FOR JOBS IF THIS IS A POSITIVE NUMBER. IF THIS NUMBER HAVE A NEGATIVE SIGN IN FRONT OF IT, WE WILL THINK OF YOU. IF IT DOESN'T, WE WILL FORGET YOUR CALL. [LAUGHTER] NEXT, THE THIRD HOUR OF "BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE" NEXT. >> THE ECONOMY IS BRUISED BUT NOT YET BATTERED. UNLIKE ANY WE HAVE SEEN BEFORE FRE. >> THERE IS LITTLE EVIDENCE >> THIS IS "BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE" THE THIRD DOLLAR OF BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE STARTS NOW. BOUNCING BACK .5% ON THE S&P 500, UP .75% ON THE NASDAQ. CRUDE UNCHANGED DESPITE THE CHAOS. THE CHAOS IN TENSION IN THE MIDDLE EAST. BRENT CRUDE UP .5%. YIELDS UNCHANGED. TWO'S AT 3.90. PAYROLLS REPORT JUST AROUND THE CORNER. LISA: THE U.S. ECONOMY HAS BEEN STRONG. THAT HAS BEEN A FEATURE THROUGHOUT THIS ENTIRE CONFLICT AND THE REASON WHY SO MANY WALL STREET ANALYSTS HAVE THE LUXURY OF IGNORING THE CHAOS IN THE MIDDLE EAST, AT LEAST WHEN IT COMES TO THE NEAR STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE. DO WE GET CONFIRMATION OF THAT IN THE NUMBERS TODAY OR IS IT TREATED LIKE AN AFTERTHOUGHT LIKE SO MANY OTHER ASPECTS OF THE NEW CYCLE JUST TO PRIORITIZE THE AI SPENDING AND HOW MUCH THAT HAS DOMINATED THE U.S. ECONOMY. ANNMARIE: AI SPENDING AND THE CONFLICT IN THE MIDDLE EAST DOMINATING THE FINANCIAL MARKETS OR LACK THEREOF WHEN IT COMES TO THE OIL MARKET WITH EVERYONE JUST GETTING USED TO THE CONFLICT. THE SCOPE WE HAVE ON THE JOBS MAKES IT ALMOST DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND THE IMPACT. -15,000 TO 133,003 YOU CALLED IT A RANDOM NUMBER GENERATION. THAT IS WHAT IT WILL BE. NEGATIVE ONE MONTH, POSITIVELY NEXT, THERE HAS BEEN SO MUCH CHOP. LISA: IF WE GET A POSITIVE NUMBER THIS WILL BE THE FIRST BACK POSITIVE READ GOING BACK TO MAY OF LAST YEAR. IT IS A DIFFICULT NUMBER TO GET A HANDLE ON WHICH IS THE REASON PEOPLE ARE FOCUSING ON THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE. IF THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE WOULD STAY AT 4.3%, WHAT SIGNAL ARE PEOPLE GETTING? NOTHING TO SEE HERE. IF WE SEE A CHOP DOWN TO 4.2%, HOW MUCH DOES THAT PUT THE FED IN THE CORNER TO REMOVE THE EASING BIAS IF NOT SIGNAL THE POTENTIAL FOR A RATE HIKE? IT WOULD BE NICE IF WE MAINTAIN AN EASING BIAS IN THE FACE OF THAT. THE FEDERAL RESERVE WITH HER ECONOMIC DATA. PARTICULARLY -- WITH BETTER ECONOMIC DATA. LISA: YOU CAN TELL THIS IS CLEARLY MAKING SOME FED OFFICIALS UNCOMFORTABLE. WE SAW THAT WITH SUSAN COLLINS WHO SAID SHE WOULD'VE ALSO DISSENTED IN THE LANGUAGE. PEOPLE ARE PUTTING A LOT OF STOCK IN KEVIN WARSH AND HIS DESIRE TO CUT RATES IN TANDEM WITH SOME OF THE DESIRES COMING FROM THE WHITE HOUSE. THAT WILL BE TESTED IF THE DATA DOES NOT COOPERATE. AND TREASURY SECRETARY SCOTT BESSENT SAID YOU CAN HOLD IT STEADY. IF THE DATA GETS THAT MUCH MORE COMFORTABLE HOW MUCH DOES HE HAVE TO COME IN? ANNMARIE: THAT IS WHAT CHRIS VERRONE SAID, HE THINKS KEVIN WARSH HAS SOME LEEWAY TO KEEP THINGS STATUS QUO. HE SAID IT WILL BE ACCEPTABLE AND WHEN WE ASKED TO WHO AND HE SMILED BUT WE KNOW WHO THIS WOULD BE ACCEPTABLE TO. COMING UP, NADIA LOVELL, MICHAEL COLLINS ON THE GROWING DIVIDE INSIDE THE FEDERAL RESERVE AND FRANCES DONALD OF RBC BREAKING DOWN THE LATEST PAYROLLS REPORT. STOCKS EDGING HIGHER. NADIA LOVELL OF UBS GLOBAL WEALTH MANAGEMENT WRITING "WE WERE MADE CONSTRUCTIVE ON U.S. EQUITIES BUT EXPECT A BUMPY PATH AS ENERGY AND POLITICS REINTRODUCE HEADLINE VOLATILITY." NADIA JOINS US FOR MORE. YEAR END PRICE TARGET 7500 MARK FULL CASE 8400? NADIA: WE ARE NOT QUITE THERE YET TO PULL THE TRIGGER ON 8400 BUT IT DOES FEEL LIKE WE COULD BE ON THE PATH TO ABOVE 7500. LOOK WHAT THE MARKET IS TRYING TO PRICE, IT IS TRYING TO PRICE THE STRONGER MICRO BUT RESPECT THE LOUDER MACRO. WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE EARNINGS SEASON WE HAVE HAD SO FAR, VERY STRONG EARNINGS AND THAT IS BEING DRIVEN BY AI DEMAND. AT THE SAME TIME YOU HAVE CONCERNS AROUND INFLATION, CONCERNS AROUND HIGHER RATES THAT COULD BE A HEAD WIND TO THE MARKET. AS I NOTED WE ARE VERY CONSTRUCTIVE AND THINK THIS IS A RISK ON TAKE. IT IS BECOMING MORE CONDITIONAL BECAUSE NOW WE ARE MOVING INTO AN ENVIRONMENT WHERE THE MARKET IS LESS TOLERANT OF GOOD AND NOT GREAT THAT IT WAS A MONTH OR SO AGO. JONATHAN: SOME OF THE CHARTS IN CERTAIN SECTORS HAVE GONE VERTICAL, PARABOLIC IS THE WORD THAT GETS THROWN AROUND A LOT. WHAT YOU MAKE OF THE COMPARISONS TO 1999? NADIA: I DON'T THINK THEY ARE FAIR BECAUSE SPENDING IS STILL BEING SUPPORTED BY THE BALANCE SHEET AND FREE CASH FLOW AND MORE BALANCE SHEET MORE RECENTLY . THE DEMAND IS VERY STRONG. LOOK AT THE EARNINGS SEASON, THE FACT YOU'VE SEEN CLOUD GROWTH AT 40%. YOU ARE ALSO SEEING IMPROVEMENT IN AD DRIVEN EFFICIENCY FROM AI. MONETIZATION IS HAPPENING AND THAT IS HELPING TO FUEL THE SPENDING. WE TOOK UP CAPEX EXPECTATIONS FOR GLOBAL AI CAPEX TO $820 BILLION FOR THIS YEAR, THAT ALSO ALMOST A 70% YEAR-OVER-YEAR INCREASE IN NEXT YEAR WE THINK IT GETS TO TRILLION. THE WAY WE THINK ABOUT OUR AI TRANSFORMATION OPPORTUNITIES IS EXPOSURE. WE ARE FOCUSED ON WHERE THE BOTTLENECKS ARE. THEY ARE BEYOND MEMORY. THEY ARE IN CPU AND PACKAGES. WE WANT TO HAVE EXPOSURE ACROSS THE ENTIRE AI VALUE CHAIN AND WE DO NOT THINK IT IS A 1990'S SITUATION BECAUSE THE DEMAND IS STRONG. LOOK AT THE BACKLOGS. YOU HAVE BACKLOGS THAT ARE NOW $2 TRILLION, UP SIGNIFICANTLY FROM $700 BILLION LAST YEAR. THAT GIVES YOU REVENUE VISIBILITY. IF YOU ARE -- LISA: IF YOU ARE INVESTING IN THESE NAMES HOW MUCH DO YOU CARE ABOUT WHAT THE JOB NUMBER IS IN 24 HOURS? NADIA: WHAT WE ARE ALL WATCHING IS ON THE WAGE SIDE BECAUSE HAS IMPLICATIONS IN TERMS OF WHAT THE FED IS SEEING INFLATION AND MONETARY POLICY. IF WE ARE IN A SITUATION WHERE THE FED PIVOTS FROM KNEES TO A HIKE -- WE DO NOT THINK THAT WILL BE THE CASE BUT WE THINK THAT MAY BE CUT WILL GET DELAYED. IT DOES NOT FEEL LIKE THE JOB MARKET IS CRACKING. LISA: THIS IS KIND OF PERVERSE AND I DO NOT MEET TO SUGGEST I HOPE THIS HAPPENS, BUT IF WE GET A BAD PRINT IS THAT BETTER FOR HYPERSCALER STOCKS GIVEN THE FACT THAT IT WOULD ENCOURAGE THE FED TO MAINTAIN THEIR EASING BIAS AND ALLOW SOME OF THE FINANCIAL ASSETS TO DO BETTER? NADIA: FINANCIAL CONDITIONS HAVE TIGHTENED OVER THE LAST MONTH OR SO. THAT COULD HELP ON THE MARGIN BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY YOU STILL WANT SIGNS THE ECONOMY WILL BRING RESILIENCE. IF THERE ARE CRACKS IN THE LABOR MARKET, THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE A SIGNIFICANTLY NEGATIVE PAYROLL, THAT WILL CAUSE CONCERNS AROUND WHETHER WE ARE IN A SOFT LANDING SITUATION PIVOTING TO A HARD LANDING. THERE WILL BE A KNEE-JERK REACTION. COULD IT EVENTUALLY BE POSITIVE OR THE SPENDERS IN TECH AND AI IN TERMS OF GROWTH IS HARDER TO COME BY, YES. IN THE SHORT TERM YOU COULD SEE A NEGATIVE RISK OFF ENVIRONMENT. IS THE CONFLICT IN IRAN NO LONGER RISK FOR EQUITIES? IT IS OVER? NADIA: I WOULD NOT SAY IT IS OVER. IT HAS BECOME A NOISE IN THE BACKGROUND. WHAT IS SURPRISING THE MARKET IS YOU ARE NOT SEEING HIGHER ENERGY PRICES. DESPITE A MOVE IN BRENT IT IS NOT 50. THERE IS A LOT OF SPECULATION ON WHAT IS HAPPENING IN TERMS OF SUPPLY POTENTIALLY CHINA PUT IN BARRELS ON THE MARKET. I THINK IT IS SOMETHING TO WATCH. THE EARNINGS STORY IS SO STRONG THAT IT OVERPOWERS ALL OF THESE OTHER ISSUES GOING ON IN IRAN. ONE DAY NEGOTIATIONS HAPPEN IN THE NEXT DAY IT IS NOT. IT IS VERY DIFFICULT FOR THE MARKET TO PREDICT. ANNMARIE: JONATHAN HAS BEEN MENTIONING THINGS LIKE SHAKE SHACK, SOME COMPANIES SAYING OUT AND SAYING CONSUMERS ARE STRUGGLING? NADIA: WHICH CONSUMER? THIS IS A K-SHAPED ECONOMY. THE K-SHAPED HAS GOTTEN WORSE. I WILL POINT TO A COSCO. DID SINGLE-DIGIT COMPS. I WILL POINT TO A LIFE TIME FITNESS THAT IS THE INCOME 50 AT THE END OF THE DATE OF THE HIGH INCOME CONSUMER, THAT IS NOT TO SAY THE LOWER INCOME IS NOT SUFFERING. SHAKE SACK -- SHAKE SHACK, WE HEARD THE SAME THING FROM MCDONALD'S. IF YOU HAVE EXPOSURE TO COMPANIES THAT HAVE EXPOSURE TO THE LOWER INCOME COHORT, THAT IS WHERE YOU HAVE TO BE MORE CAREFUL. OVERALL THE CONSUMER IS NOT COLLAPSING. JONATHAN: GOOD TO SEE YOU. WEALTH MANAGEMENT. TO NADIA'S POINT WE HAVE BEEN TALKING ABOUT THROUGH THIS MORNING, THE HEADLINE NUMBERS CAPTURE RESILIENCE. THE CORPORATE FIGURES, PARTICULARLY ON THE CONSUMER FACING PART OF THE ECONOMY CATCHES THE DISPARITY NADIA IS TALKING ABOUT. LISA: YOU HEAR FROM COMPANIES WITH MCDONALD'S TALKING ABOUT SOME OF THEIR HIGHER-MARGIN UNITS, WHETHER DRINKS ARE THE ARCH BURGER DOING BETTER, BUT THE APPETITE FROM LOWER INCOME CONSUMER SEEMS TO BE WAITING. THERE IS A LOT OF HEAVY LIFTING BEING DONE BY CORPORATE EXECUTIVES IN TERMS OF MESSAGING. PLANET FITNESS WERE VERY CONTROVERSIAL FOR A POLICY WHICH IS NO GRUNTING WHEN YOU WERE DOING WEIGHTS. THERE ARE ALL SORTS OF ISSUES. I AM PLEASED YOU HAVE BEEN TRACKING THAT STORY CLOSELY. IT IS FUNNY BRING UP THE ARCH BURGER. NO ONE WOULD BE TALKING ABOUT THE BURGER UNLESS WE HAD SEEN THAT VIDEO. LISA: THE CEO TAKING A SMALL BITE, HE CAME UNDER A LOT OF CRITICISM. MAYBE IT WAS PUBLICITY. NO PUBLICITY IS BAD PUBLICITY. STORIES ELSEWHERE. YAHAIRA: BLUE OWL IS PREPARING TO LAUNCH A DEBUT CREDIT SECONDARY STRATEGY. THE COMPANY IS AN EARLY-STAGE'S TALKS WITH PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE FUND. THE VOLUME OF SECONDARY TRANSACTIONS NEARLY DOUBLED LAST YEAR TO $20 BILLION. DEEPSEEK IS RAMPING UP ITS FUNDING PUSH. INFORMATION REPORTING THE AI STARTUP LOOKING TO RAISE AS MUCH IS 50 BILLION YOU WANT AND ITS FOUNDER -- 50 BILLION YUAN. THE MOVE COME AS THE COMPANY SPEEDS UP EFFORTS TO GENERATE REVENUE AND FAST-TRACK NEW AI MODELS. FIFA IS TRIPLING THE PRICES OF ITS BEST AVAILABLE TICKETS TO THE WORLD CUP FINAL. THE JULY 19 MATCH OF METLIFE NOW COST NEARLY $33,000. THAT IS ALMOST TRIPLE WHAT IT PREVIOUSLY COSTS. JONATHAN: IT WAS SO PREDICTABLE THAT THIS WOULD BECOME THE U.S. OPEN ON STEROIDS. THIS IS WHAT WAS ALWAYS GOING TO HAPPEN. LISA: THE ISSUE IS WHO'S FAULT IS IT, THE U.S. OR FIFA? FIFA ADAPTED SOME SORT OF DYNAMIC PRICING THAT ALLOWED PRICES TO GO TO THE MOON THAN THEY HAVE THIS RESALE POLICY THAT THEY WOULD TAKE 15% OF MATTER WHAT. IS THIS FIFA OR THE U.S. OR A MISHMASH IN TERMS OF DESIRES? JONATHAN: I HOPE THIS TURNS OUT WELL. I HOPE AND A MONTH WE ARE ALL CELEBRATING THIS AND EVERYONE IS SUPER ENGAGED IN THE SPORT. I WANT THIS BOARD TO GROW IN THIS COUNTRY AND THAT IS WHY I'M SO DISAPPOINTED BY THE APPROACH OF FIFA BECAUSE IT SEEMS LIKE THEY HAVE SQUANDERED THE OPPORTUNITY TO GROW THE SPORT IN THE WORLD'S LARGEST ECONOMY. LISA: MY KIDS WILL NOT BE GOING TO A GAME FOR $4000 A TICKET FOR NOSEBLEED SEATS. ANNMARIE: WHO IS PAYING FOR THAT? THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN HEAVILY DISCOUNTED AND THERE SHOULD BEEN ALLOCATIONS ACROSS SCHOOL AFTER SCHOOL AFTER SCHOOL THROUGHOUT THE HOST CITIES AND I DO NOT FEEL LIKE WE HAVE SEEN ANY OF THAT. LISA: IS A BUSINESS MODEL THAT SEEMS TO BE GOOD FOR A COUNTRY WITH ENDLESS MONEY, NOT ONE THAT HAS LIMITED BUDGET AND A MORE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS. ANNMARIE: ANDREW GIULIANI WHO IS THE HEAD OF THIS WITH THE ADMINISTRATION SAYS WE DO NOT WANT TO DO PRICE CONTROLS. JONATHAN: I UNDERSTAND THAT. THIS IS SPORT. THIS IS THE WORLD CUP. THIS IS NOT INDIVIDUAL PRIVATE TEAMS, FRANCHISES, TRYING TO MAKE MONEY OFF FANS. THIS IS SOMETHING THAT IS MEANT TO BE BIGGER THAN THAT. I THINK IT WAS SENT OUT ON X, SOMEONE SAID TRADITIONALLY WE WILL BE TALKING ABOUT THE HOST COUNTRY HOSTING THE WORLD CUP. IT FEELS LIKE FIFA IS HOSTING THE WORLD CUP IN AMERICA, NOT AMERICA HOSTING THE WORLD CUP. IT IS A BAD LOOK WHEN YOU HAVE THE LEADERS OF DIFFERENT STATES COMING OUT AND JUSTIFYING WHY YOU HAVE TO CHARGE FOR A TICKET BECAUSE THEY ARE NOT GETTING PAID. YOU NOT COMPENSATING US. WHEN WE COVER THIS IN A MONTH I HOPE WE ARE HAVING A VERY DIFFERENT CONVERSATION TO THE ONE WE ARE HAVING NOW. UP NEXT THE MORNING CALLS, PLUS MIKE COLLINS OF PGIM ON THE GROWING DIVIDE INSIDE THE FEDERAL RESERVE. FROM NEW YORK CITY, GOOD >> THE DATA DOES NOT SUPPORT THE NARRATIVE THAT IS OUT THERE. WE HAVE TO DO A LITTLE BIT OF DIGGING IN SAY DOES THE DATA? I THINK THE DATA HAS BEEN MORE FRONT. JONATHAN: MORE DATA FROM THE LABOR MARKET IN ABOUT 13 MINUTES. EQUITY FUTURES POSITIVE .5% COME UP .7% ON THE NASDAQ. .5% ON THE RUSSELL. WEDBUSH RAISING ITS PRICE TARGET ON AN APPLE TO A STREET HI 400. THE FIRM SAYING THE IPHONE MAKER IS THE SLEEPING TECH GIANT ABOUT TO SEE A MAJOR INFLECTION POINT. THE STOCK IS UP 1.3%. WELLS FARGO DOWNGRADING NIKE TO EQUAL WEIGHT CITING THE BROADER SHIFT AWAY FROM ATHLETIC APPAREL CREATING FUNDAMENTAL CHALLENGES FOR NIKE. THAT IS DOWN 1%. DID YOU SEE THE ADIDAS COMMERCIAL FOR THE WORLD CUP? BRUSHED IT. LAYING THE BOOT INTO NIKE ONCE THEY ARE DOWN. LISA: RIGHT NOW THAT IS WHAT THEY ARE ALL DOING. JONATHAN: STEEPLE UPGRADING SHAKE SHACK TO BUY SAYING IT OFFERS AN ENTRY POINT FOR A CULTURALLY RELEVANT BRAND. NOW YOU CHIP IN THE COMMERCIAL. LISA: 100%. I WILL BE OUT OF COMMISSION. APRIL PAYROLLS JUST AROUND THE CORNER, THE FED FACING A GROWING INTERNAL DIVIDE WITH SOME OFFICIALS THEM MORE FOCUSED ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MANDATE. MIKE COLLINS WRITING "WE EXPECT A STALEMATE AT THE FED WITH INCREASING DISSENSION IN THE RANKS." MIKE COLLINS JOINS US FOR MORE. LISA HAS BEEN ASKING THIS QUESTION THROUGHOUT THIS AT 8:30 WHEN THE NUMBER DROPS HOW RELEVANT IS IT TO THIS MARKET? MIKE: THE JOBS NUMBER SEEMS TO BE TAKING A BACKSEAT TO THE STOCK MARKET AND THE WAR IN IRAN AND THIS LOOMING DISSENSION AT THE FED AS YOU HAVE NOTED. THEY HAVE BECOME INCREASINGLY SPLIT IN TERMS OF THE DOVISH AND HAWKISH CAMPS AND IT FEELS LIKE THE HAWKS ARE SENDING A SIGNAL THEY ARE TRYING TO DO YOU GET LITTLE BIT AND WE'LL PUSH BACK AGAINST RATE CUTS, ESPECIALLY IN THIS ENVIRONMENT WHERE THE DATA CONTINUES TO BE RESILIENT. WE WILL FIND OUT IN A FEW MINUTES WITH THE LABOR MARKET LOOKS LIKE. CERTAINLY IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS OR SO IT LOOKS LIKE THE LABOR MARKET HAS NOT ONLY STABILIZED BUT HAS STARTED TO IMPROVE AGAIN. OBVIOUSLY INFLATION REMAINED STICKY AND ARGUABLY RISING A LITTLE BIT IN SOME AREAS. GETTING A RATE CUT IN WILL BE TRICKY BUSINESS. JONATHAN: THE QUESTION IS WHY RETAIN THE EASING BIAS? WHAT IS THE ARGUMENT FOR THAT? MICHAEL: IT DID NOT SURPRISE ME THAT YOU HAD A FEW MEMBERS PUSH BACK ON THE EASING BIAS. THE THOUGHT IS, AND THIS IS SOMETHING I DO AGREE WITH, THAT OVER THE LONG TERM I DO THINK THAT NEUTRAL RATE WILL PROBABLY BE LOWER OR THE FED FUNDS RATE WILL BE LOWER ON AVERAGE THAN IT IS TODAY. IT MIGHT BE 3%, IT MIGHT BE 2.5%. THAT IS PROBABLY THE PATH WE WILL GET TO FIND AT SOME POINT, THAT WE NEED TO GET THERE TO SUSTAIN THE GROWTH IN THE ECONOMY, TO SUSTAIN OUR ABILITY AS A GOVERNMENT TO SERVICE ALL OF THIS DEBT. I THINK THESE HIGH INTEREST RATES ARE ULTIMATELY GOING TO WEIGH ON GROWTH, WHETHER IT COMES FROM THE PUBLIC OR PRIVATE SECTORS ARE THESE INCREASINGLY STRESSED CONSUMERS. THAT IS THE POINT BEHIND THE EASING BIAS. IT FEELS LIKE A GOOD PLACE NOW. ULTIMATELY THIS FUNDS RATE WILL PROBABLY BE LOWER AND THAT IS THE MESSAGE, IT IS A LONG-TERM MESSAGE THEY ARE SIGNALING. LISA: HOW MUCH DOES THE AI STORY COMPLICATE THAT? WE ARE LOOKING AT A HIGH SPENDING INDEPENDENT OF ANY HIGH INTEREST RATE ENVIRONMENT. THERE DOES NOT SEEM TO BE A GREAT DEGREE OF PUSHBACK FROM CREDIT INVESTORS TO FINANCE SOME OF THIS BUILDOUT AND IT IS HELPING TO FUEL INFLATION. AT WHAT POINT DOES THAT SHIFT OF THE NARRATIVE IN A MORE MEANINGFUL WAY LONGER TERM? THE CHALLENGE IS IT IS A STORY OF TWO ECONOMIES. THE HIGH RATES, AND I AM CALLING THEM HIGH, ARE GOOD OR ACCEPTABLE FOR WEALTHY COMPANIES THAT ARE DOING WELL. YOU SEE EARNINGS ARE GREAT FOR HIGHER END CONSUMERS. THEY ARE NOT AN ISSUE. PEOPLE WHO OWN FIXED INCOME ARE BENEFITING FROM THIS ENVIRONMENT. THE LOWER END CONSUMERS WHO ARE PAYING THESE HIGHER RATES, WHETHER IT IS MORTGAGES OR CREDIT CARDS OR AUTO LOANS AND SOME OF THESE MORE LEVERED COMPANIES ARE GOING TO STRUGGLE. THE FED -- WHAT PROBLEM ARE THEY TRYING TO SOLVE? TRYING TO SAVE THE HIGH END PEOPLE OR SAVE EVERYBODY ELSE? THAT IS PART OF THE DISSENSION. YOU HAVE THESE CAMPS, WHAT IS OUR GOAL? WHAT PART OF THE ECONOMY ARE WE TRYING TO SUPPORT? THE AI STORY, LISA, YOU COULD ARGUE, AND I KNOW WARSH HAS MADE THE ARGUMENT THAT THIS PRODUCTIVITY MAINI BOOM WE MAY BE BEGINNING TO GO THROUGH WILL CAUSE LOWER COSTS FOR LABOR AND WILL ULTIMATELY BE DISINFLATIONARY IS THE ECONOMIC ARGUMENT. MAYBE THAT OPENS A WINDOW FOR A FED TO CUT RATES OVER THE NEXT FEW YEARS. LISA: IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE BULLISH LONG BONDS. MICHAEL: I LIKE BONDS. I THINK THEY ARE CHEAP AND ATTRACTIVE. ANY TIME THE 10 YEAR GETS NEAR 4.5 IT IS MET WITH RESISTANCE. WHEN THE LONG BOND GETS TO FIVE YOU GET BUYERS. THE CURVE IS STEEP. A LONG BOND AT FIVE IS A LOT OF VALUE EMBEDDED IN THE YIELD CURVE. I PUSHBACK ON THE ARGUMENT THAT IF THE FED CUTS THE CURVE WILL STEEPEN. IF THE CURVE STEEPEN'S MUCH MORE THE ROLLDOWN EFFECT THAT YOU GET IN BONDS BECOMES A POWERFUL TAILWIND FOR FUTURE RETURNS AND FIXED INCOME. I LIKE RATES. WE HAVE BEEN ADDING TO RATION AROUND THE GLOBE AT THESE LEVELS. ANNMARIE: WHERE ELSE AROUND THE GLOBE? GLOBAL INTEREST RATES HAVE SHOT UP EVERYWHERE. PLACES LIKE THE U.K. AND JAPAN HAVE HIGHER YIELDS ARE BIGGER INCREASES IN YIELDS THAN THE U.S.. THERE ARE POCKETS AROUND THE WORLD, AROUND THE GLOBAL BOND MARKET, ESPECIALLY OUT ON THE CURVE AND TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THESE INCREASINGLY STEEP CURVES WITH THIS ROLLDOWN TO EVALUATE GLOBAL BOND PORTFOLIOS. LISA MADE A POINT EARLIER THAT THE FED JUST LOOK THROUGH ANY TARIFF IMPACT LAST YEAR. COULD THEY LOOK THROUGH WHAT IS GOING ON WHEN IT COMES TO IRAN AND THE INCREASE IN ENERGY PRICES? MICHAEL: THEY SEEM TO BE ONE OF THE CENTRAL BANKS THAT IS LOOKING THROUGH THE MOST. OTHER CENTRAL BANKS GENERALLY, BOTH IN DEVELOPED AND EMERGING MARKETS HAVE STARTED TO TILT MORE HAWKISH, GIVEN THE INCREASE IN ENERGY PRICES AND IN GENERAL THE FED SEES MORE STALWART. THEY MAINTAINED AND EASING BIAS IN THE FACE OF THESE RISING ENERGY PRICES AND INFLATION. THEY ARE LOOKING THROUGH IT. MAYBE THAT IS THE RIGHT THING. WE WENT BACK AND DID A STUDY OF THE LAST FIVE OR SIX DECADES OF OIL PRICE SHOCKS. IN ALMOST EVERY CASE, A YEAR AFTER THE SHOCK INFLATION IS LOWER IN THE FED FUNDS RATE IN MOST CASES WAS LOWER A YEAR LATER. MAYBE THAT IS THE PATH WE END UP GOING DOWN. JONATHAN: YOU WILL STICK WITH US AND WE WILL TALK ABOUT SERIOUS STUFF LIKE PAYROLLS IN FIVE MINUTES. I ALSO BELIEVE YOUR HQ IS ABOUT 15 MINUTES FROM METLIFE STADIUM. WORLD CUP TICKETS. DID PGIM GET SOME? MICHAEL: I AM FOCUSED ON MY NEW YORK KNICKS RIGHT NOW. ANNMARIE: WELL DONE. JONATHAN: I DON'T THINK HE IS ALONE. THE PRESIDENT OF MERRILL WENT TO THE NEXT GAME HE SAID IT FELT LIKE THE WORLD CUP WAS COMING AT HIM. ANNMARIE: TONIGHT THE KNICKS WILL PLAY THE 76ERS. I IMAGINE THERE WILL MORE KNICKS FANS IN PHILADELPHIA THAN PHILADELPHIA FANS. HAVE YOU CHECKED THE PRICES? THE PRICES ARE NOT THAT BAD. IT IS CHEAPER TO GET ON AMTRAK AND WATCH THE GAME IN PHILADELPHIA TO NEW YORK. THE APRIL PAYROLLS REPORT THIS AT THE CROSS. MIKE MCKEE WILL BREAK IT DOWN. WE GET REACTION FROM MIKE COLLINS PLUS FRANCES DONALD OF UBC JOINS US. THIS IS BLOOMBERG. THE REPORT JUST SECONDS AWAY. THE SCORES LOOK LIKE THIS. UP BY .5% ON THE S&P. UP BY .75% ON THE NASDAQ. THE PREVIOUS NUMBER, 178,000. IN THE BOND MARKET, TWOS AT THREE POINT 90%. WITH YOUR JOBS REPORT, MIKE MCKEE ON THE WEST COAST TODAY. GOOD MORNING, MIKE. MIKE: GOOD MORNING. JUST WAITING FOR THE NUMBERS TO DROP. THE MOST IMPORTANT NUMBER IS THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE. 4.3%. NO CHANGE FROM LAST MONTH. THIS REPORT IS PROBABLY NOT GOING TO MAKE A LOT OF WAVES. IN TERMS OF PAYROLLS, 115 THOUSAND, WHICH IS BETTER THAN EXPECTED BUT DOWN FROM A REVISED UP IN THE MONTH OF MARCH. THE TWO HOME FOR MONTH REVISION, WE LOST SOME IN FEBRUARY. CHANGE IN PRIVATE PAYROLLS, 123,000. THAT IS FROM A 190,000 REVISED NUMBER FOR THE LAST MONTH. THE AVERAGE HOURLY EARNINGS, .2%. 3.6% FOR THE ANNUAL RATES. LABOR FORCE PARTICIPATION RATE DROPS TO 61.8%. WHICH SUGGESTS SOMETHING ABOUT THE EMPLOYMENT RATE. I WILL TAKE A LOOK AT THE BREAKDOWN OF THE CATEGORIES WHILE YOU LOOK AT WHETHER THE MARKETS ARE PAYING ATTENTION TODAY. YAHAIRA: WE WILL START -- JONATHAN: WE WILL START WITH EQUITIES. UP 5.6% ON THE S&P. THE SMALL CAPS WITH SOME SLIGHT OUTPERFORMANCE RELATIVE TO THE IN THE BOND MARKET RIGHT NOW, JUST ERASING SOME OF THE MOVES FROM THIS MORNING. HOLDING ON TO .90% ON TWOS TRIPLE DIGITS ON BRENT, 00. WTI RIGHT NOW LIKE $95. POSITIVE BY ABOUT .2%. THAT IS A GOOD JOBS NUMBER. PRIVATE PAYROLLS IS BETTER THAN GOOD. IF YOU LOOK AT THIS FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF RISK ASSETS AND FINANCIAL MARKETS INVESTORS WORLDWIDE RIGHT NOW YOU HAVE GOOD JOB NUMBERS, FANTASTIC AT THE HEADLINE, UNEMPLOYMENT JUST ABOUT ANCHORED, WAGES HAVE NOT RUN AWAY. FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE YOU ARE NOT GOING TO BE THINKING THEY ARE GOING TO BE HIKING ANYTIME SOON. THERE IS NOT THE INFLATIONARY PRESSURE. THE IDEA THAT EARNINGS CAME IN BELOW EXPECTATIONS IN TERMS OF THE INCREASE AND YOU DID SEE AVERAGE HOURS WORKED COME IN PRETTY MUCH IN LINE, JUST UP A LITTLE BIT, GIVES YOU A SENSE THAT THERE IS STABILITY WHEN IT COMES TO THE PRICE PRESSURES AND WAGE INCREASES. THE KEY COMPONENT OF A WAGE-PRICE SPIRAL YOU NEED TO CHANGE IN A MEANINGFUL WAY. THIS IS A LABOR MARKET THAT IS SOLID. GOOD ENOUGH TO HOLD UP SOME OF THE ECONOMIC OPTIMISM BUT NOT RUNNING AWAY IN TERMS OF SOME OF THE INFLATIONARY EXPECTATIONS. JONATHAN: THE DETAILS MATTER. MIKE, WHAT DO YOU SEE? MIKE: AS ALWAYS, HEALTH CARE LEADS THE PACK WITH 7000 JOBS CREATED. THAT IS HIGHER THAN THE 12-MONTH AVERAGE. THAT IS WHERE JOBS ARE THESE DAYS. TRANSPORTATION AND WAREHOUSING INCREASED BY 30,000. WE HAVE CERTAINLY SEEN A LOT OF INCREASE IN PEOPLE BUYING ON THE INTERNET, ETC. THAT IS AN INTERESTING DEVELOPMENT. RETAIL, 22,000. PARTIALLY OFFSET BY JOB LOSSES IN DEPARTMENT STORES, DOWN 7000. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, THE ADMINISTRATION'S EFFORT TO PAIR THINGS BACK HAS CONTINUED. FEDERAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYMENT DECLINED BY 9000 IN APRIL. SINCE OCTOBER 2024 THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYMENT DOWN BY THE HUNDRED 48,000. OR, 11.5%. WE ARE SEEING THE DOGE STUFF WORK OUT. IN TERMS OF WHAT LISA WAS SAYING I WAS TALKING TO A LOT OF FED PEOPLE HERE AT THE HOOVER CONFERENCE LAST NIGHT AND THEY ARE KEEPING AN EYE ON THE AVERAGE HOURLY EARNINGS BECAUSE THEY WANT TO MAKE SURE THE INFLATION WE ARE SEEING IS NOT FEEDING INTO PEOPLE'S PSYCHOLOGY WHERE THEY ARE DEMANDING RAISES. ESPECIALLY WITH A LABOR MARKET LOOSE RIGHT NOW. IT IS RELATIVELY GOOD SITUATION FOR EMPLOYERS. THEY DON'T HAVE TO PAY UP. THE QUESTION HAPPENS WHEN AI TAKES OVER AND PEOPLE LOSE JOBS, WHAT HAPPENS TO INCOMES THEN? THE FED IS GOING TO LOOK AT THIS REPORT AND SAY IT IS NOT INFLATIONARY, AND IT IS, AS LISA SAID, STABLE. JONATHAN: THANK YOU, SIR. THE PERFECT FINANCIAL REPORT FOR MARKETS, IN SOME WAYS. LISA: MAYBE NOT IF YOU WORK IN FINANCIAL SERVICES. IF YOU TAKE A LOOK AT THE BREAKDOWN THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY SAW -11,000 JOBS THAT WERE LOST. IT FOLLOWS 19,000 JOBS LOST IN THE PRIOR READING. YOU ALSO SEE A NEGATIVE RATE FOR INFORMATION. YOU ALSO SEE A NEGATIVE READ FOR SOME OTHER ASPECTS THAT COULD BE MORE TIED TO SOME OF THE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-RELATED PRODUCTIVITY GAINS. WHERE DO YOU SEE THE GAINS? IN THE PHYSICAL THINGS YOU HAVE TO DO LIKE HEALTH CARE AND GOODS-PRODUCING ASPECTS, CONSTRUCTION AS WELL AS LEISURE. INTERESTING TO SEE HOW THIS IS SHAKING OUT. JONATHAN: WE COULD SPEND SOME TIME BENEATH THE SURFACE, BUT 115 THOUSAND PAYROLLS OFF TO A WERE -- AFTER A REALLY STRONG NUMBER THE MONTH BEFORE, I DON'T THINK WE HAVE ESTABLISHED A TREND, BUT WE ARE STARTING TO SEE A CYCLICAL BOUNCE HERE. LISA: IT SEEMS AS THOUGH SMALLER BUSINESSES, THE HEALTH CARE SECTOR, OTHER AREAS ARE STARTING TO PICK UP. ONE OF THE CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO SUSTAIN THAT MOMENTUM IS, AT WHAT POINT WILL THE HIGHER PRODUCER PRICES START TO BITE MORE? JONATHAN: FRANCES DONALD FROM RBC JOINS US NOW. IT IS AN UPSIDE SURPRISE. HOW ENCOURAGING ARE THINGS? FRANCES: WELL, YOU HAVE HEARD ME SAY IT BEFORE. AMERICA NEEDS WORKERS, NOT JOBS. THAT IS SO CLEAR IN TODAY'S APRIL RELEASE. JOB CREATION IS JUST FINE IN AMERICA. IT IS MATCHING WHAT WE ARE SEEING IN LOW JOBLESS CLAIMS, DROPS IN LAYOFFS. WE HAVE MORE THAN ENOUGH JOBS TO LOWER THE RATE OF UNEMPLOYMENT OVER TIME. WE ARE SUBSTANTIALLY ABOVE THAT BREAK RATE. FOR THE LAST DECADE THAT IS WHAT IS WHAT -- WHAT WOULD HAVE MATTERED MOST. IS THE CONSUMER EMPLOY? THAT IS NOT WHAT MATTERS ANYMORE. IT IS, ARE THEY WORKING ENOUGH HOURS? A LITTLE BIT BETTER IN APRIL. AND ARE THEY MAKING ENOUGH MONEY IN THOSE JOBS? WAGE GROWTH DISAPPOINTING HERE AND I'M WATCHING THIS CLOSELY AS WE HEAD INTO AN INFLATIONARY SHOCK. REAL WAGES ARE CLOSE TO ZERO AND COULD GO NEGATIVE. THE STORY HERE IS ONE OF CYCLICAL IMPROVEMENT BUT ALSO ONE OF A LOT OF STRUCTURAL THEMES COMING THROUGH. JONATHAN: ON THE STRUCTURAL THEMES, YOU WOULD EXPECT WAGES TO BE HOTTER THAN THEY ARE. WHEN I HEAR YOU SAY WE ARE LACKING WORKERS, THAT SOUNDS LIKE A LABOR MARKET THAT SHOULD BE TIGHT. WHAT IS GOING WRONG THERE? FRANCES: IT'S NOT GOING WRONG. YOU HAVE WAGE GROWTH OF THE .6% AND MOVING HIGHER. IT IS A STRUCTURAL THEME THAT WILL EVOLVE OVER TIME. THERE IS ALSO A SECTORAL ISSUE. I'M SEEING THE MOST HALF OF THIS JOB GROWTH IS ONCE AGAIN IN HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION. IN THE PAST YEAR IF YOU TAKE OUT HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION FROM THE SYSTEM, CYCLICAL PRIVATE PAYROLLS ARE GOING NEGATIVE. WE HEAR A LOT ABOUT THIS NO HIGHER, NO FIRE ZONE. THAT IS TRUE IN AGGREGATE BUT NOT BY SECTOR. THERE IS PLENTY OF HIRING IN EDUCATION AND PLENTY OF FIRING IN TRADE-RELATED SECTORS. LOOKING AT THAT AGGREGATE AND SAYING THAT IS TRUE FOR EVERYBODY'S NOT THE CASE. I WILL HIGHLIGHT ONCE AGAIN IS DOWN AGAIN. HAS BEEN DECLINING SINCE 2001 AND GETTING WORSE, NOT BETTER. LITTLE BIT OF WAGE GROWTH IS HERE BUT THIS IS GOING TO BE THE ISSUE IN THE NEXT ONE TO THREE YEARS IN AMERICA. CAN YOU FIND THE RIGHT WORKERS? AND WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO PAY TO GET THEM? LISA: HOW MUCH ARE YOU WATCHING IN REAL TIME THE SHIFT FROM WHITE COLLAR TO OTHER JOBS, WHETHER IT IS IN MANUFACTURING AND CONSTRUCTION OR IN EDUCATION AND HEALTH CARE? FRANCES: WE TALK TO CLIENTS ABOUT THIS ENDLESSLY BECAUSE WHAT WE HIGHLIGHT TO THEM IS AS A GROWING SHARE OF JOBS OUR CYCLICALITY OF YOUR JOB MARKETS STARTS TO DECLINE. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON'T SEE CYCLICALITY IN HEALTH CARE EMPLOYMENT. IF THERE IS A RECESSION YOU DON'T SEE A MEANINGFUL DECLINE. THAT SORT OF BREAKS THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN PRIVATE-SECTOR CYCLICAL WEAKNESS AND THE JOB MARKET. IT ALSO MEANS IT IS LESS LIKELY TO SPREAD TO THE ECONOMY THEN THAN IT HAS BEFORE. THE DOWNSIDE OF THAT IS THAT YOU DO NOT TEND TO SEE THE SAME LARGE PRODUCTIVITY INCREASES. YOU DON'T SEE THE SAME GDP NUMBERS YOU START TO SEE BIG PRIVATE SECTOR ENGAGEMENT. EFFECTIVELY WHAT THIS MEANS IS AS THE JOB MARKET MOVES TOWARD MORE GOVERNMENT ROLES YOU END UP WITH A FLOOR UNDER GROWTH BUT ALSO A CEILING. THAT IS THE KEY TAKE AWAY FROM THESE BIG STRUCTURAL TRENDS. THE WAY WE LOOK AT THESE NUMBERS, I'VE BEEN ON THE SHOW FOR A DECADE, IT'S GOING TO HAVE TO CHANGE. LISA: HOW MUCH DOES THIS UNDERSCORED THE DIFFICULT DECISION THE FEDERAL RESERVE HAS TO MAKE BECAUSE THEY DON'T INFLUENCE THE JOBS YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT THAT MUCH ONE WAY OR ANOTHER? THEY DO, HOWEVER, POTENTIALLY INFLUENCE FINANCIAL CONDITIONS LEADING TO SOME OF THE OPTIMISM IN AREAS LIKE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. FRANCES: YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW WHY IT WOULD BE A DIFFICULT DECISION, ALTHOUGH CLEARLY THERE IS SOME ANGST IN THE FEDERAL RESERVE. WHERE IS THE DATA THAT WOULD SUGGEST EASING IS NECESSARY? WHAT PROBLEM ARE WE TRYING TO SOLVE? THERE IS JOB CREATION, A VERY TIGHT LABOR MARKET, UNDERLYING TRENDS OF INFLATION ARE HEADING UP, WHERE IT IS NOT DOWNWARDS. THERE IS STILL A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF HEAT UNDER THIS ECONOMY AND THE RISK NOW IN THE LAST MONTH, WE ARE SEEING LABOR MARKET INDICATORS PICKING UP NOT OF DISINFLATION OR NEEDING TO EASE TO CORRECT FOR SOME GROWTH DOWNTURN BUT ACTUALLY HAVING TO BE VERY COGNIZANT OF THE UPSIDE RISKS. NO LONGER JUST FOR INFLATION BUT FOR THE ECONOMY AS WELL. EVERY MONTH WE PUT OUT A REPORT AND WHAT IS THE RISK TO OUR BASE CASE? THE RISK FOR GROWTH IS NOW TILTED UPWARDS. THAT IS REALLY DISJOINTED FROM THE ONGOING NARRATIVE THAT THERE IS WEAKNESS IN THE JOB MARKET AND THERE COULD BE RECESSION CONCERNS COMING. WE JUST DON'T SEE IT. JONATHAN: ALWAYS GOOD TO CATCH UP. IT IS NOT AN ARGUMENT FOR RATE HIKE RIGHT NOW BUT CERTAINLY NOT AN ARGUMENT FOR HOLDING AN EASING BIAS EITHER. LISA: THIS IS A SOLID LABOR MARKET. IT MAY NOT BE THE LABOR GROWTH THAT INDICATES SOME SORT OF CYCLICAL UPTURN SOME PEOPLE WOULD LIKE. NONETHELESS, IT IS A SOLID. IF YOU WANT A JOB IF YOU ARE WILLING TO BE FLEXIBLE ABOUT WHERE YOU LOOK FOR IT YOU CAN FIND ONE. THAT SAID, IS THIS A FED THAT IS LOOKING FOR A BROADER-BASED PARTICIPATION IN SOME OF THE OTHER SECTORS TOO? AND WILL THAT BECAUSE OF SOME OF THESE SECTORS TO INCREASE JOBS OR IS THIS A STRUCTURAL SHIFT? JONATHAN: I SHOULD CLARIFY. WHAT I MEAN IS WE ARE NOT SEEING AN UPSIDE SURPRISE ON WAGES RELATIVE TO GAINS THAT WOULD GENERATE THAT UPSIDE SURPRISE. LISA: THIS IS THE REASON WHY YOU COULD SAY THIS IS NOT GOING TO LEAD TO INFLATIONARY PRESSURES. IF YOU WERE A DOVE ON THE FEDERAL RESERVE YOU COULD SAY, ACTUALLY AS FRANCES DONALD WAS TALKING ABOUT, YOU ARE NOT GETTING REAL WAGES INCREASING. THEY ARE GOING TO GO NEGATIVE GIVEN THE FACT THAT INFLATION IS SURPASSING THAT IN CERTAIN CONSUMER GOODS. THAT COULD LEAD TO DISINFLATION. POSSIBLY WITH THE LIKES OF MCDONALD'S -- WITH THE LIKES OF MCDONALD'S AND SHAKE SHACK ARE SEEING. JONATHAN: LIKE, YOU ARE GOING THROUGH THE NUMBERS. WHAT WAS YOUR REACTION WHEN YOU SAW THAT? >> THIS LOCKS IN THE STALEMATE AT THE FED. THAT THEY ARE ON HOLD HERE INDEFINITELY. LISA, AS YOU POINTED OUT, THERE ARE SOME WHIFFS OF THE AI PRODUCTIVITY STORY, AND ACTUALLY WAGE DISINFLATION. IN THESE DATA, RIGHT? WE HAD SEEN WAGES START TO GO BACK UP AND I DON'T SEE THAT. SINCE THEY PEAKED IN COVERT WAGE GROWTH HAS BEEN IN A DISINFLATIONARY TREND, AND THAT CONTINUES TODAY I'M A RIGHT? SO, MAYBE IT IS A SHIFT IN THE LABOR MIX FROM HIGHER-PAYING WHITE COLLAR, TECH, AND INVESTMENT JOBS. YOU KNOW, TO HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION. BUT YOU ARE SEEING DISINFLATION ON THE WAGES TOY. AS A WHOLE THIS LABOR MARKET PICTURE IS NOT INFLATION. IT IS NOT ADDING TO THE INFLATIONARY STORY. IT IS THE OTHER THINGS LIKE ENERGY AND SUPPLY SHORTAGES THAT ARE CAUSING THE INFLATION, AND THOSE ARE THINGS THE FED CANNOT CONTROL, RIGHT? THEY CAN CONTROL THE DEMAND SIDE, NOT THE SUPPLY SIDE. IF ANYTHING, MAYBE THIS IS MORE FUEL TO THE FIRE FOR SOMEONE LIKE WARSH, WHO CAN SAY YOU ARE SEEING THE PRODUCTIVITY COME THROUGH. YOU ARE NOT SEEING WAGE PRESSURES AT ALL. ULTIMATELY HE CAN SWAY A COUPLE OTHER MEMBERS TO CUT RATES. DID YOU LOOK ACROSS THE CURVE? TO USE, TENS, 30'S? GIVEN EVERYTHING YOU HAVE SAID THIS MORNING, THIS NUMBER IS NOT GOING TO CHANGE. IT MIGHT ENCOURAGE IT. WHERE IS THE OPPORTUNITY ACROSS THE CURVE RIGHT NOW? MICHAEL: IT IS IN THAT BELLY, INSIDE THE YIELD CURVE HERE. THAT FIVE TO 10 YEAR PART IS WHERE WE ARE LONG. BASICALLY FIVE TO 20 YEAR PART OF THE CURVE IS WHERE WE ARE OVERWEIGHT. THE STEEPER PART OF THE CURVE THAT IS UPWARD SLOPING AND LOOKS LIKE THERE IS A LOT OF VALUE THERE. JONATHAN: MIKE COLLINS OF PGIM. IF YOU ARE JUST JOINING US, A SOLID 115,000 ON PAYROLLS. WAGES, A BIT SOFTER THAN EXPECTED MONTH OVER MONTH, AND UNEMPLOYMENT SO FAR PRETTY STABLE. LISA: WE CANNOT OVERSTATE ENOUGH HOW MUCH THIS IS AN ECONOMY IN TRANSITION ON MULTIPLE FRONTS. THESE NUMBERS HAVE VERY DIFFERENT MEANINGS WHEN YOU DIG UNDER THE SURFACE AND UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS A SHIFT TO JOBS THAT PREVIOUSLY WERE LARGELY TAKEN BY IMMIGRANTS AND PEOPLE TAKING OVER THOSE JOBS AND OTHER AREAS SEEING MORE AI DISRUPTION. A REALLY INTERESTING MOMENT. JONATHAN: THINGS CAN CHANGE. RIGHT NOW SESSION HIGHS, A BULLISH TAKE ON THIS JOBS MARKET. .6% HIGHER ON THE S&P. WITH YOUR BLOOMBERG BRIEF, CAPPING YOUR JOBS REPORT, NONFARM PAYROLLS COMING IN WELL ABOVE ESTIMATES FOR APRIL WITH 115 THOUSAND JOBS ADDED IN THE VERSUS ACCIDENTS -- ESTIMATES FOR 65,000. THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE HOLDING STEADY AT 4.3%. UNEMPLOYMENT RATE HOLDING SOME STATES TO VACATE. THE MOVE COMING MONTHS AFTER THE SUPREME COURT STRUCK DOWN TRUMP'S OTHER TARIFFS DONE UNDER EMERGENCY POWERS. THE U.S. AWAITING RESPONSE FROM IRAN ON ITS PEACE DEAL PROPOSAL. MARCO RUBIO SAYS HE IS CONFIDENT THE RESPONSE IS COMING SOON. >> WE ARE EXPECTING A RESPONSE TODAY AT SOME POINT. WE HAVE NOT RECEIVED AT THAN THE LAST HOUR BUT PERHAPS THAT WILL COME. THE SYSTEM IS STILL HIGHLY FRACTURED AND DYSFUNCTIONAL SO THAT MAY BE SERVING AS AN IMPEDIMENT. I HOPE IT IS A SERIOUS OFFER. GET IRAN'S FOREIGN MINISTER WRITING "IRANIAN NEVER BOW TO PRESSURE." THANKS FOR THIS MORNING. UP NEXT, JEFF ROSENBERG OF BLACKROCK BREAKING DOWN THE LATEST JOBS REPORT. COREWEAVE SINKING ON A DISAPPOINTING OUTLOOK. DOWN 7% IN THE PREMARKET. >> AMERICA NEEDS WORKERS, NOT JOBS. AMERICA, IT IS BACKED WHAT WE ARE SEEING WITH LOW JOBLESS CLAIMS, DROPS AND LAYOFFS. FRANCES DONALD OF RBC COME UPSIDE SURPRISE ON PAYROLLS. EQUITIES OFF SESSION HIGHS. ON THE NASDAQ UP .9%. THE CASH OPEN ABOUT 40 MINUTES WITH YOUR MORNING MOVERS HERE IS DANI BURGER. DANI: IT HAS BEEN A ROUGH MORNING FOR WHAT HAS BEEN THE POSTER CHILD FOR PEERS ARRAY I SPENDING. COREWEAVE FIRST QUARTER BEATS -- THEIR ESTIMATE ON WHAT THEY WILL SPEND ON CAPEX HAS RAISED. AT THE LOW END THEY SEE $31 BILLION. THE TOP END OF THE RANGE WOULD BE $35 BILLION FOR THE YEAR. THOSE SHARES FALLING 6.7%. BLOCK REPORTING EARNINGS, SEEING A SUNNIER OUTLOOK, SAYING ALL THE JOB CUTS THEY ANNOUNCED, WHILE PAINFUL ARE NECESSARY AND ARE PAYING OFF AND SAY WE WILL START TO SEE THAT PAY DIVIDENDS IN THE SECOND QUARTER. SHARES UP 9.5%. THE LAST ROUND OF EARNINGS COMING FROM MONSTER, SHARES UP 8.3%. J.P. MORGAN UPGRADES THEIR PRICE TARGET. OUR ANALYSTS NOTE IT HAS BEEN A STRONG MARKET FOR ENERGY DRINKS. CELSIUS REPORTED EARNINGS YESTERDAY THAT WERE ALSO STRONG. THE MARKET FOR ENERGY DRINKS IS STRONG. JONATHAN: DOES THIS MORNING A CELSIUS MORNING? ANNMARIE: IT IS ONCE IN A WHILE. JONATHAN: AFTER A PARTY NIGHT. ANNMARIE: WHICH IS LIKE TWICE A YEAR. OR A KNICKS GAME. JONATHAN: DANI WILL BE CATCHING UP WITH KEVIN HASSETT. THE VIEW FROM THE WHITE HOUSE JUST AROUND THE CORNER. APRIL PAYROLLS REPORT SHOWING THE FIRST BACK TO BACK MONTHLY GAMES IN NEARLY A YEAR. JEFFREY ROSENBERG OF BLACKROCK JOINS US FOR MORE. YOUR FIRST TAKE ON THAT JOBS REPORT? JEFFREY: IT IS THE HEADLINE BETWEEN THE BETTER-THAN-EXPECTED PAYROLL NUMBER AND WEAKER ON THE INCOME SIDE. THAT TRADE-OFF IS PUTTING THE FIRST REACTION A LITTLE BIT MORE TOWARDS THE DISINFLATION THIS IS ALL VERY MUCH ON THE MARGIN BUT THAT IS THE TAKE FROM THE PAYROLL REPORT. NOT A HUGE CHANGE IN TERMS OF INFORMATION. I THINK MIKE COLLINS OF PGIM SAID IT WELL. THIS MAINTAINS THE STATUS QUO. THE MARKET IS PRICING THAT. I DO NOT THINK THIS CHANGES THAT STORY. IF ANYTHING THERE IS A STORY COMING OUT A LITTLE BIT ON THE MARGIN. THE WEAKNESS ON THE INCOME SIDE. LISA: YOU THINK GOING FORWARD PAYROLLS REPORT WILL BE LESS RELEVANT TO RISK APPETITE GOING FORWARD AS WE SEEM TO BE SEEING THIS MORNING? JEFFREY: IT IS BECAUSE WHAT IS THE DOMINANT THEME THAT IS DRIVING ALL THINGS IN THESE MARKETS? WHETHER YOU ARE A MACRO PLAYER OR A MICRO PLAYER, THE STORY IS NOT SO MUCH TRADITIONAL MACRO ECONOMICS. MACRO ECONOMICS HAVE BEEN TAKEN OVER BY THE AI THEME. WHEN WE LOOK AT THE GDP STATISTICS AND SPENDING, IT IS LESS ABOUT THE CONSUMPTION THAT IS MOVING AND MUCH MORE ABOUT THE CAPITAL EXPENDITURES. WE KNOW THAT STORY IS MUCH MORE ABOUT AI. WHEN YOU LOOK AT FINANCIAL MARKETS IT IS MUCH MORE ABOUT THE IMPACT OF AI. PAYROLLS ARE IMPORTANT. THEY ARE A BIG SUMMARY MEASURE BUT THERE IS A LOT OF DISPERSION GOING ON. YOU TALKED ABOUT IT IN THE EARLY SEGMENTS. WHAT YOU SEE IN THE PAYROLLS REPORT IS EDUCATION AND HEALTH CARE, THAT IS AN IMPACT. WHAT WE ARE SEEING AND FINANCIAL MARKETS, BOTH MACRO AND MICRO IS MUCH MORE ABOUT THIS AI THEME. LISA: DO YOU AGREE WITH KEVIN WARSH THAT AI IS MORE DISINFLATIONARY THAN INFLATIONARY? JEFFREY: THERE IS A LONG HISTORY OF TECHNOLOGY BEING DISINFLATIONARY. MOST OF THAT HAS BEEN ON THE GOOD SIDE. NOW WHAT WE ARE SEEING, AND THIS IS THE DEBATE, AS THIS TECHNOLOGY IS ABOUT THE SERVICES. IT IS NOT HITTING THAT DIRECTLY BECAUSE IT IS ABOUT THE PHYSICAL INFRASTRUCTURE, WHETHER WE ARE TALKING ABOUT CHIPS OR DATA CENTERS OR ENERGY. IT IS ALL COMING TO THE SERVICE SIDE OF THE ECONOMY. THIS IS THE BIG UNCERTAINTY ABOUT WHAT IMPACT DOES THAT HAVE. IT RAISES PRODUCTIVITY AND IS ULTIMATELY GOOD FOR WAGES. THE TRANSITION EFFECTS ARE UNKNOWN. HOW QUICKLY DOES IT HAPPEN AND WHAT IS THE IMPACT IN TERMS OF DO YOU DO MORE WITH WHAT YOU HAVE OR DO YOU DO THE SAME WITH A LOT LESS? THAT IMPACT CAN HAVE A MUCH SHORTER RUN IMPACT IN TERMS OF WAGES AND WAGE INFLATION WHICH IS WHERE WE MAY SEE THAT AI IMPACT FIRST. JONATHAN: THANK YOU AS ALWAYS. FOLLOWING A DECENT JOBS REPORT. THE NEXT STOP FOR THIS MARKET IS IRAN AND THE RESPONSE TO THE PROPOSAL MADE BY THE U.S. EARLIER THIS WEEK. THE SECRETARY MR. RUBIO MENTIONED IN A BRIEFING WE SHOULD BE GETTING THAT RESPONSE LATER TODAY. LISA: DOES IT CONTINUE TO DE-ESCALATE AND LEAD US TOWARDS A SENSE WE ARE HEADING TOWARDS A RESOLUTION? IF YOU HAVE INFLATIONARY PRESSURES COMING FROM ENERGY COSTS, YOU HAVE INFLATIONARY PRESSURES FROM THE BUILDOUT OF AI YOU HAVE DISINFLATIONARY PRESSURES FROM PEOPLE'S WAGES IF THEY ARE NOT KEEPING UP WITH THE LEVEL OF INFLATION, IS THAT A GOOD THING OR A BAD THING? IS THAT INFLATIONARY OR SOMETHING THAT IS PROBLEMATIC? JONATHAN: THE LESS YOU KNOW. I WILL GO BACK TO THAT PLACE OF OBLIVION. ANNMARIE: ABOUT THE FACT THAT IT HAS BEEN SUCH A FRACTURED REGIME , THAT IS WHAT MARCO RUBIO IS TALKING THE SYSTEM IS HIGHLY FRACTURED AND DYSFUNCTIONAL AND THAT MAY BE SERVING AS AN IMPEDIMENT AS TO WHY IT IS TAKING SO LONG TO RESPOND. IT ALSO MAY MEAN THEY DO NOT KNOW HOW TO RESPOND BECAUSE OUR OWN CIA INTELLIGENCE SAYS THEY CAN WITHSTAND THIS BLOCKADE FOR ANOTHER THREE OR FOUR MONTHS, THAT IS THE ENTIRE SUMMER OF THE UNITED STATES. JONATHAN: ON MONDAY SARAH HUNT, NORMAN ROULE, JAMES STEEL OF HSBC. THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING BLOOMBERG TV. TO ALL OF THE MOMS THAT MAKE THE WORLD GO ROUND, HAVE A WONDERFUL MOTHER'S DAY. THIS WAS "BLOOMBERG SURVEILLANCE."

  Top Comments:
  1. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Pour être sûr je cais l'appeler a hobital Hotel Dieu qui est suprime en reste pour nous c'est a dire son sida de transsexuelle à hotel Dieu pour nous passe juste paris hobital paris plus soiniote que le hotel Dieu
  2. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: C'est qui habité à paris ya chanelle de Paris la sayeroise qui est linda la sayeroise sa fille sayeroise de sayeroise qui est sayeroise naime ka sayeroise qui est gache son ami le sayerois qui devient sayerois amed et lui ne aime pas la passionte quand en lui parle
  3. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Naime me parle L'inshallah ne ne pas compris de tkt et je ne je ne  compris pour habite à Paris je ne pas compris si je comprends peu elle a un ami qui habite à Paris je ne pas compris
  4. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Quand je leur parle Ridèlle de la terre eux refuse et dit font quelque de ciel pour la terre
  5. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Comme si elle me connaît Ridèlle de jésus pour qu'elle m'attrape
  6. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Donc c'est moi sa urgence foule elle se prends de quoi
  7. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: Naime est au urgence on prend soin de lui et je suis occupe et elle dit que elle est pas en securite
  8. @bhjb6384 [1 likes]: The Virginia Supreme Court decision today is a lear move toward dictatorship. American democracy is officially 💀 just short of its 250th anniversary.
  9. @JuperneleNgoma [1 likes]: J été dans le bus avec des bruits des gens et le amed ma appelé et dit à sa femme naïmé que je te dans le tramway et naime viens de me rendre jalouse c'est que sa son mari à dit de moi alors que elle même ma dit je dois faire ces que je veux parce que je les montir et elle me écrit encore je ne sais quoi
  10. @daniel-tl5sh: They played the trump “we blew them away! 🤓☝🏼” quote four times in half an hour 😭
  11. @pavelklofac5638: Qualcomm 💶 💶 💶 💶 💶 
Late last year, the U.S. government secured massive contracts in Saudi Arabia for Qualcomm and other companies. So, aside from China, good times are ahead for Qualcomm.
  12. @AdnanaliMagan2025: Well actually but you should have a good
  13. @BurttramEdmund: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  14. @AdnanaliMagan2025: Well actually but you can open the shopping centre and supper market to be a good so you can open open the hotel and restaurant inoder to drink a coffee and vegetables and chicken and eggs and some things else which I can't conclude in this short time that is good so you can open the stores inoder to pay the suger and floor and oils for it to you and your future that is good so you should buy the clothes to be a good so you can buy the iPhone for it to you and your future that is good so you can buy the lordcars for you to be a good so you can buy the car in your future that is good so you can buy the electric viecle for you to be a good so you can buy the beyond that you have a good so you can pay the storms in your life with you and your future that is good so you can pay the telecommunications costs for you to be a good so tracking to be a good so you can buy the jewellery in your future that is good so you can buy the sports stuff for you to be a good so you can buy the stake on it for you to be a good so you can buy the fishing in your future that is good so you can pay the tobacco and get it done and get a good so you can buy the house for you and your future that is good so you can buy the tickets for you to be a good so the honey is very good

- Stop Tracking Sales Manually! 🛑 Best Free Offline POS for Small Business 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Thinking about tracking your sales, but don't want to pay for a subscription? Running a shop without a POS in 2026 is actually embarrassing. Do better. Open POSOS. It's free. It's offline. Track your stock. Log your bills. Stop guessing if you're profitable and actually see the data. Look at that. Real analytics. Open POSOS. Get organized or stay mid. The choice is yours.