- My Entire YouTube Studio on One Desk!: Kind: captions Language: en this is my entire YouTube studio all on one desk from here I can record talking head videos shoot tabletop b-roll for product reviews and even capture thumbnails all without ever changing the setup so in this video I'll walk you through the gear I chose how to put it together and demonstrate its various uses for Content creation now I've been making videos in this space for about 6 years now and one of the biggest challenges I faced is constantly setting up and tearing down equipment for different shots and after years of experimenting with different setups I finally decided to build this all-in-one solution that allows me to make videos in less time with less friction and I thought I would share this all with you so to kick things off let's go over the gear I chose for this build at the heart of the setup is the desk and I use the motorized sit stand desk from flexi spot which is perfect for standing up or sitting down when you're recording your video this is the 48x 24 in version which provides plenty of room for filming top down b-roll while still allowing you to move around there's also a 40-in version that you could use if you want to save space and will work just as well I decided to pick up these wheels also made by flexi spot and that allows me to move the desk around my bedroom for different setups or I can roll it back against the wall to keep things tidy there are several different surface options you can choose from I chose the White surface because it not only gives a clean look for my Boll but it also reflects the light well acting as a natural fill light for my videos from here we're going to be attaching a bunch unch of different gear and one thing I wanted to do is have a power solution to power all my different equipment so I decided to pick up this power strip and screw it onto the bottom of the desk and now I have a bunch of different outlets for powering my camera equipment I also purchased these cable trays to keep everything organized in a setup like this it's definitely good to have cable management to keep your workspace clean this desk comes with this handy headphone holders which can be used to keep extra cords organized or in my case I can use it to hold my video light control box for the video light I'm using my old aperture 120d it's plenty bright for this setup and I love that I can control it with this remote unfortunately the 120d is not available new but you could use something like the amaran 60ds which will work quite well my go-to for soft lighting is this 36in softbox but this setup was much too deep and would stick out onto the desk after some shopping I found the softbox made by godox which is about half the depth of a traditional softbox but provides the same level of softness thanks to its width and its layers of diffusion attaching the light to the desk can be tricky if you use a basic light stand it will stick far into the desk but luckily I found this really cool desk magic arm made by raw it allows you to position the light away from the desk to get into the perfect position it's kind of pricey at $70 but it's worth it in my opinion so that way I could get my light exactly where I want it next let's talk about the camera rig which is made by teron who are actually sponsoring today's video I was in the middle of building this setup when they reached out with their camera desk Rigs and I'm glad they did because I think this is the perfect option I've used other rigs in the past but unfortunately they would be a bit wobbly these however are Rock Solid thanks to its sturdy base and it allows plenty of flexibility for mounting your camera it comes with everything you need including a desk Mount extension column arm ball head and even this iPad Mount they could use to attach a tablet or your phone to this rig in order to mount this rig to your desk simply slide it on then turn the two tightening knobs until it's secure from here we can add our camera arm and lock it in place then we can attach the camera to the included ball head and secure it now the camera I've been using recently is the Sony zve E10 Mark II it's great for this build because it's lightweight and has excellent image quality and autofocus for filming YouTube videos the lens I have paired with it is the sigma 16 f1.4 which gives you a very wide field of view and at f1.4 it lets in a ton of light and has a shallow depta field to separate you from the background in order to power the camera I picked up this dummy power adapter for around $25 this is crucial because it allows me to shoot continuously without worrying about battery life which is especially useful for long filming sessions moving on to the second camera angle I wanted an overhead setup that I could use for filming unboxings and b-roll for my videos you could use a stand and boom your camera above to get that overhead look however for this build I really wanted everything on one desk so I decided to use this heavyduty articulating camera arm also made by teron which has these flexible gear joints for allowing you to adjust the camera into the perfect position it can support about 6.6 lb in this horizontal configuration which is plenty for our use and I love that these neural joints help lock the camera so it doesn't sag and it doesn't shake too much now instead of using the included desk Mount you can conveniently attach it to the top of our previous rig to save on space this adds height to the overall setup and allows the arm to move out so we have more range for positioning the camera for the overhead camera I'm using the Sony Z10 mark1 and while it's not as nice as the Mark I it offers good enough image quality for overhead b-roll especially when it's properly exposed and the lens I'm using with it is the sigma 1850 f2.8 which is a tiny lightweight lens that gives me the flexibility to change up the framing I love this lens because it is super sharp and allows for crazy minimum Focus distance so you can get really close up on products again I have a dummy battery powering the camera and I have an HDMI cable coming from the camera to this external monitor so I can make sure my image is framed up properly and I can see what I'm filming without having to look up at the camera the monitor that I'm using is the OC G7 which is a 7-in camera Monitor and that is attached to to the center column of this desk rig with a friction arm now this monitor may be a little overkill for the setup but I already had it in my kit you could go with something like a 5-in camera monitor but I do find that the larger display is nice since you are a few feet away for audio you could use something like a wireless mic so that way you can roam around freely but I actually prefer to have everything ready to go so I decided to mount a boom microphone to this rig the microphone I decided to use is the Road video mic goto which at $100 it sounds pretty decent it's also extremely lightweight which is perfect for a setup like this in order to mount this to the rig I simply used a friction arm and this cold shoe adapter and then clamp that onto the overhead rig then you can connect this to your camera through the microphone Jack now you could just Mount this to the overhead rig which is actually kind of nice or you could run a 3.5 mm extension cable all the way into the main camera angle as long as you're recording with both it shouldn't matter which camera you're connected to and with that the rig is complete this is what it looks and what it sounds like and again this setup is on Wheels so I can move this around my space change it up get different backgrounds all without ever having to change anything directly on this setup now there are a few different configurations you can use this for so let's quickly go through a few different options number one is talking head video so just as I'm doing right now I can talk to the camera I got my nice soft lighting right here my microphone is perfectly in place so all I got to do is Step Up press record and I am good to go of course this is a sit stand desk so I could do this standing like I'm doing now or I could sit down if I want a more relaxed Vibe the second setup is an overhead setup so a lot of times I'm doing product reviews or unboxings and I just want an overhead setup that's very clean very minimal so right here we have just a nice white look I have my little color Checker right there but let's say I wanted to review a lens or so can move this out of the way and just have that perfectly it's autofocusing so I don't have to worry about that I can just work from here grab the different shots I need I could even throw in different props here in the corner and here we go it adds just a little bit more interest while still having a clean look one thing that I enjoy using are these vinyl desk mats so you can get these in different sizes but this just adds a whole new vibe to your video If you're looking for an extra pop of color again if I just had that same setup as before this just adds a whole new look to the video and these desk matks are pretty inexpensive in a great way to change up the look of your video and because I'm using a zoom lens I can actually change up the framing so if I want to zoom in I can get an even tighter look like this or I can go a bit wider if I have a larger product and I can just frame it up just how I see fit I just love that flexibility so I have to worry about raising or lowering the camera and again the Sigma lens has super close minimum Focus distance so like right there this is crazy it's just a few inches from the camera but in Focus so that just adds to the versatility of what you can do with this setup number three is multicamera because we have our aoll camera and our overhead camera we can actually hit record on both and let's say I'm filming a video and I want to show show you a product well I can do so without ever having to later film in the b-roll clip and insert it in I can just present it live which is super cool and helps speed up your workflow this matte in particular has color on both sides so I could have orange or this lighter pale green on the other side which just kind of adds a little bit of different options depending on what you're filming what color scheme you're going for number four is you can add a laptop to the setup for even more versatility so go ahead and grab your laptop grab an HDMI capture card that way we can connect our cable through the HDMI and into our computer once it's all connected your laptop will recognize your computer as a webcam that means you can have your top-notch video your lighting your audio as your main webcam which is fantastic if you are streaming or let's say you're doing a zoom call this setup will work perfectly for that the fifth way we can use the setup is for what I call tabletop film making if you watch watch any of my videos before typically I'm filming on a white surface filming cameras or other Gear with the wall or background just behind it and because we smartly mounted our camera rig and our lights off to the side we have a little over 3 ft where we can actually just film a nice clean look for our product b-roll because we have a nice large surface and it's on Wheels we can imagine this whole setup being a pseudo tripod you can grab a little tabletop tripod Mount your camera wheel this around your studio and if you're filming something that's not on the table you can get some really cool looks of course this desk is motorized so you could even use this as a dolly or some kind so really cool stuff you can do with this if you get creative one of my favorite little tools I've been playing around recently is this tiny cheap slider it's a motorized slider so I could simply move around put my camera on the slider and have some really Dynamic shots and with this you can just imagine how quickly you're able to capture footage that's really high quality fast and simple so for example let's say you're filming something that's big and does not fit on the table you can simply rotate your light around you can adjust the camera height with the desk because it's motorized pop on your camera on a little motorized slider and in just a few adjustments you can capture some really Dynamic movement really fast and simply one thing that takes up more more time than I realize when I'm making videos is grabbing Simple and Clean thumbnails and I so excited to have this kind of implemented in this rig so that way I could speed up that part of the YouTube content creation process so because we have our camera we already have the good lighting all we got to do is just find a nice clean back wall turn on the light turn on the camera and snap a few photos with some different poses holding up a product and with that I can remove the wall and post replace it with something really cool and in just a matter of a few minutes you can grab several different options all with this setup which is super nice to have and once we're done for the day we can simply roll this whole setup into a corner when it's not in use to keep things nice and clean in your space all right so I calculated the total cost of this setup and it comes out to around $900 minus the cameras in lenses which honestly sounds like a lot at first but once you break it down that's only $3 to $350 for the table the wheels the organizer the rigs the power cables if you wanted to achieve the same setup traditionally you'd have to buy tripods lightstands and a bunch of other rigging things so you're still spending around $200 to $300 and that's not even the most high quality gear and don't forget you still need to buy the items like the lights the microphone the camera monitor once we break it down like that it's only about about $1 to $200 more to get this result and it's a low footprint and it saves you just so much time overall I am very pleased with this desk setup it has significantly changed my workflow allows me to shoot faster without compromising on the kinds of shots I'm wanting to achieve let me know in the comments down below if you plan on making one and if you're looking to improve your film making this year then be sure to check out this video right here thank you so much for watching and I'll catch you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @quicksite [186 likes]: Phenomenally great job. I was mentally calculating as I watched just ow much effort went into this video. 
1) You had to have already spent a considerable amount of time figuring out and testing the componentry of the whole setup, 
2) You had to have spent a lot of time setting up your own v1, v2, v3 assemblages of the components and testing the overall usability of the very parts that you spec'd while researching the rig -- in essence doing your proof of concept assurances that your original picks in fact performed as you were originally imagining. 
3) You obviously went through rounds of tweaks in how all the components were mounted, testing camera shots, lighting configurations, sound quality, and your whole workflow to produce and post-produce sample content. 
4) Only after doing all the above, you then needed to write the script for this video. It is all so perfectly presented, so fluid in its wording and presentation that you clearly put a lot of time into writing it, both in outlining the components of the video, and the sequencing of how you might communicate and present all of the pieces you wanted to illustrate. 
5) You went through multiple edits of the script, timing out how much run time would be required, figuring out better/best juxtapositions of the content to present
6) You broke down the script into shot lists and spatially configuring in your mind all the angles and how to compose them in relation to the room and your existing furnishings.
7) You obviously did many test shots to practice and execute the various visuals you'd already spec'd, to optimize the look and feel of how you were illustrating the elements, and testing sound quality.
8)  You probably did some test edits of combining shots to see how they were resulting in fluid sequences, and tweaking audio where needed.
9)  Then came shooting.
10)  I cannot hazard a guess at how many hours this required. Theoretically it could have all been shot in one day, but I rather doubt that's all it took.  Because again as part of the trial and error and tweaking on the fly, you probably did retakes and probably a few reshoots changing up/tweaking the actual camera/zoom/angles etc.
11)  Rough editing - probably a few days
12)  EFX/ GFX / changing/swapping in & out different B-roll illustration elements
13)  Sound sweetening
14)  Youtube upload workflow including thumbnail, video title, description, the actual upload
15)  Adding/ pulling in your marketing elements into description ... Watching and evaluating the whole video, perhaps making some final tweaks, possibly using YT's built-in editor, possibly re-uploading a minorly changed version. I actually don't recall if there was any music in bg, i think not, but maybe there was and it was just handled so well that I wasn't even aware of there being any music at all.
16)  Publishing the video

That's a tremendous amount of work and effort, and throughout any of the above articulated elements, lesser-talented people may have created/produced lesser results.  Grateful that there are none of the hallmark cutesy little asides or clever little insertions intended as comic relief. That stuff is always so groan-worthy, and so it's great to see really clean, really pro, really accompished production and presentation without any of those telltale B-level, C and D-level content creator detractions.

I've never seen your channel before. I happened upon this in the right hand related video column, and quite honestly the subject matter was so compelling, and the thumbnail promised something of high quality, well-thought-out and not any click-bait to grab my attention but ultimately waste my time where I then feel like a fool for falling for the usual clickbaity failed-promise, failure to deliver the goods.  I am happy to say that watching your video was fascinating and effortless -- which I know can only mean there was a tremendous amount of effort invested in by you the creator. ....  I was so impressed that I didn't even think about or plan this comment -- i just immediately began typing on the fly my call-outs and appreciation for such a high quality/ high value piece of content where i learned some really unique things.  I just also love love any compact elegant solutions to things, creating efficient systematized ways to simplify and improve a process and workflow.

I have never ever written such a reply to a tech video before.  Never ever before for a Marques video, certainly never before for a Linus video.  The overall quality of tech videos has improved by about 500% over the past 5-6 years, the threshold requirements have all risen, and you with this video rose to the occasion to effectively bring these higher-grade A-list production qualities and elements to a potentially huge array of creators.  There is no doubt in my mind that there will not be hundreds of people who take this perfect template you've created and go out and buy all the recommended components then reproduce the collective results.  VERY VERY FEW people/channels could ever ever achieve this kind of direct impact on people. Cheers and well done. (*This was all written one-pass, no planning, no edits.)
  2. @AverageGoddess222 [1 likes]: I have just spent the last several days doing a ton of research for how to create my set up for the type of videos I want to do. You just answered everything I needed in 14 minutes. 🤯❤️
  3. @Polito1314 [1 likes]: i want to start filming and this video is exactly what i need.
  4. @simpgodloves313: yeah let me go buy everything
  5. @Sabdo1663: Wow I love it
  6. @MainQuestHobbies: Dude, this is a great video.  Solves a lot of the things I've been trying to figure out for my setup.  However, I went to look to see if there were any update videos in the last year or how the setup is working out for you and noticed you haven't made any vids.... Did you switch to a different channel or did the setup not work out as well as you'd hoped?
  7. @Low_Talker: I have 2 layers of diffusion and I'm still getting a hot spot on my overhead cam view for products, i have my light 36 inch wide soft box and it's at the same angle and depth as yours, curious if you had that issue and just edit it out, or just lower the ISO on the overhead?
  8. @ALEXANDRATREJOSVASQUEZ-p5g: Rất hữu ích, thanks!
  9. @KarenScaife-k2v: I would have loved there to be a single page document as a shopping list- your equipment is discussed at random through your video, and the spelling of the brands and models is not clear to me- don't know how to spell it, never heard of it, and I'm Australian, so I have no idea if I can access these materials. I also wanted to see more details up close about the connections and fittings- wtf is plugging into what, where exactly and why. Are you available for hire to just sell it all as a 'kit'?  Like have a zoom appointment with me to understand my needs, take my money- this is my address, post my custom kit to australia, one package, leave it on the stairs please??
  10. @GworxOz3953: Horrible lighting
  11. @tride.design: Brililantly simple
  12. @LisaS-tk1yw: What does b roll mean?
  13. @Low_Talker: Fantastic video.  I came here for ideas for my setup and got cool ideas.  I have issues with space and this is ideal.  I have about 99% of this gear but really wanted more ideas on the ambient or background space behind you.  Things I love are the desk arm vs my current rig, which is an overhead crossbar from Neewer, which is amazing, but it gets in the way of the main camera if I'm filming overhead and talking head.  I'm a photographer transitioning to some video work so I have so many softboxes and lights and big heavy gear. This video helped me get a more micro set up that serves the purpose.
  14. @robbiffa: So cheap…
  15. @mrgregpappas: Amazing. Thanks for the help.
  16. @Sidreallife: Quite detailed and nice. Loved this video. Thanks
  17. @macfanguy: Have tried it, feels good, still trying to figure out what I prefer.
  18. @OSD_MEDIA: Nice
  19. @omvidtech2281: Great setup. The only problem I see is the mounting of the cameras to the table. You must have to extra careful not to knock the table to avoid camera wobble, yes?
  20. @papasmurf-p8e: kid is a DoD consultant lmao

- $100 Cinematic YouTube Studio Setup (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en This is a $10,000 YouTube studio, but I messed up one key fundamental. And this is a $100 studio where we nailed all three of the key fundamentals. Today, you're going to learn exactly how you can build ultra-cinematic talking head setups with just $100 worth of gear, even if you have a super small filming space. You'll learn the three [music] key fundamentals, the major mistakes that ruin most people's setups, and you'll see it all applied to three unique spaces. And make sure to stay until the end of this video because we're hosting a giveaway where some lucky viewers can win some awesome gear to help level up their videos. I'm Connor from content-creator.com. Let's jump right into it. >> [music] >> Now, two quick things that we have to establish from the beginning. Number one, this video assumes that you already have an iPhone or an Android phone that you can use as your camera. But it definitely doesn't have to be the latest model. Legit, any iPhone or Android phone would work. This video was actually shot on the iPhone 15. And number two, this is not a gear shilling video. We're not sponsored by any of the companies that I'll mention in this video. I will have links to all of the gear in the description below, but if you click on those links, buy the gear, exit this video, and then skip the rest of what I'm about to teach you, your YouTube setup might not look that great. This is because gear is just one small piece of the puzzle. The real secret to great-looking videos comes down to composition, lighting, and audio. Plus one secret that I'll reveal at the end of this video. Fail to master these fundamental pillars and it doesn't matter what gear you own, your videos will always look terrible. So, let's solve that now. Starting off with pillar number one, composition. Good composition really comes down to four key ingredients. Your background, your distance from the background, camera stability, and lastly, your framing. So, first off, let's find a background. When picking a background, there are a few things that we definitely want to avoid. First, overly complicated backgrounds with a lot of clutter, lots of overlapping lines. Clean and simple will always look better. Make sure everything in your background has a reason for being there. Second is windows. We don't want a huge distracting light source behind us. Instead, we want it in front of us. If we aim the camera directly at a window, it creates a really strong backlight, makes it really hard to see your face. Ideally, a clean backdrop works best. Fortunately, I have this little corner right here. It's not massive, but I think it'll be the perfect background for the studio setup. Once you select your background, we can add a bit of design to it. If you have a blank wall, an easy thing that you can do is stage some furniture or decorations behind you. Now, I'm going to search around my apartment and find a couple small decor pieces that I want to add to the shelf. I have this old camera that I'm not using, this little plant, a few books that I have never read and probably will never read, and some other small knick-knacks. All right, the next ingredient in composition is our distance from the background. Unfortunately, smartphones are known for having a very deep depth of field, which means they don't blur the background very well. That's usually one of the biggest giveaways that you're shooting on an iPhone versus a professional camera. But, we can absolutely improve this by creating separation between you and the background. If you stand too close to the wall, the shot ends up looking a little flat, starts to feel more like a mugshot than a studio setup. So, whatever space you have in front of your background, move your chair forward as much as you can. Ideally, you want to be about 3 to 6 ft away from the wall. The more separation you can create between you and the background, the more cinematic the shot will feel. Okay, on to the next part of composition, which is stability. For stability, we're going to use a tripod for our smartphone. The one that I'm using for this studio build is the Amazon Basics extendable tripod. At the time of this recording, I picked it up for around $16, and it's honestly pretty solid. You don't need anything crazy fancy when it comes to a tripod. You just need something that keeps your phone completely still. The last thing that we would want is shaky and jittery footage. Now, when setting up your tripod, you want to place it about 2 to 3 ft in front of your chair. I found that this gives you a wide enough shot while still being able to fill the frame properly. You don't want to look like you're floating in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of empty space around you. But, on the flip side, you also don't want to be so close to the camera that your face is taking up the entire frame. This moves perfectly into the final ingredient of composition, which is the rule of thirds. The rule of thirds is when you divide your frame into thirds both horizontally and vertically. For positioning, we want to line ourselves up in the center column, and we want our eyes to land right on that top horizontal bar. If your eyes are sitting on that top line, and your head is in the middle column, you usually know that you're in a pretty good spot. After that, make sure any physical lines that are in your scene, like a door or the shelf over here, are straight up and down. Notice how if I rotate this camera slightly, my eyes are still on the top rule of thirds line, but all these background lines feel a little crooked. Now, the shot just kind of feels off. All right, moving on to pillar number two, the big one, lighting. Lighting is incredibly important because it's single-handedly the easiest way to make your setup look professional. Good lighting with a smartphone will beat bad lighting with a $5,000 camera every single [music] time. To light our YouTube studio, we're going to break lighting down into four simple steps. But first, we actually [music] need some lights. So, for this setup, I'm going to use the Tolifo 12-in LED light kit. All right, step number one is control the environment. That means we need to shut off all the lights in the room. If you have an overhead light, we have to turn that off. If you have a lamp, we would also have to turn that off. And if you have a window, you can use blackout curtains or anything like a blanket to block out that natural light. The goal is to eliminate all light sources, so we're starting with a clean slate. All right, step two is to make our light soft. The light itself is definitely important, but being able to diffuse that light or make it softer is just as important. The reason why I chose the Torgem 12-in light [music] kit is because I wanted the biggest light possible for the least amount of money. >> The reason is because size matters. A larger light source is softer than a smaller one. For example, if I pointed a flashlight at my face, the light would look really harsh and unflattering. This is because this is a very small light source. But when I use a bigger light source like this massive 120-cm softbox, the shadows are not harsh and the light on my face looks very soft. Now, 12 in is solid, but we can actually make it bigger by diffusing it. In this shot, I'm lighting my face directly with the Torgem light. In this shot, I put a white bedsheet in front of the light. Notice how much softer the light looks on my face while using the bedsheet. Now, if you don't want to rig up a DIY setup like this, I definitely recommend getting a light diffuser panel. You can grab one for around $13 on Amazon. This works exactly like the bedsheet, it's just a lot easier to set up. Again, all the links to the gear that I talk about is in the description below. Now, size matters, but distance also matters as well. When it comes to lighting, an easy way to think about it is like this. You want to make the light source as big as possible and place it as close to your face as possible. The farther the light is from you, the harder the shadows will look. All right, the next step in lighting is adjusting the direction of the light. [music] Since we're building a cinematic studio setup, we want cinematic lighting. This means we want to avoid placing the light directly in front of our face. If the light is directly in front of our face, it lights everything evenly, which tends to make our face look flat. For a more cinematic look, we need depth, which is created by shadows. So, instead, we're going to move the light off to about a 45° angle to the side of us. Once you do that, you'll start to see more dimension on your face. Notice how this side now has a shadow. If I move the light all the way to the right, that shadow gets very intense. For this setup, that's a bit too dramatic, so I'm going to bring it back to 45°. Another reason I got the Torjim light kit is because it comes with two lights, which is great because if I want to fill in the shadows on the darker side of my face, I can set up the second light at about a 45° angle on the opposite side and lower the intensity. You would not want to set it as the same intensity as the main light, because that would start to wash out the shadows. So, instead, I'm going to keep the second light at about 1/3 the intensity of the main light. Now, if you like the cinematic lighting that you're getting from the main light, and you don't want to fill in that shadow, another option is to use that second light as a hair light. To set this up, keep your main light at the 45° angle right in front of you, then move the second light behind you and aim it towards the back of your head and shoulders. Notice how it lights up my shoulder and the edge of my hair. And overall, this helps with the separation between me and the background. I think my favorite setup is this one right here, where I have the key light on this side, and I have the fill light on this side. So, I'm going to keep it as this setup. All right, on to step four of lighting, which is accent lighting. Now, this part is optional, but I really do think it can take your setup to a whole another level. If I had an extra 20 bucks to spend, I would definitely pick up the Neewer light wand. These small lights are perfect for adding a little bit of background color to your shots. [music] Super cool tool, and for 20 bucks, I think it adds a really professional look. Now, I want to end the lighting pillar with a quick little warning section. I know it can be tempting, but I would definitely avoid buying a ring light. They're appealing because most of them combine a tripod and a light in one, which feels really convenient, but the trade-off is they won't give you the best results, especially if you're going for a cinematic look. Like we talked about earlier, because the light sits directly in front of your face, it removes a lot of the shadows on your face, which tends to make [music] your face look flat. On top of that, it's also hard to add extra diffusion to a ring light, which limits how soft you can make it. Because lighting is so important, I definitely recommend going with the Torsun light kit. Or if you have a little extra budget, you could go with the Mount Dog softbox lighting kit. This is a great option because it comes with a built-in 19-in by 27-in softbox diffuser. So, if you wanted to make the light look really soft, you wouldn't need to get a bed sheet or a separate diffusion panel. Just something to keep in mind if you're purchasing lights. [music] All right, moving on to the third pillar, which is audio. This is a very important step in the process because audio makes up half of the viewing experience. To prove it, this video was shot in a $30,000 studio, but the audio sounds terrible. Now, compare that to this basic setup with high-quality audio. And honestly, this doesn't even look average. This looks super good. A good rule of thumb is that most people will tolerate average-looking videos, but almost no one will tolerate bad sound. So, with that in mind, we're definitely not going to rely on the built-in microphone on our smartphone. Just to give you a reference point, the audio that you're listening to right now is coming from the built-in microphone on our smartphone. Pretty rough. For our studio setup, I'm going to go with the PQRQP microphone. The reason I chose this one is because it's wireless, which is great for YouTube setups, but it also adds a lot of versatility outside of our studio. That means you can put your phone on a tripod and get clean audio from here, from here, and even over here. Now, if you want to keep your audio under $10, a great option is the PoP Voice Pro lavalier microphone. This microphone plugs directly into your smartphone with a cable. The cable comes with either a 6 and 1/2 ft cable or a 14 ft cable depending on what size you get. So, as long as you're within that distance from your camera, it'll work great. Not bad. With that being said, I do think versatility is really important when it comes to YouTube. So, that's why I tend to lean towards the wireless mic setup. It just adds a ton of creative options. Now, if you do have a little extra budget, I definitely recommend the Hollyland Lark A1. I think it sounds just a little bit better than the PQRQP, and it also has built-in noise cancellation. So, if you're filming in a noisy environment, you can turn that on and it will actively reduce the background noise while you're recording. Which is honestly pretty clutch. Here's a quick audio test using the PoP Voice Pro. Here's a quick audio test using the PQRQP. And lastly, here's a quick audio test using the Hollyland Lark A1. Of the three, I definitely think the Hollyland Lark A1 wins. All right, that wraps up our three main pillars: composition, lighting, [music] and audio. But none of that actually matters if you skip the secret pillar that I mentioned at the beginning of this video. [music] And the secret pillar is camera settings. If you're not filming with the correct camera settings, your footage will never reach its full potential. Take a look at this video on the left and this one on the right. Everything about these two setups is exactly the same except the video on the right is using the wrong camera settings. Notice how much softer it looks than the video on the left. The last thing that we would want is for you to put all of this work in and not get the best possible results just because of a settings mistake. So, let's quickly go over the best recording settings for your smartphone. The first thing that we want to make sure you're doing is using the rear camera of your smartphone. I know it's tempting to use the front camera, so you can check the composition, but the rear camera is almost always better in terms of quality. One investment that could be worth it, if you have a little extra budget, is this selfie monitor. It attaches to the back of your phone, so you can see what the camera sees while still using the main camera. That can save you a lot of time during the setup process, so you don't have to record a test clip, check the framing, adjust the camera, and then repeat that process again and again. Another reason we want to use the rear camera is because it unlocks better resolution and frame rate options. When it comes to resolution, which is basically the size of your video, I recommend setting it to 4K if your phone allows it. For frame rate, you can set it to either 24 or 30 frames per second. Both of those options work great for talking head content. Now, if you're shooting on an iPhone, there are two settings that apply to you that I briefly want to touch on. The first one is turning off HDR. When HDR is turned on, your iPhone tries to make the bright parts and the dark parts look detailed at the same time. So, if there's a bright window behind you and your face is darker, your iPhone will automatically try to brighten your face and darken the window, so everything looks evenly exposed. And that sounds great on paper, but in practice, it just kind of makes your video look too bright, too contrasty, or it kind of just throws off the colors when you go to import it into your editing software. Instead, I recommend turning HDR off and then just focusing on good lighting. Strong lighting will improve your video far more than HDR ever could. Now, a setting I would turn on is lock white balance. This makes it so once you hit record, the color temperature doesn't start shifting on you. Now, if you're doing some vlog style content or filming outdoors, you actually might want to leave this off. That's because the lighting changes constantly. So, allowing the white balance to adjust could actually help you in those situations. All right, that does it for the secret pillar. Now, as promised at the beginning of this video, let's take these skills and knowledge that we just covered and use them to build two additional setups. And right before we get into those setups, as a thank you for watching this video, I'm actually going to be giving away this entire studio kit. This includes the tortrum 12-in light panels, the tripod, the newer light sticks, and the Hollyland Lark A1 microphone. Pretty awesome. To enter the giveaway, you need to do four things. First, like this video. Second, leave a comment. Third, hit the subscribe button. And fourth, in the description below this video, click the giveaway link and enter your email address. Two weeks from the posting date of this video, I will randomly select somebody and then email you to get your shipping address. To make this even better, whether you win or not, immediately after submitting your email address, you'll automatically get our social media and YouTube editing template pack. This has some awesome templates inside, like color grading lots, sound effects, graphics, and more. So, go pause the video and do those four things now if you want to get a chance to win the YouTube studio kit. So, here we are, unique setup number one, and we're using the same exact gear, just a different background. And really the only adjustments that we made is we just increased the color temperature on this to make it a little bit more cool. Here's what it looks like before we change the color temperature to make it more cool. And here's what it looks like a little bit more balanced. So, here we are, we set up the newer light sticks to shoot at this wall right here. We're shooting it through the leaves right here. It kind of adds a little bit of unique texture versus just kind of blasting it right at the wall. And then here we are, we have our fill light right here. We have our key light right here. So, this one's a little bit lower intensity uh on the brightness, and then this one's just a little bit stronger than that one. So, this one right here is just kind of putting a lot of light on our face, and this one's kind of filling in the shadows on this side. All right, and here we are with the second unique setup. Now, this one it looks a little bit different because we're not in an office right now. We're actually in the downstairs living room, and the lighting setup is different. As you can see, we have the key light right here, and instead of having another light right here to fill in for the shadows, we dropped the light back, and now we have a hair light going on. Obviously, the setup coming a little over budget because of the fireplace back there, but you got to make do with what you have. You might have some really cool things in your house or apartment that you can use to create a really cool setup like this one. Really quick, I'm going to show you each individual component layered on top of one another so you can see what each thing looks like individually. Here's what the scene looks like with just our key light. Here's what the scene looks like with just our back light. Here's what the scene looks like with our two main lights. Now, we've added two lights onto the shelf. There's kind of this dark area going on in the bottom left-hand corner of the frame. So, what we're going to do is add a tube light and match the color temperature of the fire. And just for fun, here's what the back tube lights look like just by themselves. And just to show you how important lighting is, this is what the scene looks like with no film lights, just the overhead lights. So, there we go. Three completely different setups all using the same exact gear that we got on Amazon for under $100. Now, as you learned, gear alone won't give you a cinematic [music] setup. The lighting, the composition, the camera settings, the audio, the editing, the color, the sound design, the story, those are all of the ingredients that make a video look amazing. Learning all these skills can take years to master. You could spend hours on YouTube jumping from one creator to another, [music] piecing together random bits of information, trying to find the answers that you're looking for. [music] And that massively delays your goal making YouTube videos in the first place. That's exactly why we built a streamlined program called 14-Day Filmmaker. [music] This step-by-step program contains over 150 step-by-step tutorials walking you through every single aspect of the content [music] creation process. From the technical side of what gear to use, the right camera settings, how to light [music] like a pro, capture cinematic movement, record and edit high-quality audio, how to tell captivating stories, and [music] an insane amount of editing training that will take you from beginner to absolute ninja. Included in this course are individual bonus courses that cover mastering the process [music] of shooting and editing on your smartphone, a deep dive into professional cameras, and an entire curriculum on mastering YouTube, including how to get tons of views and build an amazing [music] subscriber base. You get lifetime access to all of that, plus bonus sound effects, editing cheat sheets, and access to our weekly live Q&A calls where you can hop on and ask Anthony any filmmaking questions you have. You get access to all of this for a small one-time fee of $48. If you're interested, maybe want to enroll, all you have to do is click the link in the description [music] of this video. Also, if you found this video helpful, be sure to hit that subscribe button, and I'll [music] see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrPaulXavier [3 likes]: 🎥 Learn to Shoot & Edit Pro Videos in Just 14 Days! https://www.contentcreator.com/14-day-smartphone-filmmaker-course?sl=yt-organic-cs-100-studio
  2. @tomasdejesuslariospalacios2950: thanks
  3. @Ale-hy6hn: I loved your dramatisation 😹😹😹
  4. @joshuacolston2050: This has been super helpful and I can't wait to apply the tips you've covered when I'm creating my own content. Thank you!!
  5. @W1CK3DXL0: buddy you turned a crappy iphone video into a work of Art hahaha  that is some really good tips...      i got an Iphone 12 ...  the 12 had a pretty good camera.. you think i could use that?
  6. @sandramulalley2399: Thanks for the educational information. It is really helpful.
  7. @anitagoodbath1432: I have really wanting to get the into making videos...the giveaway has already happened but I still would like to try and learn how to do this.
  8. @mariposagy101: Super helpful as I am looking for my first kit.
  9. @spiritualyouthtv2512: Thank you
  10. @andreythebarista: Best video i’ve seen on filming and lighting. Bravo!
  11. @nicoleblakewhite6264: Thank you for the video.  It's very informative
  12. @justworshipJesu: Inspiring
  13. @ITudoko-ci5ku: Bro! just move to hollywood and become a actor man! i think superman next sequel will suit you!!
  14. @devy256: Your content is exactly what someone needs to find.
  15. @RamizShaikh-hu8yo: Why ur profile pic and in video are different.
  16. @codeGR88N: 19:20 lol what is that song from? i remember wtching some streamers have this as their intro or outro song
  17. @PezzodipaneOFFICIAL: Omegapippoli for the giveaway
  18. @b.pazoki2580: It's an affordable yet good-quality setup
  19. @Itsdavidharvey: Good video and info
  20. @mensahtwum4250: Please am in Ghana can you help me to purchase this I terms 🙏🙏 I want to setup podcast studio

- Easy Cinematic Lighting Setup For YouTube Videos: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to change your lighting from this to this and create a killer lighting setup for your YouTube channel now it doesn't matter if you're filming on your iPhone or on a professional camera after following this tutorial your YouTube setup will look world class so what makes an amazing lighting setup and what equipment do successful YouTubers use that you don't well it's a four-step process to light your videos up like this and it's actually a lot easier than you might think think so let's break it down so this first part is by far the most important step but the most overlooked step when it comes to lighting your YouTube videos you see you could buy the most expensive the fanciest the best lighting equipment in the world but if you leave your windows open when you film and you let in lots of natural lights your shot will look terrible why is this because the sun might come out causing your image to be Overexposed or the clouds might cover up the Sun and your video will be underexposed which is why step number one is to close your blinds and black out the windows so there's no natural light in your room perfect so now that the window's blacked out we can move on to step two which is to turn off all the lights now the lights are off the most crucial part of the entire lighting setup begins setting up the key light so the key light is the main light source that shines on your face as it's doing on me right now and if you set up your key light in the right way and position it in the right place your videos will instantly look 80% better but if you get this all wrong and set it up badly then your videos are just going to look pretty terrible so how do we set up our key light and where do we actually put it well to set it up correctly you need two accessories firstly you need a soft box and the soft box is basically the thing that goes on the light and diffuses the light to make it look natural without a softbox the light on your face just looks way too harsh but with a softbox it just looks a lot more flattering secondly the light needs a stand and this just means you can adjust the position of the light and easily put it in the right place now before I tell you where you should actually put the lights let me tell you what light I recommend you buy if you want to go for the pro option then get the aperture araman 100xs it costs about $279 but it will do everything you need it's the light I'm using right now and it's absolutely perfect if you're on more of a budget then get the Reno softbox photography lighting kit and this only costs $50 it's not as good but it will still make a really nice clean image you need to place the light at a 45° angle away from you and slightly above you so I'm here in the middle my camera is over there and then my key light is just there and it sets slightly above me at a 45° angle nice so we set up the key light and this looks pretty good already but there's one problem with it which is currently this setup is really cinematic with Deep Shadows on this side of my face and whilst this is often used in your favorite film for a dramatic effect we're not trying to create a film look we're trying to create a friendly YouTuber look so your subscribers feel like they're hanging out with their best friend and not some like scary vampire or something like that therefore to take your lighting set up to the next level we need to brighten up this side of the face which takes us on to step three adding in the filler light take a second light and simply shine it on the other side of your face this light is placed on the opposite side of the key light but critically it needs to be dimmer then your key light my camera is there my key light is set there at a 45° angle and then the fill light is over here on the other side now I'm using the Elgato key light but I'll leave a link in the description to this light and other lights that are cheaper if you want to get this set up for less than $200 so I'm just going to turn the filler light on right now and you can see how it brightens up this side of my face now very importantly this light is slightly dimmer than my key light and that way I still keep some Shadows on this side my face but they're just not as dark and dramatic as they were before now this right now is a nice lighting setup but we don't want a nice lighting setup we want a killer lighting setup that's going to put you ahead of 99% of other YouTubers and to get there you need to do just one more thing take a look at this Mr Beast interview can you see how there's a light along the edge of his face here this is called a rim light and it's separates the subject from the background adding in depth to the shot and this is the secret source that it's going to take your lighting setup from average to incredible so I'm sitting here and I'm going to turn the rim light on right now and you can see there's a light that's going along the back of my head and the rim light should be placed off camera behind you and above you so I've just bolted this Elgato key light here to the wall and it shines down on me and it lights up the back of my head you can also just have this on a stand and it will do exactly the same thing so long as it's out of frame above you and behind you so we've added a key light a filler light and a rim light to make this setup here and this means we're able to move on to the final and most fun step which is adding in decorative lighting and this is where it gets interesting because this is your chance to customize the overall look and feel of your image now YouTubers like Ali abdal often opt for things like soft lighting like lamps or LED strips in the background of their videos whilst other YouTubers like Peter McKinnon often opt for stronger decorative lights to create a more Moody effect for me I like these stronger lights personally I just think they look really cool and I've got these two aroman tube lights behind me and I love these things because I think they just create a really nice mood and feel to the kind of shot that I'm making for this video and I can also change their color as well to anything I want just using an app on my phone so it makes the whole shooting process so fun and so easy so this is what I do but what should you do well this is where you actually need to have fun and get creative take some lights preferably the dimmer the better and just put them in the back of your shot warmer colors create a cozy and more inviting look while cooler colors create a modern and more Sleek look but the biggest hack of all is actually buying the lights from the same companies that is why all of my lights are from two companies which is Elgato and aperture and this is because they all just connect to one app called Insidious link and it means I can control the brightness and the color of all my lights from one single app meaning my workflow is just super super fast but there's actually one thing missing you see lighting only makes up 25% of the entire viewing experience whilst audio which is the microphone and your background music and the sound effects that makes up 50% of your entire viewing experience and therefore everything I've just said won't mean anything if you don't have great sounding videos so watch this video here and I'll explain how to master audio on YouTube and how you can set up all of that correctly as well I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @oscarowenbiz [23 likes]: 🔥 All Equipment Mentioned Here 🔥 - https://geni.us/lightingtips
  2. @Bilgi_Feneri: Although lighting is important, the camera plays an equally important role. If you position your camera poorly or if the camera’s quality is poor (lens and sensor), it automatically reduces the video’s quality. If the lighting is good, the quality improves even further. If either one is missing, the setup falls short. That’s why, for beginners, it makes more sense to shoot directly with a phone camera instead of using a cheap webcam. After all, there are phones capable of 4K–8K recording. Phone cameras have now come very close to professional cameras in terms of lens size and other features.
  3. @tanvi.parekh: Excellent video—clear, engaging, and full of practical insights!
  4. @ChadAV69: ... The "before" easily looks more "cinematic" than the after
  5. @DanteMontu: Amazing work! Thank you!
  6. @golfprodave: Hi, I’m looking for someone with experience in lighting to help me set up my small home video studio. I already have Godox lights and cameras.

It would only be a one-time 30–60 minute video call where I show you my setup and you guide me on where to place and adjust the lights until it looks right.

I’m looking for a hobbyist and would be happy to pay a small fee for your help
  7. @NewNew-t5m5w: Such a simple breakdown of the 4-step lighting process, especially the tip about separating the subject with a rim light
  8. @Trae04: What if there are 2 subjects?
  9. @derekeichman6257: Way to break it down.
  10. @fixepclub5385: But is it only me that likes the previous set-up
  11. @ThePathan23: Amazing video... Very clear and perfect
  12. @YLS-hg1: Can i use a selfie light that clips on my phone??
  13. @strejdaRadar: Great video, thanks! What’s your set-up to operate the lights using your phone? Do the lights connect via bluetooth? Thank you for the answer!
  14. @KJDetailz: 1:45
3:20
  15. @AceYourMindset-k3r: ❤❤❤
  16. @LucasTheWalter: Thank you - this video was so clear
  17. @finder1138: This video is peak. Real explanation, not trying to upsell me $500 professional equipment as "budget" like I want to shoot a movie instead of a live stream 10 people will watch. 

Absolute GOAT.
  18. @MAamirMursleenPakistan: Please visit Lake City again
  19. @SuperNewsWilliam: ++ good
  20. @halobonardo: finally i found this information.

- Build a Killer Talking Head Setup 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Thousands of creators have changed their lives with one simple setup, doing talking head video. Many of the top subscribed channels on YouTube are exactly that, talking head, someone just looking at the camera and speaking. And you don't need a fancy studio to do it. Just a camera, a good light, and a plan. Now, if you like how this video looks with lighting and cameras, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it, how to get that look on a budget, and how to start today if this is all you got, the phone in your pocket. My first recommendation is actually going to be for any setup because talking head video usually takes either reading off a script or having bullet points and you always want to make sure you're staring down the lens of the camera to connect with your audience. Well, the best way to do that is use a teleprompter, which can be complicated if you're trying to figure out an iPad or other ways to do it. So, I highly recommend the Elgato prompter. I did an entire video talking about how to set it up. I'll link it above, but it actually has a built-in display connects to your computer so you can drag over your script or even better the Riverside window so you can record with remote guests and read off the script all while you're looking in the camera. It works both with mobile devices like your iPhone or Android all the way up to mirrorless cameras like from Sony, Lumix, and Canon. Whether you're just starting out or have an advanced setup, getting a teleprompter like this is going to make creating content way faster and easier. Now, step one is what do you use as the camera? Now, if you don't have any budget or maybe just a little bit, I would spend it on lighting and sound before you upgrade your camera because the iPhone in your pocket or Android device is gonna actually look great. Here's actually some footage of me recording directly from my iPhone, which I used to interview the Apple senior vice president. I didn't have my mirrorless Sony camera. I used it with just my phone, so you can do it, too. Now, the one thing I would recommend investing in is a tripod for that mobile device. trying to hold the phone while you're recording. It's going to be shaky and distracting to watch, but just get a simple mount like this. This is a MagSafe one, but you can get inexpensive clips that hold any kind of mobile device, a small tripod like this that goes on your desk, and it's going to go a long way. So, that's about $15 or $20, and you have your camera setup if all you have is your phone. I'll talk about more advanced cameras in a second. Next is lighting, and there are some great options out there for all budget levels. One, I actually really love this LED light from Small Rig. super compact. You can change the intensity and color temperature, and it's only 20 bucks. It's rechargeable via USBC, and you can even string multiple them together for really good lighting. Use natural lighting to your advantage, like coming in from a window and small lights like this, and you can get a great look. There's also some great upgrade picks for lighting, like these newer LED panels. You can also get a soft box, which I'll talk about in a second, but $130 for two lights that go on the stands. And again, this is going to take you a long way. Now, I did an entire video on what a $100 lighting setup versus $1,000 and 28 lighting tips, no matter what you have. You can check out that video up here, and I'll put it in the description. Now, if you want to go pro and get studio lighting, this is the one I use, the Aperture Amaran 200X, and I'm going to give you a behind the scenes of all my setup in a moment. But, let's talk about microphones. Now, when you're doing talking head video, there's a couple methods. You can do an onscreen microphone like this. There's some great USB microphones out there, like the Shore MV7 Plus. Yes, I did a whole video on USB mics. I'll link that above, too. But if you don't prefer the microphone in the shot look, there's some great shotgun mic options. A shotgun microphone looks like this. You would put it on a stand or arm above your head pointed down. This is the Sennheiser MK600. It is a few hundred bucks, but it sounds really good and you can keep it off camera and still have great audio quality. But there are some other inexpensive options when it comes to lapel microphones. These can be discreet, attached via clip or a magnet, and actually sound really good. You can even get combos like the DJI Mic Mini that has two microphones so you can do interviews and these can connect to your phone, the Osmo Pocket 3, or directly to a camera. Again, these sound surprisingly good. But what if you don't have budget for a microphone and you use the built-in mic, maybe on your iPhone or even your laptop? Well, there's a way to make that sound great, too. When you record solo content or with remote guests in Riverside and there's a Riverside app for iPhone, Android, and iPad, so you can record on your mobile device and nothing else. And then once you're done recording, you can edit your content in Riverside. and our AI producer, which has amazing tools like remove pauses and filler words. You can apply magic audio, which will make any microphone sound studio quality. You can even adjust this slider on how much magic audio to apply. That'll remove background noise, echo, and yes, even make that built-in microphone on your mobile device sound studio quality. Now, before I give you a behind the scenes on my entire setup, one other key element is sound treatment. Now, Magic Audio and AI tools can remove reverb and echo, but if you have the budget to add sound panels to your room, that's going to make your audio sound even better. It really helps to focus on your voice and cut out distractions like that reverbby or echoey sound. And sound paneling can be fun because what's right behind me are actually sound panels. These are from Geek Acoustics. You can get various patterns and colors, and these do a great job of making your studio sound great, but also looking really cool. All right, but now, let me give you a behind the scenes of my setup if you want to create talking head videos that look like this. Step one, my camera is the Sony A74 mirrorless camera with a Sigma 35mm F1.4 lens. That f1.4 means you can get that nice bokeh effect. So, even though this room is kind of small, it's only 9 ft deep, you can still blur the background because I keep my lighting dim and that aperture open, meaning the f-stop number is very low. Another key element to a good talking head setup is a preview monitor. If you can have your camera previewed large on a screen next to you, it's going to help you make sure you look good, everything in the camera shot looks good, and help cut down on editing time because you'll notice any distractions in that preview monitor. Now, that camera and preview monitor is being powered by the Blackmagic A10 Mini Pro. That's that video switcher right there. But there's some great options like the Roadcaster Video, which I did a video about recently. I'll link that above and in the description as well. Now, when it comes to audio, I'm using the Roadcaster Pro 2. This might be actually a little overkill for my setup, but you can get the Roadcaster Duo or even interfaces like the Voccaster Solo and still get great sound from your microphones. Now, going into that Roadcaster Pro 2 is my shotgun microphone on this arm. This is the Sennheiser MKH 416. It is a professional microphone, and it is priced professionally. It's about $1,000, but it's the last microphone you'll ever need to buy. I also highly recommend putting it on a mic arm like this because then I can move it around, get it out of the way when I'm not recording, and quickly place it with no fuss. Now, I also have a secondary camera. You'll see that's the top down shot, which you've been watching throughout this video. That's a Sony a6400 with a Sigma 24 to 70 lens, so I can zoom in. That camera is also going into the Blackmagic ATM Mini Pro, and you can see I'm previewing that there. Again, really helps cut down the editing when I know the camera shot is good to go. Now, one other microphone I have is the Earthworks Ethos. This is what I use when I'm actually podcasting. Love the sound of this. That's also going into the Roadcaster Pro 2. Then for lighting, I have my Amaran 200X that I showed you before with the Light Dome 3 softbox. Having a great softbox is key to that soft, even lighting to prevent shadows and just has a flattering look. You'll see my entire back wall here has sound panels. I covered everything to cut down on all the reverb and echo. That's actually a sound panel to the right as well. And then I have two other lights. These are Elgato Keyite Airs. That's my fill light and my hair light behind me. Now, you'll see my gig acoustic panels back there, but there's also some colorful lighting. That's from Philips Huegh. Things on the shelf are producing light. And this is a Philips Huegh signed lamp that's on the floor. And that's actually shining most of the light that's on the back wall, you see. And that's basically how I produce all my videos. This camera with the top down, the Sennheiser microphone, Amaran 200X light, and then I talk at the camera. When I need to read off a script or a teleprompter, I'll use the Elgato prompter. And then when I want to record something like my podcast, I use Riverside. Riverside is incredible, not only for remote guests, but also solo content. And then you don't have to worry about importing footage or taking up space on your computer. Plus, you get access to all the Riverside AI editing tools like those remove silences, filler words, and you can even add video B-roll, image overlays, background music, and more all within the Riverside editor. Search for royalty-free clips, and then export in 4K video. And that's how to build a killer talking headset up in 2025 for all budget levels. Links to all the gear that I talked about is down in the description. And let me know if you have any questions the comments below. I answer those personally. And don't forget to subscribe to the Riverside channel and hit that like button. Lots of videos on monetizing your podcast, how to get to 100K videos on YouTube, and how I did it as a solo creator, which if you want to watch that video, I'll link it right here. And YouTube thinks you'll really enjoy this video. Thanks for watching. I'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rootnoteco [9 likes]: It's always so fun to me to know that, in most cases, everything juuuust out of frame is usually a mess. That's why I love behind the scenes stuff on movies. There's a whole village of people and stuff just outside the frame. It can be the same for talking head setups!
  2. @MoementumFinance [5 likes]: Great tips for content creators! 👏 Wishing everyone success here on YouTube. 😎🤛🥂
  3. @crowngraphics [4 likes]: He said a little Overkill......likeeeeeee how is it a little..

Great Content btw
  4. @ReallyThatGuy8 [4 likes]: such a great vid. thanks for including the prices at the time of recording that helps a ton
  5. @helmi_hasan [3 likes]: This is an insane gear list, not approachable for beginners. But I appreciate you sharing your pro setup
  6. @thedeviousco [2 likes]: Thank you so much for all the info - picked up some great info for setting up my own space! 😀
  7. @skitzaart [1 likes]: I waited for the budget part till the end 😄
  8. @erichamidi: I place my lights so that they're between a 20 and 45 degree angle. What height would you recommend to avoid a shadow under my chin and glares either on my teeth or computer screen behind me? How many feet would you recommend they be away from me?
  9. @sunilarkt: Budget alternative for all of the above - 

1. Ulanzi Teleprompter 
2. ZVE10 Mark2 (or used mark1) camera with kit lens. 
3. Samson Q2u mic
4. Basic light based softbox of amazon
5. Baton led tubelights for background lights. 
6. Maono mixer for audio interface
  10. @gabrielromero36: All I have is my phone and it’s flash light 😅 and a One 💵 dollar  in my wallet   ☕️ 😌
  11. @DidacticEditions: What a bullshit commercial
  12. @speakercarroll: I'm a riverside subscriber and love to see a video on how all the components are connected.
  13. @iXzenoS: Hey, can you tell me how far away the camera is from where you sit in the video? Trying to decide what focal length would be best for my setup, but I'm worried if 35mm full frame will be too close to my face or if I should go with a 24mm full frame instead.
  14. @mns2trilltv: is reverside free
  15. @allscaletrek: Is there a good camera for newbies that looks as great as yours with just plug and play or do you have to set it up right with the settings to get good results (if messing with the set up is required could you share your camera settings)? For example many say Sony ZV E10 is a safe bet but many newbies say it looks horrible.
  16. @dj-opie: How do you not get blue reflections on your glasses?
  17. @MarcoCastro: Hi there! Great video and thank you for putting it together. As a new riverside customer, I am looking to use riverside for all my content moving forward. That said, like you I too plan on having a secondary camera with my ATEM mini pro. But My understanding is that the ATEM mini pro only supports 1080. Yet this YouTube video is 4k. My question is; Are you upscaling the video in RiverSide? If not, what process are you taking your video through to get it to 4k? Thank you!
  18. @reflection-app: great video and tips! as someone who also wears glasses how do you set up your lighting to prevent there from being a glare on your eyeglasses from the lighting?
  19. @yacquub111: Your skp rbt light aa yuu using
  20. @algirhythm: Is there any special software required to flip / mirror the video output to the teleprompter? I bought a bigger screen and teleprompter box, but the text / image reads in reverse. I couldn't find any options in Mac OS Display settings to do this.

- Talking Head Video Setup | 10 Tips for AMAZING TALKING HEAD VIDEOS: Kind: captions Language: en i've been making content on youtube and in my day job professionally for years so here's my best tips that you absolutely need to hear if you want to make amazing talking head videos while any old camera will do even your phone keep in mind people are used to looking at high quality video on youtube shoot your video in 4k if possible and more on why in a minute as this is a talking head video people are going to see more of you on screen than anything else and they want to see you not a big block of pixels the gear that you have doesn't really matter it's all about the idea but that 20 year old phone that you have that barely shoots photos let alone video yeah that's not going to cut it for the purpose of this video right now i'm using the sony's ev1 but these tips will apply to absolutely any camera that you have even a 20 year old phone don't throw the camera on a tripod and just land it anywhere not going to cut it the shot needs to be interesting sure a blank wall can look okay and it does have its place but try and shoot into a corner where possible when it comes to the camera position itself have the lens directly towards your face most importantly your eyes because that's where you're going to be talking to into the actual lens itself but keep in mind as well the distance that the camera is from you is also going to change the framing so the further back you go the more of a shot you get or the closer you go the tighter the shot that it is just keep in mind while yes it is a talking head video we don't just want a talking head in the video and nothing else lighting is hugely important in fact it's one of the most important things i can't stress how important lighting is guys i really can't and even if you've got an old camera or that old 20 year old phone then lighting can give that a huge helping hand rule number one do not use the light that's on your ceiling please do not use it because the light that comes out of that is all over the place forget about it if it's a short video you can use daylight and the reason i'm saying if it's a short video use daylight from a window because the daylight is constantly changing and if there's a cloud comes and the sun goes in it's going to change the whole look of your video and that's not good even a cheap light is better than all of the above you don't have to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars when you have a light think about the positioning of it the general rule of thumb is you should have a rim light which is light behind you a key light which will be kind of up at 45 degrees pointing down at you and then you'd have a fill light or you could use a little bounce card which will reflect the light from one light onto the face so it fills the other side of the face right now for me i have got one light that is lit that is up there that is at roughly at a 45 degree angle coming down and there's a reason why it needs to be at a 45 degree angle because if you put straight on it just gives a flat look to your face not really good not really interesting but when there's an angle there's shadows and shadows create contrast shadows make your face look interesting and they're kind of complimentary to the triple shins do you need all of those lights absolutely not but start with one creating depth ties into the last few tips and even making the smallest little bit of effort when it comes to depth can make a huge difference to your video the easiest and quickest way to create depth between you and the background and this obviously you want to pop in the image is have a light behind you so i've got a candle here but i've also got a blue led light and that helps separate me from the background and obviously the more distance between you and the background of the wall the better before even charging a battery write down your idea don't wing it please do not wing it i know we can all wing it right but then your video turns into a rambling mess and it's a pain to edit and you lose the context and what you're trying to get out so here's the thing if you write a few bullet points down at the very least or a script you can go yeah you can use a teleprompter but you don't necessarily need one in this case i've got my phone down here and i'm looking at that every now and again stay on track stay on target for your star wars fans start with writing down the title write down the idea then start kind of blocking it out like a beginning middle and end don't just stick to the first version of what you write don't be afraid to edit it remove all the waffle rearrange it look nobody really cares about your day and nobody wants to hear ages of waffle until you get to the actual point of the video which is the value that you deliver to your audience all that aside the thing that's really important here besides the value is this has to sound like you this has to sound like it's coming from you a lot of things that are written down will read great and will look great on a blog but when it comes to translating them into video a lot of the time they just don't work that well so that's why it's important you rearrange you rework you make it sound like you next tip here and this is a really important one as well is audio bad audio will destroy your video completely destroy it god boom forget about it see here's the thing people see with their ears as well as their eyes so while people will tolerate some kind of dodgy looking scratchy poor audio will have them instantly sorry they might nev back and that's what you don't want to do the first step to having better audio is do not use the onboard mic in the camera that you have i know look sometimes it works okay and in certain situations you might get away with it like something like 25 30 like the saramonic xrxm1 can make a huge difference if you want to take things up a level then you can go for bigger shotgun mics or wireless lavs which is what i'm using right now and you can really add to your audio kit as you go on but audio guys is super super important remember this audiences hear and see with their ears as well as their eyes these days auto focus on cameras is pretty good it can be very reliable depending on the camera that you're using now here's the thing if you think that your camera isn't completely reliable for autofocus use manual focus now i get it it's like but how how what how can i manually focus myself when i need to be behind the camera to do that so put something where you're going to be maybe if you've got somebody else that's living with you stick them on the chair just while you call the focus when it comes to other settings sure you can absolutely leave the camera run on auto mode and leave the camera do everything that's probably not the best idea in the long run start using something like aperture priority to get you going so an aperture of f one point which is this is will give you a little bit of a blurry background while the higher it is it won't obviously the more distance between you and the background the more blur that you're going to get as well so keep that in mind iso can be left on auto and basically in a nutshell iso will make the image brighter or darker and the brighter that the iso is the higher the number the more noise and grain it can bring to the picture which isn't really good so try and dive the iso in right now my iso is at 320. if you've got audio levels options in your camera make sure you turn them down if they're too red because that's not where you want to be if you don't have audio levels in the camera that you've got then that's okay to record a test clip and just play it back essentially your audio must be hitting about minus nine or thereabouts but as soon as you see red you're dead talking to camera i know this one is a biggie and look it's obvious the more you do this talking to camera then the better that you get talk to the actual lens of the camera which is what i'm doing now don't talk to the flippy out screen which is what i'm looking at now because my eyes are not really looking at you and if you've got a monitor up top then you don't really want to be talking to the monitor either you want to be talking directly into the lens because that's where the audience lives when it comes to talking the camera as well you need to project your voice a little bit more so if i was talking to somebody here in the room kind of talking like this but shoulders up chest out kind of thing and i'm talking to the camera which is a couple of feet away don't be afraid to use your hands either great communicators use their hands to tell their stories all the time but you can kind of really overdo it so just keep that in mind whatever feels natural now here's the biggest tip i can give you when it comes to talking to camera and this comes from somebody who was a talk show host on commercial radio for over 11 years talk to your audience not at them i know you're like what the hell is that so and you really need to think about this you're not in an ivory tower kind of you know spitting down visual upon your loyal subjects no you're talking to somebody so you gotta talk to somebody not at them once you get your head around that it will open your mind completely to talking to camera so talk to your audience not at them no matter what software that you're using edit your videos in some way for me i use adobe premiere pro but this is what i'm going to say is nothing to do with premiere pro this will apply all editing softwares out there dump all the ohms the as and most importantly cut out any dead air or very long pauses unless there's a really specific reason to have a long pause in there and even then cut it again your audience aren't invested in you as you think so anything that signals to them the video is over or it's getting boring they're gone a video needs to be interesting visually as well ultimately if you're on screen for 10 15 20 minutes and it's just you with no cuts no anything it can get very boring and people will probably not make it to the end of the video something that can help here is using jump cuts now use these sparingly but they have to be done well enough so they're not too jarring on the audience think of any hollywood movie or tv show the next movie or tv show that you watch keep in mind that the scene changes roughly every nine seconds now the reason the scene changes every nine seconds is because your brain goes to sleep they want to keep you engaged and that's what we want to do here with these videos is keep the viewer engaged so every nine seconds or thereabouts it needs to change that can be a little cropping a little zoom in or a pullback or anything that can refresh the viewer's brain and keep things interesting now speaking of interesting that leads me on to the next tip and this if you apply it will not only help hugely with keeping your viewers in the video but it's also going to make things super interesting b-roll will keep things super interesting now i know it might sound fancy and all of that but essentially it's not it's just another piece of video so let's say you're talking about i don't know a candle when you're talking about the candle you should be showcasing the candle it keeps the viewers brain engaged completely and that makes what you're talking about very easy to understand what i do when it comes to writing a kind of a script or an outline for a video you're gonna have some idea of the b-roll that you need but for me i shoot more b-roll after i've edited the first cut of the video so i go okay i need this this and this once the video is finished once you've edited it watch it don't just upload it watch the video if there's mistakes if there's some glitch or whatever go back fix it if you upload a video that's full of errors or glitches or typos or whatever then that's on you this isn't a live video where sometimes people expect something to go wrong this is something that you've pained over you've ached over you've edited it and then you felt oh it's good enough i can just leave a few mistakes in it that's a really bad thing to do and that's your fault nobody else's so if you're wondering why people are leaving then check your videos re-render and watch again before you upload now speaking of uploading upload in 4k render your videos in 4k even if you don't shoot in 4k the reason why is that youtube gives less compression and more bandwidth to a video that it sees as a 4k file so what does that mean the video is going to look better to your audience the other thing here as well speaking of the audience if you've got a few videos under your belt and when you do in the audience tab on youtube you're going to get an idea of when your audience is active on the platform not necessarily on your channel so it basically it gives you a rough idea of when you should start uploading or scheduling an upload to go live because you weren't just going to throw the video up and upload it at random times were you no i knew you wouldn't do that i get it i understand the anxiety i understand the nerves i understand that you're going to get idiots in the comments block them instantly by the way and you've forgotten about them two seconds later don't even engage but i understand all the fears and that can be absolutely crippling for anybody that wants to make content look i can't make you make a talking head video i just can't i can't force you to make any type of video but if this is something that you want to do fight hard for it and just go and do it and just hit record

  Top Comments:
  1. @VicBarry [2 likes]: Now you've nailed the setup, here's how to GET BETTER AT TALKING ON CAMERA! - https://youtu.be/hvrLd5KKm0s
  2. @thebarbearian0 [2 likes]: Good video! The points about talking "to" and not "at" the audience was especially helpful. Thanks man :)
  3. @LaloLSSalcedo [1 likes]: Great video and humor 🙌🏼🔥
  4. @TheWritingSample [1 likes]: Thank you so much for a great engaging video. I have to consider not following some of this advice because I'd never upload new video. Upload and keep going is also a great way to learn. Also the audience isn't as invested if the video is bad but if its information the audience wants, like this one, the watch all the way to the end, like I just did.
  5. @michman1956 [1 likes]: Awesome video Vic!!
  6. @fedorlubensky [1 likes]: Спасибо🙏💕
  7. @richarddoyle1878 [1 likes]: Fantastic advice, Thank you!
  8. @iAmBrandonOrr [1 likes]: This was the best video I’ve watched on this topic
  9. @RafalReyzer [1 likes]: The best video on the topic!
  10. @adiosgamer3793 [1 likes]: New subscriber... Excellent.
  11. @martijnvanspaendonck: This (and your other videos on this subject) was very helpful! I'm 4 video's in and working on it. :) Great channel, very pleasing and funny to listen to. Good job.
  12. @The-Charleston-Chew: Amazing video..I needed that, rough “talking head” day lol
  13. @computeraidedyami: The best part of the video were the hairy legs
  14. @rrlideracademy: Amazing video, thank you so much for this mini tutorial!!!
  15. @ewaldjosh: Advice for people that are nearly color-blind trying to get into photography/videography? 

Any settings to help me be confident that my colors are accurate for the next person that will look at the material? 

For example, one time I chose colors for a bedroom and I chose a tan and a brown for a accent wall. Come to find out, it wasn't brown and it was maroon lol
  16. @slightlyopinionated8107: Awesome video! Straight to the point and no fluff. You deserve more followers
  17. @CTROTECHNOLOGY: Very helpful tips. Thank you
  18. @wolvi.m: Great advice my man. Really trying with video, at 114 subscribers 🙏🏼
  19. @Dean-Edward: Great video, thank you!
  20. @ianmarconi: Amazing video 😮

- Behind the Scenes: Cinematic Lighting Setup for Talking Head Videos (No Crew Needed): Kind: captions Language: en Ever wondered why your talking head videos still look meh even with a nice camera? Let me show you how just two lights, the right composition, and some strategic setup can take your videos from average to cinematic. I'll walk you through the gear I use, the lessons I've learned after filming over 21 of these style videos, and how I turned my church's midweek message series into a practice ground for professional level production, all as a solar operator. Let's break it down. Welcome to the video. My name is Leah and I am a cinematographer based here in Nashville, Tennessee. And I own and operate a video production company called Alpha Media LLC. And in today's video, we are going to break down maybe not in fine detail, not super duper detail, but we're going to get pretty in the nitty-gritty of how I was able to create this professional. I I ain't gonna lie. I did something very unethical by saying cinematic because it's like a keyword. It's a buzz word. You know, people are gonna click on it and stuff like that. I mean, there's some a little bit of cinematicesque to it, but it's really just professional legit uh top tier. Uh break out of the crowd and what is this, you know, seen as the basic as the base as as as the entry level. I don't know. I don't know what I'm trying to say. I'm just going on a rant. I filmed this already and forgot I didn't push record the audio, so I'm trying to do this again. You know what I'm saying? Um, so yeah, in today's video video video. Okay, in today's video, we're going to break down this series called Minweek Motivation that I professionally produced for my church as practice. Okay. Okay. Because you see, I'm not a fake it till you make it type of girl. Okay. Um, I Yeah, this is why I never talk trash when I play ball or anything like that. Like I'm going to talk trash after I won the game. You know what I'm saying? I'm I'mma talk trash after I, you know, average 35 points. That's never that never happened. I'm 5 foot. But I'm I'm going to talk trash when I know I got in the bag. And that's just that's just the type of person I am because I know for a fact that when there's people out there that talk trash that can't back it up, I'm going to throw it in your face every 5 seconds. I'm going to be a menace. Okay? I'm going to be a problem. And so therefore, I feel the same way when it comes to my work. I'm not going to sit over here and and have somebody ask me to do a certain job or go out and and interview for a job, um put my put my resume out there, whatever, if I've never done it. I'm not going to DM anybody. I'm not going to cold email anybody uh about, you know, uh some some how I can, you know, film some content for or assets for their website, for commercial, for for their social media. Um and I've never done it before. uh you know just going to I just just going to show up and just do my thing and figure it out. No, never been that person. Never will be that person. I got to go out and I get to practice. Now granted, I I'm really bad about practicing way too much instead of going out there and doing the thing. It's not going to be perfect. Like there's got to be a time where I was like, "All right, we we got the practice in now. Let's show up and show out." Uh so we worked on that the last couple years. We're good. We're doing what we need to do uh and put ourselves out there. But best believe your girl cannot show up to anything and do anything without knowing confidently that she can do it confidently. You know what I'm saying? So that's my rant. That's my whole thing. That's my whole two cents and spiel and whatnot. But um since I'm not a fake it till you make it type of girl, uh I saw an opportunity with my church um in this series that the minister made during CO. I think he did he I think he started posting these before co but I saw him during co uh it was called midweek motivation and it you know it it was good. It was um it was a great message. It was needed during that time during isolation and social distancing and whatever. But you know the cinematographer me, the cinematographer in me could not get past where he was shooting these videos at the fact that it was shot with an iPhone and the using the in camera microphone. There's nothing wrong with it. I mean, I watched it. Everybody else continued to watch it. But here's the thing. Data backs data shows that when the quality is improved, which is not an iPhone, I'm sorry. I'm sorry to say it. I'm sorry to put out there, unless you're shooting your content with like serious expensive lenses and ridiculous rigs, which at that point, why are you doing that when you can just get a cinema camera, get a hybrid camera? It's just what are we what are we doing? And so, if you want to increase engagement, impression, and reach, uh I don't know how I said. Sorry, I messed that up. Sorry. If you want to if you want to increase engagement, impressions, your reach, you want to improve the quality of your content, even if that is a ring light, you know, and stuff like that, baby steps. And so, if you can do better, why not do better? And so, rather than just giving him the numbers and the analytics and things like that, cuz I mean, who cares really, honestly, unless you're a business or brand, you know, trying to make a certain amount of money, all that stuff. like I was just like, "Hey, can I can I can I bring cuz he hadn't he hadn't filmed the series like in two years in." So I was like, "Hey, can we bring back midweek motivation and I just produce it professionally?" Um, and you know, I didn't give him like two cents of why I want to do or whatever. I just in the back of my head was like, "Hey, it's going to help you. It's going to get more reach. It's going to get more engagement. It's going to have more impressions." And for me, I get practice. I get practice and I get experience in, you know, knowing how I'm going the workflow I needed to be able to film these videos and take them from 16x9 to a 9x6 or a 1x1. Like, you know, how many feet away does the camera need to be from the subject uh to still have the leading lines in the shot as well as, you know, being able to, you know, crop it later, reframe it from 9 by 16 by 9 to a 9x6. Um, you know, what lens should I use? Should I use the 35? Should I use a 16? Should I use a 24? Like, what works best? You know, how much gear do I need to bring? How long is it going to take me to set up? And how long is it going to take me to break down? How many hours does it take me to shoot this type of stuff? You know, is it better if we outline? Is it better, you know, how long does it take me to edit? How I'm going to figure out the thumb, you know, the little thumbnails on Instagram? and uh you know how long is it going to take me to edit when I add you know more B-roll to the footage versus just him talking what's the engagement what's the data look like all these things I was able to do uh by just offering the service uh for free just to test and like I said to not fake it till I make it to actually have confidence in when I tell people that if they invest in a professional cinematographer just for their content you know as I want to do this type of work uh as I don't know. I'm sorry. So sorry I got jumbled up over there for a second. Hold on. I want to do this work on a retainer basis. Something that I can just do by myself. Um and you know while I do other work like commercial one-off projects, DP, things like that. But I want to have retainer clients because that, you know, makes you help you sleep at night when you know your money's coming every month. So I just wanted to test it variables, see what it was, and this was just the perfect project to do it. It's a win-win for my church and for me. And so that's why I did it. So, let's break down composition, talk about the gear I used, how long it took me to set it all up, and just how two lights make an interview or talking head video look professional and cinematic on a budget. So, let's talk about composition. Um, so before I choose any um or how how to say it like this, before I I choose my camera kit and my lighting kit, shoot, even my audio kit, I have to know what I'm going to film. Um, how I'm going to film it. Um, I've said it before in previous videos, maybe. I don't know, maybe I said it in my head, but I'm going to say it now that if your composition is trash, your video is trash. It doesn't matter the lens you use, the camera you use, even the lighting. Um, if your composition sucks, video sucks. It falls flat. It falls flat. Unless you, like I said, unless you're vlogging, doesn't really matter. We're just we're here for the story or whatever. But if you can help the composition and and making the the shot more dynamic and engaging, it just, man, it just adds to it. Everything just works together as one. and and so if I can help it, if I can see the area before I get there, I'm going to try to identify my composition. You know, there's so many different forms of composition. Um, and I think always the easiest ones that you can find in everyday life is leading lines and a frame within a frame. And so for this one, um, it was leading lines and that was in the sanctuary using the pews. Now, I'm going to keep this short. I'm going to keep this brief. Uh, my church has there's not there's not not one place there that is aesthetically pleasing. And that's not like, oh, the walls look weird or there's no art or anything like that. It's plain. It's just not there's no there is no composition whatsoever. Um, no, there's just not. The more I think about it, no, there's not. And on top of that too, you know, we're dealing with like I think marble floors or something like that and and and a lot of windows. So audio echo no matter really if you did have a lapel on to help with that. It's just it's not ideal. It's not ideal. But thankfully the sanctuary was ideal and it made more sense to because you know the video is about church, Jesus, religion, you know. So before he says a word, you know what this video is about because of the setting and so therefore it just made sense. Um, and the composition was easy. I saw it way before I saw, you know, thought about the video. I was like, "Oh, yeah. Leading lines right in the middle of the sanctuary leading up to um the pool pit. This is going to work. This is going to look great. Can't wait to shoot it." So, that's my composition. So, let's talk about lighting. Um, so what I do when it comes to lighting any if I can any uh space that I'm in or I'm filming in is turn off all the lights. um turn off all the lights and start blank, start with a blank canvas, if you will. Uh like here, even in my living room, this is all the lights in here are controlled. Um, and so when it came to this project as well as others, I like to turn off all the lights if I can, if I'm able to, cuz here in a future video when I talk about um, there's one uh, interview I shot in Springfield where I was not able to turn off uh, the lights or half the lights in the hallway and I just had to work with what I got and just expose the shot correctly, things like that. But if I can control the lights, I'm going to control the lights um, and be able to create the look that I want. Like I like how this this this shot here in my living room looks super natural. This looks like if I turn on all the house lights in my house. Or better yet, there's no lights on at all. And this is just what it looks like during the daytime in my living room at what 1:34 is the time right now. Uh no, this it doesn't look like this at all. This is this is a key with some extra diffusion. My uh Amaran 200X is shooting up off the roof and and lifting the shadows here in the background. I got my practical practical right there uh and things like that just to be able to um control the scene and what it looks like and and get the look that I want. Yeah, this look is not by accident. This look is not what's naturally in the space. This is completely controlled by me and my phone. Um so yeah, that's the same approach that I have at the church. And so with the church, turned off all the lights and just turned on the um pullpit lights and used that as an accent light. And not only as an accent light, just for an accent light sake, but I use it as an accent light to show depth in my shot. I wanted you to be able to see the distance between Chris and the background, as well as show off bokeh that that shallowed up depth of the field. The reason I have a 1.4, for I don't shoot wide open at 1.4, but I wanted that that nice that nice dreamy background. Um, which is another thing I feel like always looks professional, always looks cinematic. You all, every time I bring up cinematic in this video, remember that I'm using it loosely. Okay. Um, but yeah, it just it it there's a there's a clear difference. uh not the only thing that makes a clear difference between like a cinematographer and and somebody who's just, you know, shooting with their phone or somebody who just just picked it up and, you know, doesn't know what they're doing. Um it shows a it shows a big difference and and it just it just looks oh it looks so good and professional and so if you got a prime and you're shooting, you know, 1.4 1.8, why would you not show off that that that nice shallow background? Just like here in this video, this shallow background. I think I'm at 1.8. eight. Yep, I'm at 1.8 shooting in my in my living room and so yeah, just showing that off. Oh, it's good. Looks so good. Looks so good. Anyway, sorry. Yeah, so did that. And then um like I said, all the lights are off. Um, then I had the key over to his left, um, kind of high as we do, 45° angle, uh, with, you know, a softbox attachment and another piece of diffusion. And then off to the back, I have his, uh, edge light or I set up a edge light because in previous videos, um, he kept he kept disappearing in the back. Well, here, okay, let me say this. So, since I was filming this from August to July, this batch that I'm talking about in this video was from this month, uh, the most recent one. But before that, I never brought a second light. I only brought one. I'm going to talk about a little bit more here uh, in at the end of this video. But anyway, I just brought that second light to just bring him out of the background because I realized, you know, when we shot in August, because the church have these windows at the top that pour light in because, you know, it doesn't get dark till like 9:00. Um, they kind of served as an edge light to kind of separate him and pull him out of the dark, pull him out of the shadows where the key wasn't. Um, but when we filmed a couple batches in November and December, the light the light wasn't there through those windows. So, he just hit half his body faded in the background. It's very moody. You know, I feel like uh, you know, Jesus stories are supposed to be hopeful maybe. Well, some can be very dark. Uh, but still, it's like, you know, that's not the mood we were going for, not the mood I was going for. So, having half his body, you know, falling off into the abyss was not the look that I was going for. So, I was like, I want to make sure that I throw in an edge light to pull him out of the darkness. And that's what I set up. What is it like his his right side towards the back in in the corner? Um, and you know, attached a frenel to it to to concentrate that light so it wouldn't spill and it would just be focused on the outside of his body. Um, so there's that. Um, and yeah, that's pretty much that's pretty much just as far as like I guess the reasoning, the lighting setup, how is it set up. Uh, but the lighting kit involved my Amaran 200X, the Aperture Light Dome 3 with the grid, the Amaran 60Xs and the Aperture FEL two time attachment. Of course, can't do anything without the accessories like the a chrome sea stand, uh, two newer metal light stands, uh, metal boom arm, grip head, and cheap diffusion cloth from Amazon with rubber clamps from Harbor Freight. Um, I think it's also important to note that because we're shooting in the middle of the sanctuary, that means there's no outlets close. And so with every shoot though, I always bring my I think it's cobalt 25 ft. Uh, it's like a it's a nice little wheel roped um, extension cable and just set it in the middle so that I could, you know, easily plug in my my Amaran 200X. Um, unlike my FX, sorry, my F-22 which has like ridiculous amount of like wires so you can you can reach. It's 200 kind of feels like it's got indie very small stuff. So the wire is not that long. So always need my 25T, but I would say always bring it cuz you just never know where an out why why an outlet is out in the hallway 30 ft away or people are going to trip on it or the the the plug's going to be in the shot. So many things are run into. So it's always safe to bring it. shoot. Bring to you just never know. And then also too with the edge light being as far away as it was from him on his what? Right, left side. Uh I couldn't even plug that one in. So I powered that with two MPF batteries from Small Rig. Um and they lasted me for like 2 or 3 hours. Freaking love Small Rig. Not sponsored by them, but love them. Got a lot of their products. Highly recommend. Okay. Um, so apart from my lighting kit, this was my camera kit that I brought u to film all of this. Uh, was the Sony FX3, the Sony 35mm 1.4, and my Small Rig A01 tripod. Uh, the accessories I brought were the small HD monitor uh, with an HDMI cable and an NPF battery from Small Rig. And then just to throw it in there, I use ProGrade CF Express TypeA memory cards. Uh I think mine is 160 gigabytes that I use for this shoot because it's only, you know, I don't need big one TBTE cards. And also I already bought these a long time ago, but I'm trying to get terabyte cards. But anyway, stuff like this that are only going to be two hours of if that really like 30 minutes more setup time than it is actually filming. So it's like only 30 minutes, 45 minutes tops. these these cards at 160 um can film three hours and 15 minutes of 4K footage. So, and that's why I shoot I shoot 4K XAVC SI, I believe, or something like that. I don't know. I have to look. And then again, at the same time, it kind of doesn't matter. You know what I'm saying? So, I mean, it matters, but I'm not going to get in the nitty-gritty of that. Um, so anyway, and I also want to note that this was clearly, as you can see, is one camera. Uh I think maybe I've done no I'm only done I haven't even talked about the interview stuff that I've done yet which is two camera but it's also budget friendly. So I just want to make a note that this is still budget friendly uh shoot with just one camera and I do budget friendly work with two cameras. Uh but of course there is a give and take because it's budget and also I'm solo. So, either, you know, I bring one camera and I really hone in on the lighting or I bring two cameras and I don't hone in on lighting. Um, because like I said, especially with the one I'm just thinking about right now, you know, it's a half day shoot, half day rate, 4 hours. So, I spend 30 minutes setting up two cameras, one light just to expose my shot or my subject, and that's it. And 30 minutes to take it down. Whereas with this, I bring one camera, but I'm really focused on, you know, shaping the light and things like that. So, it takes me an hour and a half to set up. Um, so to think about adding another camera, I could do it, but now we have we have left budget territory. And so, yeah, just as a business owner and things like that, I'm trying to find ways. I'm like, hey, this looks as best as it's going to do. One camera though. Trying to find that happy medium, you know, where it's just like I'm not killing myself on a budget. This is a budget. I'm bringing one camera. This is a budget. I'm bringing one light and I'm going to make it work. And if we want to do more, then we'll bring more. And we'll pay for more time to set it all up by myself. Or we'll hire somebody else to help me set all this stuff up. Either way, we're going to pay for it. But this is the best we can do with this budget. And this is what we're going to do. I love you. Have a great day. Okay. Anyway, so that's my camera kit. Let's talk about my audio kit. Um, so my audio kit is the Sony XLR top handle, the Rogue Wireless Pro with a lavalier microphone and then the Sony E M1 XM1 ECM1 XM1 I believe. Um, and the XLR adapters. Um, so I just want to make a preface um a note to this uh because I've seen I've seen other um creators, cinematographers, videographers uh in my area filming um content for like plastic surgeons and doctors and things like that. And they all have the mic placed to them and and that's it. And this is just me from learning uh through now the courses that I'm taking in film school and stuff that um not so much that it just looks terrible to have just a big old clunky thick microphone attached to somebody's shirt or that it looks amateur but it's just the thought of or the belief that that audio will not fail. Um, so what I like to do, um, you know, from what I learned and also the stuff has has happened, uh, is to number one, always clip a mic. You know, if I can't, if I can hide it, I well, I'll try to hide it. But if we're doing a bunch of batches and people trying to change clothes, then it's just going to be showing and that's okay. But if it's just one of those things where we're we're sticking with one um outfit, then I'm going to hide it in uh under the shirt. I'm gonna have stickies in the whole thing. You'll never know that it's there. or I'm going to use boom microphone. But either way, the reason why I use two microphones, the road wireless pro as well as my shotgun microphone, the Sony E CM, I think it is XM1, is because mics fail. Something always happens, right? And even in this shoot, the mic that I had, the mic pack essentially, it was it I kept getting feedback and so I had to switch the second mic that I had. They play had two mics but you know I have a third mic too as well. Um and I was just monitoring it on you know with my headphones but to think that if say I wasn't monitoring monitoring it with my headphones and I didn't know that there was any feedback um and I go home and in post you know I I I I um import all the footage and for three or four videos have mic issues. I don't have a backup track. I don't have a backup audio option. All I have is in camera. And here's the thing, too, especially when using the Roars Pros, you plug it into the camera, so you're going to have in camera audio. There's no syncing any of the audio in post or being able to mute tracks in Adobe Premiere uh to find the mic that didn't fail and that did work. And so, yeah, when I see um other creatives, especially in my area with the big mic packs on them, you know, the first thing I think of is not, oh, this is this is amateur hour or something like that, you know, super negative or whatever. This is someone whose mic they never thought about their mic failing. And when they fail, it's too late. The day is wasted. The the footage is gone. And now you got to reshoot it. And you know, somebody's going to get upset. Somebody's going like, "I don't have time for this. I thought you were the professional. It's going to it's going to be a whole thing." And it sucks. It sucks. And so now, thankfully, that's never happened to me, but I heard of it happening to other people. And so I make sure that I have two tracks. You know, I bring the top handle. I plug it in whether well I have three inputs with that top handle. I have two XLR inputs and then I just have the, you know, the input for the like road wireless. That's input three. And so I plug in my XLR or my road mic into input 3 and then I also plug in the XLR into input one. And therefore when I go into post in Adobe Premiere, say a mic fails or one I like better, which is probably going to be the lavalier one cuz this is the closest is the track that I'm going to use and I'm going to mute the other one. And it's just redundancy. is just to make sure that if if the impossible happens because it's impossible. But guess what? It's going to happen, gear fails, especially after a lot of uses and after having a long time or not updating or whatever the reason it is, stuff fails. You got to be ready. You got to have a backup. You know, from batteries to mics to lights to memory cards failing, lenses being weird, camera going out for some reason. You got to be ready. You got to be ready for anything. Redundancy is key. And so, yeah. So, when I see uh these guys doing that, um yeah, there's no shade to them or anything like that. It's just like I hope, and I'm I'm telling you, if you're cinematography or video or local, put in the extra work. Uh pack the extra gear so that if something happens, you still have good audio because the video is nothing without audio. The video is nothing if you have to get it straight out of camera. Um, I mean, my A74 had pretty good audio in camera, but it still doesn't beat, you know, a lav or beat a a shotgun, a really expensive shotgun microphone. So, yeah. Yeah. That's why I bring that kit and it's always ready and always backups because something seems to always happen or it might happen and I don't want to be going back wasting a whole 4 hour shoot that I got paid for. It's it's a tough conversation I don't like to have. So, and also too, I'm I know I'm the professional. I should have been prepared for this and they're done that. So that's food for thought to help you out with that if you know whatever. So anyway, so let's talk about my setup and breakdown time. So I think I I think I brought it up before. I don't know, but if I didn't, bring it up again. It takes me It took me with this specific shoot, it took me an hour and 30 minutes, I think. I feel like I extended it maybe hour 10, 15 minutes to set all this up. Um, so yeah, it it it took a minute. Uh, it wasn't a simple 30 minute setup, 15 minute, 20 minute setup. It it was an hour, hour and 10, hour and 15 and some change. Um, now if I had like a first AC, uh, just a crew member, somebody to help me with it, uh, obviously it wouldn't take that long, but you bring extra people on, bring more people, then that's more money you're going to have to spend. Um, you know, it's look, it's one of those things where you're going to you're going to pay somewhere. Okay. Um, so I wanted to see not only how long this would take me to do by myself, but also, you know, to see if it was possible to take, you know, to do it by myself. Like, is it just is this ridiculous? Like, is it just too much to do by myself? Um, because, you know, yeah, I'm I'm wearing all hats, but at the same time, this is supposed to be, you know, a budget. This is supposed to be solo friendly operator operational. So yeah, I just wanted to see can I do it myself? What's the best that I can do by myself on a budget as a solo operator? Um, so yeah, I found that out. I found out it is possible. It can be done. Um, so a simp apart from the simple fact that obviously the more gear you bring, uh, the more time, more stuff you got to set up. Uh, I'm just going to say that like where am I going with this? Um I I I yeah more gear you bring obviously you're going to have to it's more time you're going to have to set up but apart from that obvious notion or obvious you know whatever uh a lot of the time spent is not really spent setting the stuff up. You know popping in the se you know the the seastand and you know tightening it up and putting the lights on the lights. A lot of the time is not taken into putting the stuff up. It's dialing in the shot, you know, being very tedious. Not tedious, but being very meticulous because it's important, tweaking small things, you know. Um, a lot of my time was spent just making sure that, you know, the shot was evenly exposed. So, like, uh, for instance, um, you know, Chris is sitting down. I was making sure he was getting the shot. like, okay, maybe I need to how let me see how close I can pull in the sheet of diffusion in the soft box without it being in the frame so I can make sure that he he that the light is as soft as it possibly can. And let me go over here to the edge light and let me make sure that I uh you know dial in the intensity of the light so it's not spreading too much but it's not too thin where you can't even see it. Uh then let me go back here on my phone and let me dial in the intensity of a light. made. Does it feel Does it look better at 11%, 12%, 5%, 2%, like what do I need to bump it all the way up to 100%. Um, you know, moving the camera forward and back to make sure that I got the pews in or and things like that. Not enough head space here, you know, negative space at the top or the bottom cuz I've done that in previous videos where it's just like a big like two armed space at the top of his head and, you know, trying to make sure that looks good and things like that. So, I feel like a good 45 minutes is just making sure everything looks good because number one or number the only reason only I don't know where I was going at that. I don't know how I wanted to name. I'm malfunctioning. Hold on. I'm wearing all hats. I'm doing all this. So, I don't have a first AC or anybody there to be able to look at the shot and focus like you know that this is their job. This is the only thing that you know the gaffer is making sure that the light set up the way it needs to do and and phoning in. And then my first AC is doing something and then I'm doing something. This is all me. I'm first AC gaffer and everything, right? So I'm I'm having to take the extra time to really make sure everything is looking good, everything is looking right. Take my time. Don't rush me because it's just me. If I go home and see that this doesn't look the way I wanted to, it's because I was rushing and I didn't take my time. It's been a whole thing and I hate when that happens. And so yeah, a lot of that time uh is taken up by just just trying to dial in the shot and and being meticulous about it. Um, but yeah, it's worth it though. Um, it's definitely worth it. And I, you know, even with today and shooting this in my living room, I made sure that I took my time. Not too much time, but took my time to make sure it looked the way that I wanted to and and dial it in. And then, of course, after that, it took like 30 minutes to take it down. 45 tops. Really 20, 15 minutes if I don't talk to people while I'm taking stuff down and getting distracted, you know. And it all fits in my car. That's really important, you know. I'm trying to get my Jeep next year. That's my goal, you know, so I can, you know, fit more stuff in there cuz the the kit's going to get bigger and I want to definitely at least bring like a first AC or a gaffer with me on on projects and definitely, you know, pay money for that. Uh, but yeah, I wanted to be able to fit in that car before we have to start renting out grip trucks and things like that. But but yeah, it all fits in my car and that's great. Um, so yeah, like I said, a lot of testing went into this, a lot of seeing how things work instead of trying to figure out on the day what I'm getting paid top dollar for it. Absolutely not. So, before this recent batch, I think I I like how I say I think I've talked about I probably did, but who cares? Stick with me. Okay, stay with me. Before this batch, I would um just bring one light, no grid, no extra pieces of diffusion. And a lot of it was just because I wanted to see if I needed to bring a bunch of gear, if I needed to, you know, not a bunch of gear, if I needed to bring an extra piece of diffusion, have that set up. if I needed to bring the edge of light because I watch other cinematographers, not specifically here in my area, but just, you know, try to try to watch and and and and follow and immerse myself in like the best cinematographers out there. And, you know, I think on one like Tom Shaw, uh, who and his and his guy Marcus, uh, they do a lot of work together out in Connecticut and stuff in New York. And, you know, they'll they'll have these elaborate lighting setups with like 15 lights and things like that. And and honestly, even the ones I've seen that are like this is solo, this is budget, this is, you know, this is budget friendly, they still bring two lights at minimum. And so I I was feeling like, man, should I is it okay for me to, you know, bring one light? Is it against the rules uh to bring just one light? And so I and rather than just hearing somebody's opinions or, you know, going off of seeing all these other people bring two lights and feeling that that's what I must do, I was going to say like, what does it look like this whole time I've been bringing one light? Can I get away with one light or do I need to bring two lights or bring a little bit more, do a little bit extra work? And I will say I did specifically for this project just for because I will say this, depending on what you're doing, the look that you're trying to achieve will determine if bringing one light, you know, depending on how much you're getting paid and the time that you have allotted to you, will you be able to bring more lights? Will you be able to do this? Will you be able to do that? And and that's another thing I want to say before I forget it or lose the thought is that um you know a lot of footage a lot of things can look better but the reason something can't look better or look its best is because of the budget is because of the time constraints is because the gear limitations but the fact that you wouldn't even know or notice that this was this was done on a budget this was done with limited gear is because the person who's behind the camera the person who came up with the idea the lighting dining room some knows what they're doing and it it overshadows the fact that they didn't have the gear or the budget or the time and that's a future video and I can't wait to film that one. So, like I said, it was necessary for me to bring extra gear specifically for this project, but I couldn't bring the gear that technically would take less light stands or less gear or make my life a little bit easier because of the space, right? So, if you don't know or if you do know, a bigger light source equals a softer light. Bigger the bigger the light source, the softer the light. And so, that's the look I'm going for. I mean, this the look I'm always going for with any of my videos. I want I want my videos to look natural. I don't want you to think that there was a key. Like, in this shot, you shouldn't know that there is a key to the left of me. It should feel as natural as possible. I mean, my light back here is kind of blowing out my face a little bit, but that's okay cuz it's I mean, it's freaking sunny today. Um, and like a heat wave, but still, it's just I want it to look as natural as possible. I don't want you I don't want it to look sory. I don't want there to look like there's a spotlight on the left side of my face. Um, and so the only way to get that look is to have a big light source. But since we're in a church with pews and I'm trying to put lights in between pews and things like that, I can't bring my big 150. It's like 150 uh aperture light. It's huge. And also too, my light's not powerful enough to shoot in it right now. I don't have a 600D or whatever 600 light that I'm trying to get uh to shoot through it. And nor do I want to rent one right now. And so I have to just work with what I have uh which is a 200X and you know add an extra piece of diffusion to spread out that light, you know, what will fit in between the pews and things like this. And so when I was writing the outline for this video and as I was thinking about it, I was just like, this is why it's so important to know the basics to understand this type of stuff. Okay, the bigger the light, the softer it is. cuz I I could like I said I could put the 450 rent a 600D and things like that but I don't have a 600D don't have the money at the time to rent it and also this is a free project and also too it just might not once we bring it there it might not fit and it might hit the pews I might have to put up like you know put it up high and the seaand falls over like a whole thing and so all I can do is get this $5 piece of diffusion fabric from you know Amazon and just attach my you know uh what is it my uh Aperture tree dome to it and and just pop it up real quick and and just play with it. You know, do I bring it bring it as close as I can with it still being in frame, but now since it's shooting through this big piece of of fabric, it's spreading out the light more, making it softer on my face. And so, it's just knowing things like that rather than just, you know, seeing everybody bringing these lights, you know, and just knowing in what scenario what I need the and play with the gear that I have to be able to get the look that I want because, yeah, big lights not going to fit in there. and I wasn't about to bring it and find out, yep, that doesn't work and we can't film today. You know what I'm saying? Um, so yeah. Um, it's just with with with knowing that and the look that I was going for, I wanted to make it it as soft as possible. And also too, seeing with other videos that I had, I think I talked earlier about how, you know, with the edge light and how like during the winter he would be dark and he would fall into the abyss. That's why I brought in the edge light. But also too, um, yeah, with other videos, uh, you know, with the softbox, it looked great. It looked fine, but it was a little overexposed. It was a little brighter than I wanted to be and and not natural because I didn't have this this setup. And also too, I was terrible about setting up my or I was terrible about bringing my small HD monitor and I was terrible about setting it up because I was tired after set up everything else. I didn't want to do one extra thing and I regret it especially after seeing how these this batch turned out with just having that because that monitor is so important especially when you have control. I'm just honestly so used to events and things like that where I'm running and gunning and I'm just paying attention to the metering mode that I forget that I have complete control over over the exposure of this image. And I need my, you know, my HD monitor to be able to see that to be able to monitor the to see that his face is in the green or in the yellow. You know, green means good, green means go for me to remember. And so I can get that natural exposed look. Yeah, I can't get it without the light and the extra piece of diffusion, but still I'm able to, you know, dial in the intensity of the light and things like that to make sure that his face is exposed and it looks as natural as possible without a key. And that is I can't do that without this small HD monitor. And that's why I kind of love filming here at my house cuz when I film in the studio, the cameras feels like 30 ft from me. So, I can't just reach up there and tap in. And like it's not, this camera is not super far from me, but in the studio, it's super far and I just can't reach over the desk to do that. So, I have to I have to, you know, rely on the metering mode versus here at the house, I can just tap on the, you know, exposure and just see like, okay, you know, my face is lit how I want to. The color grade looks good in this. The, you know, the the the what is it called? The white balance looks good. Yeah. Things just like that. And so I just feel like this is just the best example of like, yeah, it looked good. It looked decent, but look how it could look better when I brought some extra stuff when I took the extra time when I really sat down and thought about like, how can I improve on the image that I already have cuz here's the thing, the previous videos did get me a job that did I was able to pitch it to clients and I did land jobs with the stuff. But to know that, hey, I can I can make that look better. I really sit down and think it and this is this is the look that I'm going for. this is the workflow. This is the gear that I'm going to bring for other clients and guaranteed to look like that no matter what space I'm in. Now, of course, things are going to, you know, you know, going to change a little bit if I can bring my small um, you know, Aperture 3 dome without the extra piece of diffusion as close to the subject as possible to get the look or bounce something off the ceiling. That's what I'm going to do. But, we'll talk about that in a future video. We'll really break that s down. Uh, so anyway, so yeah. So, I just want to preface that this lighting setup is deemed or considered beginner, the bare minimum. yeah, I mean, it's it's it's deemed beginner and it took me an hour and a half to set up. Um, and I mean, but at the end of the day, this is on a budget and this is for somebody who's just going to do it by themselves and do it solo. Uh, but I hope it it it it makes it makes it very clear that I just don't show up and I just push a button, you know, I just don't turn on the lights in my house or I just don't, you know, turn them all off and just like this image just came naturally. Like, no, this this took 2 hours to set up. It's going to take another 2 hours to break down, you know, stuff like that. A lot of dialing in, a lot of playing with different pieces of equipment to get this look. And so, yeah. And I laugh if you see me keep putting the hand up here because I'm not trying to hit my mic and stuff. But anyway, um so yeah. So if you're talking head videos, um if you want your talking head videos to look like this, I hope it helps. I hope it doesn't discourage, but I hope it helps you understand that it's more than just, you know, buying a cinema camera is more than just going out and buying, you know, a key light that a creator told you to buy and just setting it up at 45° angle. Like, there's there's a lot of there's a lot of testing. There's a lot of, you know, playing with how it looks. I I'm trying to find my words here. There's a lot of dialing and tedious, meticulous things that you have to do to get this look. This look doesn't come straight out of the box. It doesn't come straight out of camera just pushing the button. This This took some time. This took some effort. This took some thought. And if you see in videos after this one uh here in the next couple months, you'll see how I've been playing around in my living room trying to dial in and get the look that I really want. And this this is it. This is this is what I this is what I was looking for. This is what I was going for. And this was just through trial and error and just testing and seeing how I can prove how I can get better and get the look that I that I wanted that I wanted to achieve. And yeah, that's it. It's not impossible. Uh it just it just takes some time, takes some effort, and just takes some dedication to just, you know, try to get better, test it, and get the look that you want. You know, it is what it is. So, I hope you found this video helpful. Hope you found um you know some great insight that'll help you with your videos um and and lighting it and and setting it up rather than just you know hearing a YouTuber tell you that you need to get an F22 and set it on a seand at a 45°ree angle and push record with an expensive cinema camera. I'm saying this from my own experience. I had to learn I had to figure out I had to test some stuff to get my stuff to look this way. So I hope this video was helpful. It was probably a long one. I I tend to rant. I'm so sorry. It is what it is, but I hope it was worth it. It was helpful. So, if it was helpful though, like that, like, push that like button, subscribe, share with a friend because sharing is caring. And I'll catch you in the next video. I love you so much. Bye. E.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AcastroAX [4 likes]: If you want to take an advice is buy a color checker and learn how to use it
  2. @Mac_Choudhry [4 likes]: I don't know...I kinda disagree with the place not having a good place to compose the shots, you could sit him where the congregation sit (on the bench) and have some back light come down as rim light from the windows above and the bench would be the leading line to him, if the backlight from the window were to be too high then you could leverage one of your two lights as a rim side light and the other be the key light. I think that would have been a great option no? :) Good stuff regardless.
  3. @corporatejt [2 likes]: Let's Get This Bag Sis! You can take over the world with one light. TRUST me. We out here!
  4. @stephenhopes634 [1 likes]: Hey Leah, I love your story, practice redundancy audio you got it covered but in this space the bar is damn high so you can't be too careful... 
inspiring,
Steve - Sydney, Australia
  5. @arielespiro [1 likes]: You will get there sooner than you think!
  6. @favorandfaithfulness [1 likes]: Great job Sis!
  7. @black.label.fitness: Great video!
  8. @NIKEGDS: Great work and advice! Thank you. Your dialogue is refreshing, real.
  9. @outdoorsinontario3037: Nice videos, good looking images…. Audio sounds good too….
It might be good to have some sort of a script only cause of the repeating info and random stuff that drags a bit.

Ur church shot looks good, I really like it.
Cool setup too. Well done!
  10. @19bprojects82: Great job. Keep going.
  11. @35mmdigitalcinema: She is a cinematographer 😂😂😂😂 really ??? So you videoed a bunch of interviews and Calle yourself a DP lol 😂😂😂😂 so tell me what movies have you actually filmed for cinema, that entitles you to call yourself a cinematographer ??? Just asking 😬😊
  12. @Flmdby: lol I  fumbling my words too when I’m in front of the camera talking.
  13. @35mmdigitalcinema: No mater how you light or how many lights you still shit at it.
  14. @kingbossmedia: “Man I learned a lot fr 🙏🏾 lighting, setup, all that been a struggle for me but you make it sound too easy. I’m definitely subscribing 🔥”
  15. @adamjared1: Great video
  16. @mouctardiallo9062: You made this Fx3 look like An Arri Alexa mini LF✨✨✌️
  17. @RichardCornelius: Do you use false color to expose? That can help dial in the shoot quicker.
  18. @ecs2sytech945: You just picked up a subscriber.
  19. @JCurtisMedia: I subbed just because I love value and collaboration so I  want to come back and finish watching! #newsub
  20. @ContentByMrG: Great work!

- How to Film CINEMATIC Talking Head Videos with Your Smartphone (Step-by-Step Guide!): Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling to shoot cinematic talking head videos because you don't have expensive cameras or equipment, don't worry. I've got you covered. In this video, I'll show you how to do with just your smartphone at zero cost. And if you guessed it, yes, the video you're watching right now is being filmed on my Xiaomi 12. I'm so excited for this one. So, let's dive right in. The first step is to pick your location. It could be either your dining, your bedroom, or even your office. Regardless of whatever location you pick, the same concept applies. And for the purpose of this video, I'm going to be using my workspace. The next step is lighting. And since we're trying to pull this off on a zero budget, our best bet will be to use the sunlight, which is free. In this space, I have two windows. This one here and this one here. [Music] Most times your background will be determined by the position of your main light source. For this tutorial, I'm going to be using this area with the shelf as my backdrop because I like the shelf and then my workspace. It makes my background a little bit interesting. That doesn't mean you can't use a plain background. If a plain background is all you have, by all means, go for it. But you can also spice it up by adding interesting items in the background like wall frames, plants, lamps, or anything generally interesting that would add texture to that background. Now that we figured out our background, next step is to clean up the background so that it's not too distracting. Take out items that are not important there. I'll start by cleaning up my workspace. We are done clearing up the background and just leaving the important things that we need. The next step will be to set up our camera for a talking head video. And since we are doing this on a zero budget, our best bet would be to use anything at all available that will help us raise the camera to eye level. For that, I'm going to be using this table here. When filming with your phone, it is advised to use the back camera and make sure you clean your lens before you start shooting. For resolution, I would be shooting 4K. Just use the highest resolution your phone support. And for frame rate, I use 30 frames for my talking head. Now, we're done setting up. The next thing will be to start filming. But before we start filming, the most important thing to do is to turn off the overhead light. And the reason is because the color temperature from the overhead light might differ from the color temperature of the sunlight coming in. So you'll start seeing different colors and we don't want that. This is what the video looks with the overhead lights turned off. I think we are good to go. If you really want to spice things up the middle row on the shelf there, you can place a light. In my case, I'm going to use this cheap sunset lamp I got off Timo. It was really, really cheap. And then I'm going to power it with this power bank. This is what the light looks like. This is what the video looks like with the lamp turned on in the background. For me, I really really love it. If you like it, it's something you can easily go ahead and try in your own video. Now that we're done setting up, the next step is audio. And it is very important to get good audio because people can forgive a very bad video quality, but not a very bad audio quality. You can use the microphone on the phone you're using to record, but because of the distance between you and the phone, the audio might not be so so great. So our best option in this case will be to get another phone and use it as an audio source and then sync up the audio later in post. So I'm just going to film something quickly using different audio sources we have presently so that you will hear the difference. So this is what I sound like using the microphone on my Xiaomi 12 that I'm using to film right now. And this is what I sound like using the microphone on this other phone that I'm holding right here. I bet you can already tell the difference. That will be all for this video. Setting up a talking head shouldn't cost you so much. And I hope you've been able to learn a thing or two from the entire process. If you got value from this video, please do subscribe and click the like button as this helps the algorithm to suggest this video to more people who might need it. I'm looking forward to seeing how you implement some of the things you've learned in this video into your own videos. And if you do post them, please do tag me on my social media handles. I would like to see them. And until the next video, keep creating.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fowokemiadeniji1710 [1 likes]: Very very practical
  2. @chiomajoy7950 [1 likes]: Wow!

This is something I've been looking for!
  3. @astudiedlife: Am I the only one who thought the phone audio sounded better than the second one. Thanks for sharing
  4. @dmitrybrich: Great bro!
  5. @ewaneshaniceclaireemerald735: Wow thank y so much ❤
  6. @CaptainUmoru: Pretty surprised at the Xiaomi's microphone quality. Wow!
  7. @maddyco99: Thanks bud!

Straight to the point, no bs!
  8. @PurposefulFaith: I like this video!
  9. @can8fig: Thanks brother.
  10. @Caleblaz: Love this! It was very helpful
  11. @debbyiyoha2787: An insightful video.  Thanks for sharing.
  12. @AkinddKemi: ❤
  13. @lealKODA: Well-done, Bro.

❤💪
  14. @peculiareze902: Insightful. Thanks
  15. @oacthecreator: Soft!
  16. @sultishaeimanie: 👏👏👏
  17. @1Menzy: This looks good 👏
  18. @emmanuelekwunoh8149: Thanks for the update as always ❤️
How do I give my video a blurry background
  19. @polycarpandrew4474: A good one 👍🏾
  20. @asisifromjos: Very clear and detailed 😊

- How To Achieve A Cinematic Talking Head Frame: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I'm in my new studio and I've been here for about two weeks now if you've seen my last video you maybe remember that I mentioned that I want to show you how I set up this whole talking head shot and how I light everything so that's exactly what I'm going to do today I'm going to show you how I set up this shot that you're seeing right now let's go a bit back in time to the point where I started setting up this whole shot I'm going to start by setting up the camera so you can see what the starting point looks like I'm going to put the camera right about where this speaker is a little bit above and then point it that direction so I have a godok sliding stand here and then a fall cam magic arm with a cheese plate here just so I can attach it to this thing and then I'm going to put the camera on here the lens I'm going to use is the sigma 40 to 24 mm f2.8 I'm also going to add a monitor so I can see the image much easier and I don't have to look at the small camera screen the monitor I'm going to use is a port Keys LH 7p I'm not sure if you can hear but the monitor makes some crazy noise all right right now this is our starting position for the talking head shot I have the camera at eye level and the lens is at mm now I'm going to start adding some lights and I'm going to start with the key light that's going to light my face this is not so easy as I thought now I have the gravity pole in place so I can attach the key light with the help of a super clamp the key light I'm going to be using is the amaran 60D s with a aperture light though mini now I have the key light in place let's see how it looks through this camera there's maybe a bit too much much natural light coming in that's better now let's see how it looks with the key light on it's a bit too bright that's pretty good I would say just making small adjustments to the composition let's see the before and after without and with the key light the reason why I chose to put the key light on on this side is because the window light also comes from the same side so it motivates that light next up I want to add some small practical lights and see how that looks so I have this one I can turn on there you go and then I also have this one in the background that I can turn on boom yeah I like how the Practical lights look in the background gives a bit more character to the image and now because I have this practical light in the background it would make sense to motivate that light with some Rim light on this side on me so I think I'm going to do that it's going to be really subtle but it's going to help make me pop from the background a bit more so the way I'm going to add the rim light is to take a c stand and then a lead tube and attach it on the C stand and then have it hanging from here let's see if it works all right let's see what what it looks like so it's pretty bright I'm going to turn it down could be a bit more towards the back now let's see I think I can move it even more I just don't want it to be visible in the shot because that would not look good so now it's barely outside the front frame I could actually use a grid on the lead tube then it doesn't spill as much so I have this grids for my lead tubes I'm going to put this on lead tube yeah now it doesn't spill as much on the table and on the back as it did before I added a grid so I like that just testing how it looks with full power and that's way too much I would say 10% is pretty pretty good I'm going to keep it at 10% so here's what the shot looks like without the key light and the rim light we just have the practicals and the window light natural light from the window now let's turn on the key light boom and and we have the rim light the key light is about 45° from the camera and how you always know that it's in the right position you get this light triangle on your cheek sorry I did some changes off camera it's nothing huge but just some minor tweaks I changed the key light from the 60 DS to the amaran f22c the reason why I Chang the key light is because I like to have the key light a bit warmer than 5,600 Kelvin and on the 60ds you can't change the Kelvin then I switch these two practical light I switched their places got some also got some new prints on the wall there's also some echo in this room and I try to reduce it by adding this curtain on the wall there's still a tiny bit of echo just enough to annoy me so I still have to add something on the walls to get completely rid of the echo I'm happy to hear if you have any good suggestions for the echo problem now let's see the lights boom and Boom at some point I'm going to also buy curtains for these windows just to get softer natural light but for now this setup is good this is it the final image I'm pretty happy with how it turned out let me know your thoughts in the comments of course this shot will not stay like this forever it's going to evolve I maybe going to add some things here and there but it's a pretty good start I would say and if you have any suggestions what I could add to this studio I'm more than happy to read your comments thank you for watching till the end I really enjoyed making this video and I hope you find it helpful check out my Instagram if you haven't at Tobias Hill there and see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kuyserlo: ❤❤❤
  2. @TheKairus: Nice look and consistent video... keep going 👊
  3. @nas.r: Your setup are prety good , rly good job mate
  4. @miosoderstrom: Great video🔥🤝🏼

- Lighting Hacks for Filming Interviews in Small Spaces: Kind: captions Language: en hey folks welcome back on my last interview setup we had an amazing location lots of time and an abundancy of light to work with on today's interview setup we had the exact opposite we had to work with a really small location we only brought one of our own lights and we were strapped for time but we still made it look high production quality how we did it I will show you in this video my name is Damien Cooper and welcome to another cinematography breakdown the video that we were filming was a small commercial for a beauty clinic in particular we were talking about skin care and how our protagonists had really bad skin and form of acne and now afterwards she's really happy with her skin and the story we wanted to portray also plays a little bit into how I lit this interview set up but I will talk about this in detail a little later let's start our breakdown with the location and as I've already mentioned it was a really small apartment that our client booked for us one side of the apartment was covered in mirrors so we couldn't shoot in this direction because otherwise we would have been visible in a shot that only left us with one direction to shoot in and we couldn't really create a lot of depth and separate our subject from our background because again the location was really small since I couldn't physically separate her from the background because the location was too small I had to use some lighting trips but I will talk about this in a minute let's only really briefly talk about the camera equipment that I use and that was a Blackmagic pocket 6K with the sigma 18-35 I only used one camera on the shoot because I shot this commercial about two years ago in the height of kobit 19. at the time there were really strict limitations of how many people were allowed on set in a small location for how long so I decided to go really easy one-man band with one camera One microphone and one light since this was only the first out of two shooting locations for the day I also decided to not go for a shotgun microphone setup because that would have required me to bring another c-stand a boom pole a shotgun microphone and would have just wasted a lot of time so I decided to just go with a clip on lavalier microphone so with this out of the way let's talk about the most important thing about this shoot and that was the lighting as I've already mentioned I only brought one light but I also made use of the available light on our location on our camera left we had a huge window with natural light spilling into the room so I positioned my subject that the natural light coming into the room actually acted as a rim light and this helped tremendously separating her from the background even though she was sitting very close to it and it gave her this little bit of silhouette on her arm but also on the chair and separated the chair a little bit more from the couch in the background as our second light source I used a practical that I found on location and I'm a huge fan of using practicals in interview setups or when lighting is seen in general this was just a regular tungsten light bulb with a gold and black shade around it since I couldn't control either the Practical or the sunlight spilling in I had to expose for our scene without using any additional lights so I tried to find a balance where I didn't have to blow out the practical but I could also still use our sunlight spilling in as a rim light with this practical in the background we created several things number one we create color contrast and I will talk about this in detail in a minute number two we created different layers and this is really important and I talked about this in a lot of my videos that we need to create pattern to create depth with this circular light shade we were able to create a light pattern going from Bright to dark to Bright to dark Etc and this helps tremendously to add volume and depth to your scene and as a third effect we created another Rim light and that was useful for separating her even more from the background and usually I only like to go with run Rim light but since we had a motivation for both of our rim lights the window on the left side as well as the Practical on the right side and she was sitting so close to our background that I really felt the need for separating her even more I think we could actually get away with it so now let's talk about our key light in a lot of scenarios I like to go for something that's called a Rembrandt lighting and that means we place our key light in a 45 degree angle towards our subject and with this we get this really nice highlights to Shadow roll off creating this little triangle of Light On the Dark Side of our subject and this is also what I'm using for this talking head setup but since this was a beauty commercial especially focusing on skin care I decided to go with something called a beauty or butterfly lighting and in order to achieve this we boom our light source way up high above our subject in around a 30 to 45 degree angle and here we need to be careful to not go too top heavy because that way we could create unwanted Shadows under her eyes and an indicator that we did a good job is when the shadow under her nose looks somewhat like a butterfly and this is why it's also called Butterfly lighting so this kind of lighting we achieved two things number one we light her face quite evenly and therefore kinda hide some blemishes and Imperfections and number two we create this nice shadow under her cheekbones thus elevating her cheekbones and creating a really nice Beauty look and accentuating some beauty features especially on female faces another thing to look out for when placing a light source is that we're still catching this highlight because we want that catch light in her eyes to make her eyes look Vivid and Lively as my source of key light I use the flexible light matte with a soft box as well as a grit and I think I used a falcon eyes something or the other but this isn't the light that I would recommend anymore so I will link some different options down in the description below and using a flexible light mat for these kind of setups is amazing because it's really lightweight and you can easily boom it up without having to use heavy C stands and it also works in a small location like this one so now the last thing I want to touch on is the color contrast that I mentioned earlier color contrast is also a great way to not only make your image look a little bit more interesting but also to create different layers and therefore more depth in your image our tungsten light is really warm especially with the golden light shade and I would assume that it was around 2700 Kelvin I remember the day being very overcast and rainy so we had a really diffused sunlight coming in from the window on our camera left and I assume it was around 7000 Kelvin so therefore we had a really cool light on our camera left and in contrast we had a really warm tungsten light on our camera right I set my camera's white balance to 5600 Kelvin and that was also the color temperature that I chose for my key light this way the light on the skin is perceived as neutral and white but we're still creating a lot of color contrast with the cool light spilling in on our camera left and the really warm Glide in contrast on the right side of our image and with this color contrast we're not only making our image look a bit more interesting but we also add some depth and volume to our shot so now is our last step on our cinematography breakdown let's briefly talk about the color grain I shot everything in the film or flat profile whatever the flat profile is called on the Blackmagic pocket 6K and as our first step I added a color correction meaning I added some contrast leveled out the exposure and added some saturation in I exposed mostly for the background to not blow out either the Practical or the window on our camera left and then I added a shape mask to bring up the exposure where she was sitting and as a last step I added one of my costume Luts from the Blackmagic Lut pack and this one was called Bluebird and if you're interested I will link them down in the description below for you to check out so that was it that was my cinematography breakdown of this interview setup where we had a small location I only brought one light and we leveraged the available light on location if you're interested in diving way deeper into the whole topic of creating cinematic interviews I'm releasing a full master class on how to shoot interviews from audio to lighting to storytelling everything in the very near future so make sure to subscribe to the channel to not miss it and on one of our next breakdowns we will do the exact opposite from this shoot where we will break down a big commercial campaign that we shot with lots of Lights in a really cool location so make sure to hit that subscribe button and I will see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @damiencooper [14 likes]: Can you relate to jobs with little time and little equipment?
  2. @FAMEAcademyNY [1 likes]: The color correction part was very impressive.
  3. @clientmark: Everything is perfect and then you keep the lav mic visible 😢
  4. @fpdima: I just discovered your channel. GREAT STUFF!!! I’ve been shooting for 27 years and I always learn something new or at least newish.  Thanks!
  5. @gloria858: you had a window in the room. did you consider including that in the shot somehow as a motivating light or does the hair light count?
  6. @michaelfotofilm: Danke für die Informationen.
Welches Licht hast du für das Sun Light benutzt?
  7. @vahidamini1863: ✌...
  8. @orlandojonesphotography: Excellent video. Thank you for sharing!
  9. @coachpeterwilliam: Love this… what a beautiful shot!
  10. @LizbethNoble-uf2xr: Can you share settings on the lights
  11. @ToneRoss: Can you do a breakdown of treating the audio in post? That would be super dope!
  12. @Cancan_lv: 感谢！视频非常有用！希望能看到更多作品~~
  13. @richirusli: do u use any cutter light for the key light or no ?
  14. @SAINTwolfVISION: Why do you prefer the parabolic cob over the flat panels now?
  15. @xkorbekx: What do you mean by dont go too “top heavy”? Not directly above her head?
  16. @CetrePegues: Is there a link to the finished interview?
  17. @ASDPOWER: I like that the practical motivates both the rim and the key. 
I get a lot out of your videos ! 
spent time in Germany love the direct approach easy for my autism to understand. No fluff!!!!
  18. @Mcfoxter: Thanks for sharing your breakdown Damien. Your content is an excellent resource for learning. Beautifully filmed
  19. @kev_daily: Lovely ❤
  20. @djvoicy1653: Great job 👏 will try this setup 👍

- Best Budget Video Lighting Setup for Under $100 (Step by Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en If you're just getting started on YouTube, and you're trying to figure out how to have professional looking video, but you can't figure out how to make your footage go from this to looking like this. Let's jump right into it. All right, we're here, and this is what probably your footage looks like if you're watching this video. You want to make it look like we talked about earlier. So, this right here isn't just horrible, right? I mean, if you got to make a video this way, and this is all you got, then make it. Make it work, right? One side note I will suggest, if you don't have any type of lighting, and you really don't have any money to get started, is to place yourself in front of a window that has some pretty good light coming in, and then hanging up a like a thin sheet or a thin shower curtain to kind of make that light a little bit soft, so you can have a little bit better lighting than what you have right now. But then, that kind of limits you to having to do things during the day. And for most of you watching this video, I'm pretty sure you got a day job, and at night time, you know, the sun isn't out, so, yeah. Which leads us to our next option, purchasing some really good priced lights. Now, the light we're going to be talking about today is the dog mounts light. It runs for about $45 if you just get one, and about 75 to 85 dollars if you get the double pack, which I think is a pretty good value. All right, here's the thing. So, uh this is the dog mounts light. It's pretty cool. It comes with a nice little light bulb inside right here. It comes with this whole uh softbox right here. Covers it up, makes it a little bit softer, makes it looks look look better on your face. Um and then it plugs in, has a remote control, and you can control the color temperature, which I'll show you guys that probably here in a little bit. So, one thing you want to do, we have our camera here, right? We have our subject, whoever we're recording. So, what you want to do is you want to take it, the light, and you want to put it at a 45° angle. Um it can either be to your left or to your right or right left, depending on how you're looking at it. But, you want to have a 45° angle either right here or right there. All right? And then the next thing you want is you want it to be high up. All right, this light stand doesn't go up as high as I like. But, get it pretty high up and then you want to angle it down at your face. All right. Here's the thing that's pretty cool about this. When you do that, especially if you can get a light stand um that's tall enough. I don't think this is the one that came with it. I've had it for a while. But, you get a light stand with this dog mount right here. You get the the box, you get the light bulb, you get the remote control, which is right here. It's a pretty good remote control, great. So, you're able to control a lot of different things with this here controller. So, you can turn it on. You can control the color temperature, which means it's going to look warmer, it's going to look cooler, whiter. And then you control the brightness as well. Which is all stuff you need to pay attention to if you're going to do that. All right. So, here's the thing. What we're going to do is put this at a 45° angle and one step you want to take before you do any of this is to turn off all of your house lights or your like room lights, right? So, I have a light over here because this is literally like a old storage closet that I have renovated until the light actual lights don't even work in here. Um but, I put a light up here to simulate like a house light being on. Um so, what I'm going to do and whatever lights you have in your room, your fan light, ceiling ceiling fan light, all those kind of stuff, you're going to turn off all the lights in the room. You're going to make sure all the blinds are closed. You're going to make sure that you can do this so that you can have full control of the lighting in the room. You don't want too much spilling in from outside and you don't want the weird different colors of the light that you may have above your head on your ceiling to interfere with the color of the light that's on the screen or behind your camera. All right, so you turn those off. Boom, it's dark in here and then we're going to simply turn on this light right here. All right, so you see right here. I mean it already looks better for some of me. I can adjust it right here and we can turn down the brightness some right there. And depending on the settings of your camera you can have something that looks pretty good, I'm going to say, right? All right, so you got this right here. You can play with this. It's too bright, turn it down. You got you a pretty good light right here. And so with this one you can play around with it a lot, right? You can have it at this 45° angle. You can have it more of a kind of straight up angle right here. It was a little bit more front facing right there, but it kind of looks like you're being interrogated. I don't really like that one. Unless you're going for the look, I mean, hey, hey. If you get real creative, man, you can probably even like hang it from the ceiling or you have a big C stand or just other equipment like you got sitting around. You can put it off to the side, have this really dramatic kind of thing coming in here. This is just one light, right? If any of these don't look how you want it to look, I mean, this is this is good to get you started, but my favorite, like I said before just put it at 45° angle. That way it's not directly on your face. Try to get it as close as you can to you without it being in the camera angle. And this is going to help the closer it gets to you, the more flattering it is on your face, the more um nice your face will look. And it just I mean it's just good. I mean you seeing it right here. You seeing it right there. It looks pretty good. Now, this is good enough to stop it. I mean if you like this look and you like this feel, then go for it. Now, this is what you would call your key light. This is the main light that that shines on your subject or signs shines on you. That way, you know, you get some pretty good stuff. So, no matter the quality of your camera, it still looks pretty good. So, let's talk about one more light that you need. You don't need to buy too many lights. Like I said, you could stop right here. This is perfect. This is good enough. This gets you started. The next light we want to bring up is a back light or a background type of light. Um I'm not like a filming expert. So, I don't know all the names. I just know what I call them. All right. So, a back light a good back light that I have is a it's I don't know if it's a no no name brand no brand uh light, but it says ESDI or maybe one. Um but this thing is a pretty cool. I had this thing for a long time. Um I bought it because some YouTuber told me to buy it. I mean you would do the same thing here, right? And so, this is a pretty cool light. It is a LED light that is very very bright. If you turn it on right here. All right, very very bright light right And you can turn down. You can turn up. Again, you can change the color temperature of it. Um which if you're not familiar with what that is, it's going to look more blue or look more orange. Um kind of do whatever you want to what you feel for that one. The thing about this one compared to the soft box right here is that um this is one that doesn't really have too many like features. Like I mean it has a lot of good features, but it doesn't have like a remote control and different things like that. This is a light you just put in the back and kind of just, you know, it's back there. You kind of forget about it. You really don't have to adjust it too much. Um but it's a pretty great light. So here's the thing, I couldn't find this exact model on Amazon, but what I did is I linked it down below. I linked one down below that's very similar to it because um you can put it on a stand and you can adjust it and stuff like that. So um let's go ahead and see what that looks like when you put the back light on you. All right, so we got our back light. Let's go ahead and set it up. So you want to make sure you get your a pretty decent light stand if you want to hang stuff up or put lights on it. This one right here is a JBM which is complete overkill because this is a very professional brand. I think a friend of mine gave these to me or let me borrow them and then maybe I'm still borrowing them. We're we're trying to figure that part out, right? All right, so we got this in And you're going to put this light on a light stand and I can list some I can link some light stands down below. Um you don't want anything just like super duper cheap, but you want something that's at least metal or some type of tough uh material that that won't just like bend on you. Uh JBM, if you got the money, I suggest you get them. They're pretty good. Um the light stands that came with the mount box, I mean the mount dog soft box are pretty good, too. I haven't really had any issues with them. Actually, I think I interchange them between even more expensive lights that I have. Um and I trust them I trust them with that. So if you're going to do this, and this is kind of your back light right here. So this light, I mean it can be used just like this soft box in multiple ways. So as you can see here with these two lights for about 80 bucks, man, your video quality is already better. You got this back light right here. This is What is this is doing is creating an outline. It's kind of separating me from the background just a little bit and it kind of just adds a little bit more oomph, you know, to the video. And so, you got your you got your softbox right here. You got that right here. Um y'all see how it's set up back here. And here's the thing about it, man. You can play around with this one, too. Just like you can put this one off to the side and put it up there if you could hang it from the ceiling. So, yeah, let's play around with this back light. So, you got it right here where you can turn it more on you. You can play around with the um the levels of it. I got it like real bright to just exaggerate the point, but you can play around with that. If I had a remote control for this one, I would most definitely adjust this one right there, but you can get it more towards you and less on the background so it can kind of fill in your face a little bit more. You can point it more towards the background so that you can just have it back there. Or, you can do this pretty cool thing right here where you can just drop it all the way down and then angle it up. And then it creates this radio thing uh behind you where it looks like you've been spending time with the Lord or something like you've been in fasting and praying for like the whole month or something like that. That way you just look like, "Oh." Right there. And so, there's many different ways that you can play around with these lights. I mean, these are just two lights. Two lights. 45 bucks. About 35 bucks. If my math is right, about 80 bucks for all of that and you'll never have to buy a light ever again. And listen, this is going to work for any type of camera that you have, whether you have an iPhone, uh whatever, or a fancier Sony camera, or maybe even something fancier than what I have right now. The point is that you just need to get started creating content. If your stuff doesn't look as perfect as you want it to be, it's okay. Go ahead and just simply start recording and then get better with every single video and every single upload. So, I'd encourage you don't stress out too much. If you have time to go back and fix videos that you haven't posted yet, go ahead, knock it out, man. But, if you don't, just post what you got. If you already edited something, you already got it and it doesn't look as good as you want it to look, just post it. But, with your next video, make sure that you set this up like this. All right? Simple light right here, another light in your back. Boom, there you go. So, in the next video, I'm going to show you how to take your setup or your lights or whatever from looking like this to this. So, go ahead and click this video right here and we'll talk about them over there. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @djcosmeticslab [8 likes]: Spending time with the lord!!! 😂
  2. @hdforeal8059 [5 likes]: Keep on dropping this type of tutorial i like this video🔥
  3. @txgirlinchina9322 [5 likes]: Thank you for creating this video. I was ready to create content but then all the lighting videos I watched stopped me in my tracks. This was exactly what I needed to see and hear. Keep up the amazing content! 😊🎉
  4. @mindnmessiah [4 likes]: This by far the most practical straightforward video. Thanks alot
  5. @CraftyNurseQ [4 likes]: This is excellent. Thank you. 💜🙏🏾💜
  6. @milkbread5036 [4 likes]: Prefect video! Thank you so much for the step by step demonstration!!
  7. @cannonbonde [3 likes]: I love your content brother! Thank you for putting out valuable information ❤
  8. @BASheppard [3 likes]: Thanks for the video
  9. @parduamlunarrao7650 [2 likes]: This is teaching at its finest!
  10. @lordace8806 [2 likes]: I appreciate you my brother I just dropped a like and subscribe because how you talk your not trying to confuse me
  11. @cyclopsjoevideos [2 likes]: Absolutely Awesome video . Subbed  right away
  12. @drwillspeaks [1 likes]: Thanks for this simple video. Improved my lighting game 100%
  13. @sorosfox3801 [1 likes]: Great content. Love it! Thank you for the great simple advice. Can you cover how to deal with us glasses wearers?
  14. @noname487-u1o [1 likes]: Great video!!!
  15. @Simplybe.U [1 likes]: Great information, thanks.
  16. @realnineknowledge [1 likes]: great video
  17. @oswaldocruz396 [1 likes]: Thank you so very much for your video sir.
  18. @1111_Millionaire [1 likes]: Thank you, this video was very helpful,!
  19. @deepanshunegi160 [1 likes]: Your focal length is so wide
  20. @onemanarmy_64: https://youtube.com/@mrwhips?si=0-ouzYoHDfYC8U53

- CHEAP LIGHTING SETUP on a Budget! - DIY: Kind: captions Language: en - [Peter] What's up everybody. Peter McKinnon here and today talking about this horrible lighting situation and how to make it look like this for less than 50 bucks. (techno music) Welcome back to another tutorial. So glad to have you guys here and I know what you're thinking. What!? I can get these lighting results for less than $50. Yes. Yes you can and it's honestly, like I'll be honest. I will be 100 percent honest. So easy to do. Lighting is something that scares a lot of people and they either think to themselves like "I just don't care to light something" and just no interest and that's fine. There's also the people who are like "I don't have the money or the budget "or kind of like the interest in learning "about which lights to buy "and then spending the money on those lights." I totally get that too. Then there's the people who are like "I would love to light something well "but I know Pete that you always say "natural light is the best. "Find that natural light. "But I live in a basement apartment." Or "My apartment faces a brick wall in New York "and I get no sunlight in there." Or "I'm shooting in a building today "that has no windows." So sometimes, you gotta rig up a lighting system and this is kind of what I've rigged up today, which is a typical kind of home-office setup. It's a little bit edgy. I've got that fall-off on my left side of my face here to add that dramatic kind of cinematic feel. If I wanted to fill that in a little bit I could add a little bit of extra light there but I kinda like that edgy, mysterious, cinematic look a little bit more. I think it pops. So even though this is a really budget DIY lighting setup, if I'm being paid thousands and thousands of dollars to do a commercial gig, I'm probably not gonna use this setup. Full disclosure. I'm going to use professional lights and modifiers and stuff that I've already purchased for a gig of that caliber. But if I'm someone that's starting in photography or if I'm new to photography or if I'm just try to figure out lighting and I wanna dabble and start to play around with it a little bit this is the perfect kind of thing to mess around with and go out and buy the items and try it out for yourself so you can see what the difference light makes because it's not always about the camera that you're using. The light is the biggest aspect of photography be it that you're shooting outside or inside or you're using natural light or strobes or speed lights on top of your camera, or you've got a setup like this. Or you've gotta $10,000 professional studio lighting setup. Light is so important. It's crucial and it's gonna make or break your photos. Your gonna need some clamps. You can buy these at a hardware store for like $.99 or at a photography shop, they're gonna cost you, I don't know why I said photography shop. I've never said that. It's a camera shop. At a camera shop they're gonna cost you like five bucks max per clip. But they're really, really strong. I use them all the time. I suggest getting some anyway. You're gonna need like three pieces of foam core. Just go to Walmart and get them. They're usually like a dollar max per piece so it should cost you less than $3 if they're on sale or whatever. You're gonna need an LED light. Now, instead of going to buy a huge LED panel or some Westcott Flex LED Light, which is awesome by the way, but instead of buying that professional photo gear that I was telling you about that the camera shop would sell for thousands or hundreds and hundreds and hundreds go to Home Depot and you're gonna buy this Husky LED light panel. It's a work light so if you're workin' in the garage, your workin' outside, you plug it in, it lights up the workspace. You're good to go. But we're gonna use that LED light to light this scene and that's the only light right now that I'm using. I don't have this on the shopping list but if you wanna go to Ikea and buy a desk lamp you can do that and an extra piece of foam core so you can bounce that light off that form core to fill in that negative space. But like I said, I prefer more of the edgy look so I don't really think you need to buy a desk lamp so I'm gonna leave that off the list. You're also gonna need gels. Now you can get these at a camera shop. You can order them on Amazon. I'm gonna drop some links below so you guys can navigate to this stuff easily. These are colored pieces of really thin plastic if you will. It's like a, is it a plastic? It's not paper but, I don't know. It looks like this. Kinda looks like, see how it changes the color. What would you say that, whatever. Gels. Just look it up. I'll drop the links below. Another thing, one of my favorite things in the whole world, gaff tape. I love gaff tape. You don't have to use it. Masking tape would be good too. Duct tape's way too sticky and it'll just rip off your, rip off your face when you try to pull it off anything. It's way too strong. So get some gaff tape, get some masking tape. We're gonna use that to tape the gels over the lights. The last thing you're gonna need is a light stand. It can be a cheap one. It doesn't matter how expensive it is. You just need something that can extend into the air. You can use an ironing board for this depending on what you lean it against. I'll drop some links to some really cheap light stands below. I definitely recommend investing in one of them or a couple of them because they always come in handy. But we're using this light stand and those duct clamps to clamp those pieces of foam core to for our kind of, our little scrim modifier, little DIY project here, okay. So, we got light stands, we got LED panels, we got gaff tape, we got clamps, we got gels. That's pretty much it. So the first thing we gotta do is turn off the lights in here completely so it's dark. And then, we're gonna turn on our LED light panel. Okay, so we've got some back light from our monitor but you can't depend on that. So we need to turn on the LED. That's not gonna work whatsoever. Way too bright. Looks absolutely disgusting. So we need to bounce this off the pieces of foam core that we bought and we gotta adjust our camera settings a little bit. We're gonna bring down that aperture, bring down that ISO and bring down that shutter because, whoo, this is not workin'. Okay, we've adjusted our They're good. That's where I like them. Now we gotta fix this lighting setup because, that's why. (music) Now that we've moved that and faced the light the other way, it's not as bright and hideous. But we need that light to bounce off that form core and light up our face. So let's bring over that foam core. Look at that. We're almost there. LED panel bouncing off the form core reflecting in my face. We need a little bit of a background light. There we go, adds a little more life to the scene. If you don't have a background light, you can use candles, you can use a lamp and put it on the floor so that it reflects the light upwards. Lots of different things you can do. But if you have pot lights or if you have candles or different things that you can light, do that and put it in the background. It'll just be soft but it makes that detail a lot nicer. Okay, hang our gel up here. Right in front of the light, like that. Yep, Perfect! Good to go. And we're pretty much done. That's it. It's that fast. Doesn't take a long time to set up. We have an extra fill light on the right side here which is my left and if I just tap this lamp you'll see it fills in a little bit on my left side. But like I said earlier, I don't really like that. But it is optional. I'm gonna show you have it's done right now. So for this we have an Ikea lamp here which is accessed by this push button. And I've got that bouncing off another piece of foam core which reflects me to the side. I've also got another CTO gel just taped to the top of the lamp here to get rid of that orange color cast. Don't really like that. So again, to try and match the light tape that little gel up there and we are good to go. And on the backside of this, I'm literally just leaning a monopod against the desk to help keep that foam core from falling over. That's it. Sometimes it's just going through gear that you already own or going through your house and just finding things that you don't use or things that you do use and finding new ways to use them. So for that, works perfect. Now I use a gorillapod to fasten this Husky light to a light stand. You don't have to do that. There's a hole in the bottom of the Husky stand that you can put a tripod plate on and mount it to a tripod so that you can adjust the tilt, the pan, all that stuff, which is great. But if you don't have that and you don't have a gorillapod, it comes with its own base plate that sits flat so you can put it on a stack of books, you could put it on a stack of boxes. You don't have to use this exact setup to mount it, to bounce it off these pieces of foam core. That's just the way I have it because I have this equipment. Eventually, yeah, a gorillapod is a great idea because you can just wrap it around the light stand and you can pretty much wrap it around anything. So I could wrap it around something on the ceiling, bounce light. It's really versatile for me so that's why I use the gorillapod. But you don't have to do that. You can use the included legs that come with it, mount it flat. Just be creative with it. An ironing board always seems to work well because you can just kind of extend it flat into like a little makeshift table and bounce things on that. You'll notice that your room, or your office, or wherever you're lighting this stuff up ends up looking just ridiculous. And you'd never know from looking at me on that side of the camera, but if I turned it around and you're like "Whoa, that's weird, whatta you got goin' on in here?" So that's it guys. Thank you so much for watching. I had a blast making this tutorial for you. Hopefully you get something out of it. If you still have questions or comments you can definitely drop'em below. I do my best to get back to as many people as I can so, chances are I will see it and I'll try to get back to you. Like this video, share it and just, you know, have a good day. Have a great day actually.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ginol5975 [1 likes]: Reading this now that he has almost 6 mil!! Congrats!
  2. @kawikarthn: The good ol' days where the videos weren't straight up ads... too bad 2026 Peter McKinnon is more into sales than photography.
  3. @pratimarora7627: I was like dude cheap setup already means being on budget but then I see it is Peter and I can’t correct this guy.
  4. @Daguilastudio: This is amazing ❤
  5. @Flavius-Tech: Wouldn't be easier with a simple softbox and a powerfull led inside and a light stand?
  6. @c.vishwanath3417: He hit 6M subs, this shows the hard work and the consistency, doesn't matter what gear you use, it all works out in the end!
  7. @austincloud1: Here In 2024 and I’m definitely gonna steal this setup 😂
  8. @sean1e100: New 2024 McKinnon has some new lights in his new 60,000sq ft studio 😮
  9. @shyfted_: 2023 Pete probably cringes at the echo in this video lol this is still great content 6 years later though.
  10. @RoyTheHuman: It is so wired watching this in 2023. Always improving Peter
  11. @SeanFrayne: Thanks Peter! I just tried this with a work light and some stuff I had at home (including a LED bike light as a rim light!) and my videos look 10X better. This is by far the easiest, cheapest hack yet :)
  12. @enterlematrix: Watching in 2023. Still great content.
  13. @jenniejenn994: It’s crazy seeing this in 2023… the quality and everything — 🥲🥲
  14. @mikehunt2667: 100% subscribe . Easy to understand and to the point . Thanks !
  15. @Worldwheelchairwarriors: Awesome tips! Thanks so much. Others show very expensive and out of reach setups. I just want something simple, practical for my small space. Thanks again!
  16. @sanghalittlewarrior: Super ideas my friend,your channel helps me a lot,thanks,greedings from Greece....
  17. @palojusrinivascharypssppp1603: 🙏🌹🇮🇳 PSSPPP 🇮🇳 PALOJU JAI SRIRAM 🇮🇳🌹🙏
  18. @ofpmarine: Dude, I have looked at those work LED lights at Harbor Freight and Home Depot for this very purpose 😂
  19. @T11paraplegic: It's cheaper to buy a non flicker led light bulb because most led lights and work lights like the one he has will show horizontal banding, If tou dont know what that is then you can look up horizontal banding on YouTube
  20. @BoomixDe: Young pete from 2017 changed a lot since then.
Scuffed audio, weird light, pale skintone...

- Cinematic Lighting on a Budget: 3 Easy Setups: Kind: captions Language: en so here's the deal i've always been kind of a jack of all trades filmmaker but my biggest weakness was always lighting i just never felt like i had enough gear enough time to set up great lighting setups on my own for my shoots without bringing on a dp so when small rig sent me this rc 120b light i figured if i can take the very limited lighting and grip gear i already have and this one more powerful light and make some cool cinematic lighting setups then surely my viewers can do even cooler stuff so let's see if we can do some cinematic lighting on the cheap there you go so do okay so let's real quick see what we got inside this thing case is really nice very securely packaged here as we can see here's the actual light wow very heavy duty got a switch up here to release any fixtures you want to put on it a reflector here plug for the wall and the power brick all right let's put it together and i just threw the light up on my cheap amazon basics light stand but it stayed up great it's got this big knob making adjustments real easy and the build quality is just amazing small rig in general just makes really great value products my entire camera is outfitted with their camera cage accessories and this thing dims down to one percent it's actually quite dim which is uh very useful and if we blast it all the way we are at 100 and that is almost blindingly light and this is the bi-color version as well meaning i can go from a cool 6500k temperature all the way down to a very warm 2700k the light also comes with nine really handy lighting effects presets and you can change the frequency of the effect the intensity of the light and the color temperature for each of the effects and it'll remember that for you next time you turn the light on here's me playing around with some of those all right so we're going to try to shoot a window scene right here in front of this window and what i've done is put a variable nd filter on the camera here we're going to stop down and expose for the window and then try to get enough light inside here with the small rig to fill it out and not have me completely silhouetted so here's how it would look exposing for the interior but that window is obviously completely blown out so we're gonna turn down our iso and we're going to turn our variable in d until we get a decent exposure outside the window here's how a shot might look with no lighting now let's turn on the 120b blast the ceiling now we've got the 120b aimed at the ceiling filling it out enough so that i'm not silhouetted in front of that window now maybe we'll use this practical here just to separate me a little bit this is a philips hue light so we can just turn it on and set the color temperature to be daylight now let's take one more look and just this simple setup with the one small rig light and a little practical light is already looking pretty decent but i have a feeling if i'm able to reflect some sunlight from outside the window onto my face that's going to be a very strong key light and make my face just pop in the frame much better so let's give that a shot now like i said i don't have a lot of grip or lighting gear but what i do have is a mirror that's adjustable so we're gonna put this right outside the window here and try to reflect direct sunlight onto my face as our key light now we just need to do some final adjustments here all right so now we have the issue that it's actually too bright this key light so we need to diffuse this mirror light somehow i'm thinking if i put some foliage in front of it it'll not only look more natural but it will dim the light cutting it significantly i don't mind if there's some little hot patches on my face but we don't want a big block of blinding light like this so let's see what we can do let's just take some weeds here i'm just blocking out the light like that okay let's take a look now alright feeling pretty good about this lighting setup so far i just think i need a rim light to bring out the back of my head separated from this darker background so i got this little moment led light battery powered and i'll be connecting it to this iphone mount thing with like a flexible arm there's my mirror reflector looking good practical got a arm mounts rim lights small rig lights bouncing off the ceiling and the camera right there sun keeps moving so i keep having to reframe the camera but that is pretty good okay final shot [Music] closer final shot so now the question is can i take a wide shot like this and make it look halfway decent with this light and whatever else i have first off we got too much open window here so let's just use the curtains and cut that down a little bit and see what happens if maybe we point this up at the ceiling again that does fill out the room kind of some high key lighting you know a little bit more of a commercial style but i think the problem is now that it feels like the lighting is coming more from here and i want it to feel like the windows are motivating my key light we need this key light coming from this side of me and i want it to be soft and we've already done the bouncing off the ceiling thing so we're going to try something a little different one of the easiest ways you can use this rc-120b light and get some really soft light even without a soft box that you can buy separately is to create this thing called a book light which is what i'm doing here i hung my reflector up on the curtain rod since i don't have a c-stand and i'm bouncing the small rig light off of that and then the bounce light is going through my shower curtain which i've taped up here and it's basically double softening the light and this is called a book light and it's a great way to get some really soft spread of light over your subject even if you don't have a lot of gear or budget to work with and now i'm getting this really soft key light being directed at the couch from the direction of the windows okay and then i closed that curtain some shaped it up a little bit just to get rid of that overblown background through the window there now the book light's coming through and it looks pretty natural to me not bad here's a comparison of with the book light and then without and you can see how much flatter and duller the image is with the 120b turned off all right so we did some daytime stuff now i want to try a nighttime setup and go for something that's a little more stylized so let's see if i can pull it off right here in the office all right so i think first i'll just start with these cheapo desk lights don't really need either of them they're not going to give me the best light for this so i'm going to replace this one with my softbox led panel and boom we got a softbox light pretty bright on my face might want to tone this down a little bit one thing i don't like is that if we're gonna be blowing moonlight through here i probably want this to be cooler so i wonder if i use one of these filters on this as well that looks maybe too blue that's crazy town i don't know we'll play with it i'm going to move on to the small rig light outside it's looking pretty good but it's definitely blasting the entire office with bright white lights so we're going to try to channel that light into a more precise area since i don't really have the right tools to do that i'm going to use my leftover roll of black wrap to make a little funnel around this and try to get more of a spotlight effect from this thing so here we go i just did a little grip tape to wrap this black wrap around this light and channel it into a more tight light pattern on the wall in there still a little too loose for me it's kind of filling out the entire room but fortunately we've got my blackout curtains that we can use as a flag to block out some of this light and get it to look a little nicer so let's see what that does that looks pretty good and we haven't put the blue filter on so i'm going to put that out there we'll see where we're at i think it'll stay all right it's looking cooler i'm still thinking that this light is way too warm so i'm going to use my other blue filter on this so i did say lighting on a budget right i only have one more blue filter so i had to put a purple over here to cover the rest of this softbox but you know what you can't really tell so i'm going to make it as bright as i can now if we get a warm color back here is my rim light and that will kind of mimic what this light is doing so we're going to fake that that is my rim light here so we have the practical there and then we have the on camera light hooked up to the door and this flexible iphone arm that's bi-color fortunately so i said it's the warmest color now what i'm just thinking is if i can break up this light that's on the back wall it might look a little bit more realistic so i ripped off a little shrub and i'm going to try to put this in front of the light to make it look like that moonlight is filtering through some foliage i got the light here and then i've literally just gaff taped this stick to the inside of the window and you know what it's doing a pretty good job okay so i've brightened the small reg light to 75 but i've also lowered the iso on the camera to darken the image the problem i'm running into trying to balance all these lights is that this key light right here with the softbox on is so weak even though it's three feet away from my face it's barely getting enough light on my face to expose me properly as a key light so i think i'm gonna have to take the soft box off this thing which means the light's not gonna be quite as flattering but it might give me enough brightness to work as a stronger key light all right this is with the soft box off and now i think we're actually starting to get somewhere a few more things and i think we'll be good to go so without the softbox this light is a little harsh so i'm going to throw a little strip of just plain old wax paper in front of it and i think that'll soften it without cutting too much light okay i've made a few more little tweaks and i'm feeling pretty good about it so now it's time to hit him with the fog [Applause] all right as you can see i've gone absolutely crazy with fog in here but that's giving us a much softer more diffused light and this is going to be our final lighting setup and i think it actually looks pretty cool looks like it's straight out of a sci-fi film the robots are self-aware indeed the love robots do they know so we're doing a couple things here mixed color temperatures you got the warm and the cool i think the foliage is helping a little bit on the wall it's breaking up this small rigs light right here and as you can see you know i don't have any gear for this small rig light so the fact that i'm able to just take some junk i have lying around at home and create some cool lighting setups like this not bad so if you're a beginner i really do highly recommend a light like this rc 120b it's only 260 bucks or so and you're gonna get enough power that you're gonna have a lot of options to create some cool lighting setups and if you want to save some money they have the rc 120d which is the daylight version so that version just doesn't have color temperature variations you just get daylight color temperature but that's fine because you can get some filters and create whatever color temperature you want out of that light so very impressed with this light i wished i had had it for my short film last laugh ink which is on this channel i was very worried about the lighting in that film and i figured i wouldn't have enough power with these cheapo led panel lights that i had and i was right but if i had bought this light like i should have i would had a much easier time lighting that film just with some very simple lighting setup so check the link in the description get one yourself if you're so inclined and i'll see you all next week with some more filmmaking tips to improve your storytelling thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @L-A-M-E-nergy: 0:48 plus a Battery… which you can not use the light without the battery… so with all of that combined you are already around $120… and you dont even have a tripod… so another $20$30 (total @$150) there are a lot more options that give better output and use-cases that’s that one…

And this assessment can be made fore every light in this video. Learning to shape natural light and practicals, with what you have around the house, is more important than any extra gear you can acquire!
  2. @purpleplanet128: This is technically cheap compared to a professional shoot, but not if you have to buy everything to begin with
  3. @saxmanzzz: Great to see how you achieved a very cool, cinematic look. Very useful video - thanks !
  4. @nemesis8195: i am not like a lighting professional, litteraly starting learning about lighting in cinematography few days ago, but in the first scene, wouldn't it be better if you 've put the key light outside to replicate the light coming from the sun and a bouncer behind the subject to not have the back too dark? Maybe you didn't have an outlet outside or you wanted to show something else or i am completely wrong.
  5. @richvarga: love these types of videos and showing creativity and problem solving. Great job
  6. @CasioBioassay: 5:50 hunchback of Notre-dame
  7. @CoasterTeaFox: Cool look. I've seen so much of how of this DIY type of lighting on YT, but what if you don't want look cinematic/dark, just normal, but with an ability to have lighting that doesn't look like that bad ceiling light? Good video
  8. @DevVand: how in hell is this budget?

the first thing that guy shows up is a literal professional light with dimming and color temp adjustments
  9. @curiousvirtuosity: For those who are wondering the piece playing at the beggining: dvorak american quartet 4th movement

Listen to the entire quartet, is really good.
  10. @TheNerdySpace: “budget” 😅
  11. @connorhall-createmedia: the eye squint during the sci-fi absolutely killed me hahaha great video man
  12. @olivernoakes4483: Awesome video
  13. @laponiec: I love this video! Great tutorial for noobs like myself! thank you
  14. @nathanhill2723: This video just saved my film 🤌🏼
  15. @Abgrund_Der_Jahre-VAPORWAVE: The poor floor...
  16. @AVCinematics: Your hilarious! Love the energy 😂
  17. @F4keOfficial: If budget is 700$ I'm fucked
  18. @Chavorrucosbarandgrill: You're the Light's MacGyver, sorry if you don't get the reference, I'm old.
  19. @HanEreser: Multiply the price of all these products in Turkey by 35  :D
  20. @studio17media: Thank you, this is very pratical ❤

- CHEAP Lighting for YouTube Videos - STAND OUT for under $100: Kind: captions Language: en what is up everybody ben johnson here and today we're going to be taking a look at how to use lighting to make your videos go from this to this all on a budget [Music] [Applause] all right welcome back to the channel my name is ben johnson and i am a content creator based here in atlanta my goal with this channel is to be a resource to creatives through reviews tutorials behind the scenes content and honest podcasts so if you are into that sort of a thing make sure you subscribe to join the creative crew it really goes a long way towards supporting this channel and it makes sure that you never miss out so today we're going to be talking about lighting if you haven't already seen my lighting for youtube video you'll want to go ahead and check that out i'll put a link in the description as well as right here in that previous video we go into a lot of the technique behind lighting and i dive into a three-point lighting setup that you can utilize for your youtube videos in this video we're doing a very similar setup only this time we're using some high quality budget friendly alternatives for our key light today we're going to be using the viltrx l116t led light this light is absolutely awesome coming in at only thirty dollars it does all of the things that we need a key light to do it has a decent amount of output it's relatively soft it's dimmable and we can change the color temperature plus the interface on it is very similar to my much more expensive flapjack lights to achieve our three-point lighting setup we're going to be using two of these lights the only real downside of these lights is that the batteries are not included they take sony npf batteries but not to worry those batteries are relatively cheap you can usually get two of them plus a charger for around 25 dollars sony npf batteries come in a bunch of different sizes but all have the same connector plates so if you order a smaller battery it may not look the same as mine but it will work the same i happen to already have a few of these lying around because a lot of my filmmaking equipment can actually be powered by these batteries which makes them a great investment the other product that we want to get is a reflector we're going to be using this as our fill light five in one reflectors are a super versatile and nifty tool to have for shaping light the five uses are a fill a negative a cool bounce a warm bounce and a diffuser for today's video we're going to be using the silver cover to reflect some of our key light onto the shadowed side of my face to help remove some of that shadow and fill it in for starters we're going to place the key light beside me over here to light up this side of my face we are going to use the reflector to bounce the key light onto the opposite side to lessen some of the shadow next we're going to use our secondary veltrox light as a rim light to create some separation between me and the background by lighting up my head and shoulders now that me the subject is well lit we can focus on the background since we are rocking on a budget i'm not going to introduce any professional grade expensive lights for the background i'm just going to go around my house and find a couple of items that i think will help enhance the overall look of the scene for today's video i'm utilizing a household lamp and a candle now we are going to simply change the kelvin temperature of our rem light so that it matches the warm tones coming from the lamp this is pretty neat because the lamp is actually now motivating the rim light let's take a look at this progression one more time honestly i think this shot is looking pretty awesome it's really cool that we were able to achieve this whole look with two 30 dollar lights a reflector and a couple of things from around the house all of this goes to show that if you're intentional with your lighting you can really make a lot out of a little well that's going to about wrap up today's video i hope that you all have enjoyed it and were able to find some value from it before you guys leave make sure to hit that like button subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative you

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjohnsoncreative [13 likes]: Check out my full lighting course here: http://www.learnvideolighting.com
  2. @TheIfeomaa [2 likes]: 4years after still educational ❤
  3. @vernonchristopher1379 [2 likes]: Fantastic information about cheap lighting!
  4. @followedandloved [1 likes]: Great video! Well done with nice effects and music. Thanks for the knowledge!
  5. @hanfpeter4190 [1 likes]: Quick but insanely informative and easy to understand, thanks for your work!!
  6. @AuDHD_Aeriandria: Genuinely thank you.
  7. @sdg0629: Love this! Got something for my zoom meetings? Bc mine nee some serious help.
  8. @peggyyu9752: House is big 😊😊😊
  9. @SurajitDasgupta: How do I ensure that the light incident on my face does not spill over to illuminate the background too? I want the wall behind me to be dark or dimly lit.
  10. @MariaLopez-h5g9j: simple and smart
  11. @jvonthego123: can I use it without batteries and just plugged in?
  12. @dansanpr1: gracias thanks
  13. @coachjedijason: Great video - I'm up in Woodstock Georgia :)
  14. @danijeldanko4498: This video proved inflation.
  15. @tripplejaz: Quality information and content, Ben. When I decide to pick any of these up, I'll be sure you get that dosh in your pocket.
  16. @deniseherud: Dumb question for anyone already filming...I saw in the fave prods list a couple of TB hard drives...that's just for saving/editing right? Like those aren't necessary for live streaming?
  17. @94nolo: use your smartphone as a webcam for a high quality, free video source :)
  18. @livingonhighvibe: I have 2 nice Neewer softboxes that can be regulated temperature-wise and dimmed. I can also work with the light coming in from my glass door if I shoot in the daytime. But, I prefer not to because it differs and changes as the sun progresses. If I have no budget for extras right now, how do I nail it? The rim light is my problem and I also lack household lamps. I have Christmas light strands though, white and colorful. maybe getting a reflector would be enough? I can scramble cash for that.
  19. @LebaneserScrooge: Okay after watching a few of your videos, you've officially converted me.  You are now my bible.  I'm a chef with 30 years cooking experience and zero experience as a cameraman or editor, or anything else related to this subject, for that matter.  I'm starting a new series that premieres June 1st where I interview artists, musicians, chefs, comedians, actors, or anyone I just find interesting or inspiring, all while cooking them a 10 course meal, and I may have bitten off a little more than I can chew (no pun intended).   It will be multi-angled (3 stationary cameras and 1 cameraman).  My first guest is the person that inspired the show, Tai Taeolii from Art by Tai (he is an artist with over half a million followers and does a similar show where he draws while interviewing people).  His interview is scheduled for April 24th, and then it premieres June 1st, giving me a month for editing and promotion.  Then I already have 8 other guests lined up after him.  (the show is only going to air once a month, so I'm pretty close to already filling up a full year's season!)

I'm FREAKING OUT MAN!  I really want everything to be perfect, but ESPECIALLY the lighting!  Because like you said in one of your other videos, it's one of the most important things.  Would you want to be a guest on the show and help me set up the lighting?  I'll fly you out and hotel, and (of course) provide delicious food and a 10 course meal! The only thing is we would need to record before April 24th. I know that is only 3 months notice, but PLEASE let me know if you'd be interested!
  20. @Sevaraqabha: I like it , arabic language ❤️🔥😭😭😭

- Better, Cheaper DIY Lighting Setup for Filming: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys welcome to Make Anything, I'm Devin... hold on, it's a little bit dim in here isn't it? Lights! Oh yeah that's better Light is great and as a content creator here on YouTube it's very important for me to get well lit shots. It's something that can't be ignored. Unfortunately, building up a whole lighting setup can get a bit pricey, but today I'm gonna show you something that's pretty exciting because I've figured out how to make this fantastic, very well lit lighting setup at a fraction of the cost of what I was using before and I think it actually looks better. If you're making videos yourself definitely check out this video. It could save you a lot of money, and otherwise, you still might want to watch because this is a fun example of clever design. So let's get right to it. Cool! So for the past year or maybe a year and a half all the shots that have been done in this room have been lit with lights like these. This is an LED panel light. It's got about 150 LEDs on it, I believe, and it's by Neewer, which is kind of a budget brand that's available on Amazon. So this light with the stand and everything comes in a 2-pack for about $140. I actually have been using 3 of these to light myself when I'm sitting at the desk. On this side we've got my new setup, which definitely looks different and it's kind of wacky but it works so well. So, here we go. I guess through the lens of the camera there both of these lights seem to be about equal brightness, but clearly this one is a lot larger and so it's producing more light. And the shot that I did just before this was actually lit using only two lights like this instead of three lights like this. So, you can buy a 3-pack of these and get pretty good lighting for $200 or you can build two of these and have equally great lighting, if not better, for maybe $100. Maybe even a little bit less. Basically, if you haven't figured it out this is just a task lamp. The same hanging lights that you normally have in shops. The same one's I used to create my really cool Albatross desk lights that are right behind you. But in this case I've mounted the task light onto a tripod and there's also a ball joint here so that I can quickly and easily rotate it, lock it back into place, and I can also use the tripod, you know, lift it up and down, use it light you would control any tripod but it's got a massive light on it. This gives me a lot of control and the whole reason I came up with this is cuz in the corner there you can see I've got a little bit of a green screen curtain peeking through and green screens require really even and more than adequate lighting so that's why I decided to come up with these and they ended up being better than what I already had. Yeah, this is a very interesting lighting setup. I've done a fair bit of research on lighting for videos and I haven't found anything quite like this system that I've come up with so I'm excited to share it with you. Alright, let's do it. The first component we'll be using is our light stand, and any old stand should do. This is the Amazon basics stand, which is sold in a 2-pack for $20, but so long as it has this standard 1/4-20 thread any tripod or light stand should do. We'll also be using a mini ball head mount from the Colorado Tripod Company. I hadn't heard of this company before but I found these tripod heads on Amazon and I was really impressed by the quality of these especially a the price. They're among the cheapest ball mounts you could find on Amazon but the quality is just really nice and robust. It's got a 360 degree swivel. It's got the ball mount, of course. And it's also got this removable plate on the top which is gonna help with the installation of our light. As I mentioned, there's also one small 3D printed part. Although, this part could actually be made with a laser cutter or even more traditional means. It's nothing super crazy but it's basically just this little plate which is gonna give us an additional point to mount the tripod to the light and the way that it works is that it fits right around our mounting plate for the tripod just like so. It's a nice snap fit and this is gonna keep our light from rotating. You'll see exactly what I mean in just a minute. We'll also use two 1/4-20 nuts as well as one 1/4-20 bolt. The exact length isn't important as long as it's a full thread bolt and that's basically our mounting hardware. Now let's just go ahead and prepare the light. Here's my LED task lamp. I got this from Hykolity on Amazon as well and I really trust this brand by now. I've bought maybe twenty of their lights and I've had a few fail but they've got a great five year warranty. They replaced my failed lights right away with no questions so I really appreciate that warranty. So what I'm gonna do here is measure the top with a tape measure. These are about four feet across and I'll mark the center point with this highlighter or just any marker. I'll mark the center in this direction as well and that will indicate our first mounting point. So what I'll do is start with this small drill bit and I'm gonna drill a pilot hole right through that mark. There we go, just a small hole to help mark the center and if you look at the other side you'll see there's plenty of space in the center here without having to worry about hitting the lights themselves. So now that I've got that pilot hole I'll switch my drill bit for the 1/4" bit and that's gonna create the final hole that we need. So we'll go right back over that pilot hole and it's gonna help us stay centered while we drill this larger hole. As you saw I didn't use much pressure, I just went ahead and patiently let the drill do it's work and now I'll go ahead and take this mounting plate and put it through that hole. With that in place we'll flip the light over and on the other end here we'll just screw on one of our 1/4-20 nuts. I'll hold that nut on the inside while turning this tight until we have a nice strong connection. Next I'm gonna take my printed part and snap it into place making sure that this arrow is pointing away from the side that has the electrical cord since I'm assuming we want the cord to be hanging down towards the ground. We'll press that all the way down and then that will actually serve as a template for our second pilot hole. There we go. Now we can remove the plate and once again switch to the 1/4" bit to drill the larger hole. One last time we'll snap the plastic part into place, feed this bolt all the way through and then fasten the nut on the other side. So now with this extra part we have a second bolt connecting to the light and that makes sure that none of these parts can rotate. Now we can go ahead and connect our tripod head to that lighting stand and we'll also adjust this mounting plate so that it's perpendicular to the ground. Just like that. Finally we'll open up this mounting mechanism and then we'll just slide the other part into place. We'll tighten that up and we've got our securely mounted light. Now we can just plug it in and it's ready to use. All those functions of the ball mount are still accessible. We can swivel it. We can rotate it. We can tilt it towards the ceiling or use it however we'd like. You'll notice the electrical cable is a bit short, so you're probably going to want an extension cord for this, but that's basically all you need. It's super versatile, you can orient it every which way and for their size these lights are surprisingly lightweight so everything is really easy to move around and adjust. Another thing I really like is that these stands can nestle together like so and take up very little space, so when you're not using the lights they can be easily moved out of the way. Overall I'm very happy with how these work. Look at that! That is an insanely powerful set of lightsand they cost me less than the stuff I found online. I hope you guys enjoyed this video, it was kind of something that I started for my own sake of having better lighting and the solution that I wanted just didn't happen to exist and I created it and I thought it was cool so that's why I made this video. As I mentioned everything you need to build this yourself will be linked in the description and, yea... I hope you liked it. Until next time, I'm Devin, this is Make Anything. Don't forget, to stay inspired!

  Top Comments:
  1. @make.anything [54 likes]: Ironically the lighting in my garage is pretty horrendous in this video.. I'll have to work on that next :P
  2. @reinjane8269 [1 likes]: great video
  3. @AndrewHelgeCox: What's the CRI of the bulbs in there?
  4. @zip.aperson99118: HOLY SH!!!!TTT u mastermind iconic!!!!
  5. @marthamora6648: No matter how many lamps I add in my home office it still feels very dim. It’s embarrassing to me but I am worried of destroying to look of the office. What would you recommend without heating my space. The room is 14 X 12 no closet a large window facing the street and the doors are indoor slimmer French doors.
  6. @byronl.fayette1645: Buddy, you just saved me money. I'm currently disassembling an old shed. There are three of those florescent shop lights out there. I believe that, through trial and error, I can create some soft and flattering light for the work I have in mind.
  7. @alejandrotroche6381: What happens with green screen
  8. @clarab4187: Hi there! I'm making a similar light, same length, but double the width. Do you know if that 3D printed part will work for something like that?
  9. @Mike_MacD: What about adding a dimmer control adapter or diffusing it. They seem too bright at full brightness to even have them off camera angled at your face. How about a video about light positioning, diffusing or using reflectors or adding a dimmable switch? Also what is the solution for people who want to do this without owning a 3D printer for the extra part?
  10. @fienddube: Hey I bought a 5000 Lumen LED shop light (4 ft long) to shoot our videos. We have a major problem with glare, though (we make videos with Magic: the Gathering cards, and all the cards are in plastic sleeves...so the glare makes them almost invisible--not good!). I tried sliding on pantyhose as a DIY light diffuser. It was ineffective. Any suggestions? Love the channel, by the way!
  11. @TVNation: Has anyone figured out an alternative for those (most) of us who don't have a 3d printer or laser cutter?
  12. @ThePecan123: Awesome video! Unfortunately the Colorado Ball mount is no longer available on Amazon. Do you have a recommendation for a replacement?

Thanks!
  13. @RainBow-op5go: I really laughed at the end, which you done like super hero...🤓🤓
  14. @micmclane: Just an FYI. It looks like Colorado Tripod Company has changed the design of their mini ball head mounts you are linked to.
The dimensions are now 40x45 instead of the 40x40 that your STL is made for.
  15. @joonajks: I just purchased a clamp light for a talking head YouTube video!
Would a 60 watts 800 lumens daylight led bulb be ideal for a key light?
  16. @exzisd: Very cool but too technical for me as far as DIY. You lost me at the laser printed part.Overall really cool lights and interesting video though. Thanks for sharing. Subscribed.
  17. @JeremiahJens: Nice video.When mounting the light to the tripod is the pink 3d printed piece have to be used? Cause it seems like you can do without it.  I have no idea how I would get my hands on the pink 3d printed piece. Thank you, and by the way is there an alternative to the pink 3d printed piece?
  18. @harrisonandamanda_: How do you position these when you're sitting? One on each side?
  19. @taftmangum9099: the highlighter looks like a glow stick
  20. @capeholidays: Excellent. I think the best diy plan I saw. Just the light strength is my unknown.

I saw a guy building one with tiny LEDS. Tiny is not critical but he had three strings of light. A day light, a warm light, and blue light. By using all or one or two he could play with light effects.

- Cheap DIY Video Lighting | Budget Setup: Kind: captions Language: en i have got the ultra budget lighting setup for you on this one and if you are new around here and you know that i typically film with aputure light domes one here in the back and then my key light well today we are going ultra budget so let's get into it what is going on you beautiful humans welcome back to the channel and yes today we are working on some uber cheap very inexpensive lighting here uh for the community and like i said if you're new here then this is kind of a moodier setup but if you uh know the studio and you have been following me for a while you know that i typically use an aperture light dome for my key light and that's pushed out with the godox and then i also have a light in the back with the aputure light dome mini also with an sl60w but today we are just using a very inexpensive shop lamp that i picked up from the hardware store along with just a regular led bulb and then just a little bit of lighting from the monitor in the background but i do have my shades pulled and of course for very good reason i just all my my shades are always pulled to be able to control that light now before we actually get into this elaborate setup in front of me what i want to do specifically is talk about the bulbs really quickly and i compared two bulbs i have the ecosmart bulb which is right here but i also have another one because they came in a pair for around eight dollars now these are 100 watt equivalent led bulbs and i would recommend at least 100 watt equivalent to you know i think the brighter the better because the more light you have then we can actually diffuse that but i'll talk about the diffusion in a second but what i wanted to do is compare it to the cree light bulb which i'm actually being lit by the cree right now and the reason being is that there is an index a measurement called the cri the color rendering index and basically what that is is it just gives us a measurement against a reference light as far as the color rendering that occurs so these are rated at around 5000 kelvin which is around daylight when we measure that and so when we're filming and our camera is already dialed in for the white balance and everything it should be a truer color the higher the number so in comparison the ecosmart bulbs even though they're eight bucks for a box of two or two in the box the cri on that is around 83 and that's per the manufacturer's website now with the cree they actually boast a greater than 90 on the cri so a truer color reference for filming or for lighting your subject so that is actually why i'm filming with the cree although i did try the ecosmart and it's not like these bulbs will go to waste because i can pop them in a lamp or a light fixture or somewhere else in the home and not be out the money or at least the investment that i made so don't get too caught up in that but you can certainly search that online before you go into the store or order it online and of course i'll link up a couple of options below now the lamp itself is something that i picked up from the hardware store and they can range anywhere between six to twelve or thirteen dollars now the particular one that i purchased was actually a heat lamp rated light and of course it's rated up to about a 300 watt bulb although these led bulbs and and what i typically use will not go that high but one of the reasons why i purchased it like that is because it actually came with this wire dome on the face of it because if i wanted to actually put diffusion right over the lamp itself to do any kind of product shots or anything like that then i thought well it's a nice little ad to have now when we talk about one of the things that you have to consider is that you need some type of diffusion or you need to bounce this light and that's also another reason why i recommend these shop lamps is because they have a dome or a reflector and that reflector allows you to actually fold that or push that light in the direction that you need it to go in so the first little setup that i did was i clamped it on top of my ladder and just bounce it off of the wall and ceiling in front of me just to get a little bit of light on my face and of course it was very soft but it was able to actually work now my second setup was bringing that ladder in and then actually setting it up with a hula hoop that i found which i don't even i can't even remember where that hula hoop came from and then having the shop lamp the hula hoop and then using a shower curtain that we had around the home so a shower curtain that actually is somewhat permeable i'm not talking about one of the plastic ones but it's very similar in the diffusion material that is on my aperture light dome so using something like that it allows you to actually filter that light because if you put it right on your face it is very harsh and if you are filming another subject well quite frankly they're not going to be very pleased about it but one of the things that i didn't really like was the lamp was actually being blocked or at least the light was being blocked a little bit by the ladder itself the way that i had it positioned so i decided to go back to the drawing board and bring in another ladder to this scenario and then put the shower curtain back as far as the the rings on the shower curtain and bring in a couple of handles that i had some broomsticks or shovel handles that i had in the garage to be able to mount the lamp and the shower curtain together so that i can still get that diffusion and then allow me to actually diffuse the light without it being blocked now of course in this setting if this is very close to the way that i like to light things and of course it is very moody but something else that you could do is if you want to set up a light on the other side of you to light more of your face so adding another lamp is possible but i just wanted to keep it right here on the budget between 20 and 30 dollars and just kind of using the one light of course you could purchase a reflector online and i'll link one up that i highly recommend or what you could potentially do here if you have some aluminum foil setting around [Music] you could put something together i just found a piece of foam that i had in my garage and taped it with some tape that i have and if you needed to bounce some of that light to give you to fill that negative space and of course this would have to be hung up or mounted somewhere just out of the shot and of course if you have to punch in on the shot that's one thing that you could do i know it doesn't seem very professional however the thing is is that i see a lot of people getting caught up in the start and all of the technology listen if you have a really decent smartphone or if you have a camera and you have a way to get some decent audio and of course i've done a ton of videos on audio and i will link those up as well but the thing is if you're not getting your start because you're held up because you think that you need to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars on lighting well i'm just trying to prove a point here that you can just spend a few dollars or even look around your home to see if there's a way that you can light yourself and so i just want people to start creating and get going so as far as it looking professional i mean my studio is a wreck in here because what you see behind me is really nice and pretty and what you see in front of me not so much but i don't care about it i just want to create that value here for so i will look at all of this to provide you with something that you can take away and start creating what questions can i answer for you what kind of conversations can we have down below as always you go out there and do those things that matter you keep rocking the faces go out there and do the things or do the things in your own studio i'm going to keep creating value for you here and until next time i will catch you right back on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @virathiyam5401 [1 likes]: By 100w equivalent, do you mean the light output is equivalent to an older 100w CFL or incandescent bulb 💡?
  2. @virathiyam5401: I guess you'd get an even better result with a brighter bulb 💡 and an shoot through umbrella in front.
  3. @colinatx19: Thank you.
  4. @Cyntmoney: Thank you!
  5. @roseruiz313: thank you.
  6. @CLASSICMESSENGERSERVICES: Nice video..
  7. @TodaysProject-hc9mk: I have to say thank you. I have been fighting my lighting
  8. @captaincbt: if you’re like me and prefer not to shop online and want to get your supplies from in person stores. I wasn’t able to find one of these lamps at typical hardware stores and had to go to a place dedicated to farm life
  9. @scoobydadog246: i'm surprised w/ all these 'lighting hack' videos that I've never seen anyone else suggesting using the chicken coop warming light fixtures. that's what I call them :)  They seem to be the perfect shape, and if you put the bulb protector on, you could put some fabric over that and create a perfect soft light. I'm not a content creator, just want to look decent on video calls, meetings, etc. so don't want to spend money, that is what I am going to do!
  10. @zeroryoko999: Yeah, the caught up as you mentioned isn't so much of the tech; I can live without fancy LED and there are CFL bulbs that can dim. My problem in getting started is Money, Space, and Time.
  11. @Marquettes2010: Cree apparently supplies the actual LEDs to professional Video lighting manufactures
  12. @MarkRoach: Thank you
  13. @blessedbythebest1003: THIS IS SO RELATABLE RN RN!! 😆 2023 yazzz. Ty
  14. @samsakharia3382: Thank you for the info bud… I just became a subscriber… can’t wait to check out more on your channel.
  15. @KirbyGamer-v7p: I’m just Trying to do a photoshoot at a boxing gym that’s super dark this is perfect I got a bounce flash but i need a steady light not just flash!
  16. @keylamejia1771: This is awesome. Thank you!
  17. @Danny_Banany: This video is excellent. Thank you
  18. @carlosenriquez2092: The cree is better.
  19. @Ackbarfangirl: Do you know if one of those clamp lights can take a y-socket adapter/splitter, so that two bulbs can go in for more light? Might just get a big/garage led bulb since idk if it will work right, but two nicer CRI bulbs might look better.
  20. @grassrunner7983: wow man.  Thanks!

- Quick Tips: DIY Lighting Kit!: Kind: captions Language: en Quick tips is brought to you by domain.com. Lighting gear can be expensive. So today we are looking at ways that you can create your own solid light kit on the cheapips. I've talked about this stuff a bunch on film right over the years, but now we're going to bring all that together into one big pile of DIY lighting gear. First thing that you're going to add to your homemade lighting kit is just a bunch of these guys right here. Just about my favorite cheap light, a clamp light. And you can get these at pretty much any hardware store and mount them anywhere. To change up the style of the light, just use different bulbs. I have bulbs rated under 3,000 Kelvin, so warmer than the normal tungsten, daylight bulbs, frosted glass, clear glass, PAR, and so on. Each is going to give you a very different look. Then, if you want to add some color to your bulbs, which we've shown this before, just grab some high heat paint like this, and spray paint them. Now, I have gelled bulbs without the need for gels. And one can of paint can cover a ton of bulbs. Next is my strip light, which of course I got this idea from Shane Hurlut by a bathroom fixture. Add a whip and you have a gorgeous light, which I use these on all of my productions. Cheap or not, it is a super useful light. Then we have the China ball or Chinese lantern or paper lantern, whatever you want to call it. You can buy this kit from filmtools.com, which comes with two 24-in lanterns, the cords for them, and the bulbs. You swing the socket into the lantern, add your light, and hang it wherever you want. It is a really nice and soft light that can also be bmed to move through the shot with your actor as well. Moving on, again, we have one of my more surprisingly useful tools that I bought. This Energizer LED lantern. I've used this a ton on different projects, simulating computer lights, inside cars. Just a portable and simple fill. It's pretty great and dimmable, which is also incredibly helpful. Moving on, again, we have dimmer. You can buy cheap dimmers like this one from Impact, which is rated to handle 1,00 watts. Or if you don't need that much power, you can get one for half the price here. This one is only rated for 600 watts. If you want to build your own, check out this episode right here of Film Riot. Though, time and materials considered, you're probably better off just buying that impact dimmer. Finally, some power dro. This is a power cube I got from Home Depot. Pretty cheap and super reliable. Then you'll want to grab some other extension cords, a few power strips, and a couple triple taps like this right here. Finally, we got some diffusion with this $9 shower curtain, some bounce boards with these poster boards from Walmart. And now we have a very solid DIY lighting kit that cost us a fraction of what pro gear would have cost. And that's it for today. And as always, a big thank you to the people that make this show possible. Domain.com. Because no domain extensions are going to help you tell your story, like a.com ornet, domain name. Domain.com is reliable, affordable, and easy to use. Save 15% off your dots and nets at domain.com with the coupon code quick tips. Because when you think domain names, think domain.com. And as always, until next time, write, shoot, edit, repeat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mychalsimmons4177 [12 likes]: Ryan please slow down....... lol I know time is money but man... lol
  2. @oceantransistor: Is there an updated video, perhaps with bowens attachments? 😎
  3. @ratt57: I don't recommend LED light bulbs, they flicker when I play back video I've lit with them.
  4. @izstrella: I love how quick and concise these are — THANK YOU!
  5. @atharventertainment5408: Please talk slowly. You talk like dog is running behind you...
  6. @pixiegamine: At 0:52 he mentioned adding something to the strip light, did he say "whip"? What is this? Thanks...🙂
  7. @dylangintherofficial: Sometimes i think the vids are just to quickly explained

Not flushed out enough id like descriptions of wht some of these things even are
  8. @HarryMoore: How do you mount the bathroom strip light to the stand. You said something about a “whip” but I don’t know what that is. Thanks!!
  9. @alphastudios784: Ryan what if you want to use these lights outside but theres no way to run electricity whats a good portable power source?
  10. @JohnSullivanFilms: They should do Quick Tips again
  11. @I5GamingCH24: HELLO I'M FROM INDONESIA
  12. @fabiofresco3620: https://www.etsy.com/ca/people/rusticfresco?ref=hdr_user_menu
  13. @directormikkell: Where can I buy the Chinese lantern style light? I didn't quite hear what website you said in the video. Thanks.
  14. @gergelygyuricza2783: what kind of color correction was used on the b-rolls when he was holding the lightbulbs?
  15. @reecsayz151: Wow! Thank you so much for making this video! I would've never known about these tricks. Super helpful!
  16. @gergelygyuricza2783: this one is color graded nicely
  17. @andrewwright99999: Great tips thanks
  18. @film_magician: Ry-Ry, could you do a more in-depth lighting video on LEDs? talking about flickering, lights that lean towards magenta and green on video, and CRI rating? best affordable bulbs to buy.
  19. @mipe7755: Just didn't understand the thing from 2:00 cause you're speaking very fast.
  20. @mipe7755: What is this nice thing from 2:00? The thing that scatters light onto a colorful pattern. It looks interesting, but I don't even know how to google it.

- Best Camera Settings for SHARP + HIGH QUALITY Videos!: Kind: captions Language: en - Here's how to get the sharpest and highest quality video out of your camera, regardless of what camera brand you are using. The first thing we're gonna wanna do before we change any settings is to make sure our camera is in video mode. Just make sure you're in the mode that actually captures video. Now, don't move too fast because usually, if you put your camera in video mode, it's going to prompt you in what exposure setting you want to set. And so make sure that you set that to manual exposure. If you're using a Sony, you can hit the Fn button in the back of your camera , and find the exposure mode there. Or, you can hop into the menu, and change it to manual from there. The next setting to change is your resolution and frame rate. Now, most cameras that come shooting 4k video won't be set to 4k, which is a weird thing. So you just wanna make sure that you change your resolution to 4k if your camera has it. And then, the frame rate to 24 frames per second. The only caution to using 4k, is if your camera has a huge crop when you select 4k, like a Canon M50 or something like that. In that case, just select 1080, 24P. The next thing we're gonna dial in is our shutter speed, which is the number at the bottom left that is a fraction number. So we're gonna change that to one over 50. When you are looking at your camera, scroll the various wheels your camera has so that you can manipulate that number, and just bring it all the way down to one over 50. The next thing we're gonna change is the aperture, and this is how we get that nice blurry background. I would just encourage you to scroll that number to as low as possible for now, and then we can adjust it later. Next, you're gonna change your ISO from auto, or whatever number it is, down to 100. Just scroll it all the way down, and your image might be a little bit dark right now, but that's okay. Now let's make sure that you're always in focus. When it comes to your focus settings, you wanna affect two things. The first thing you're gonna wanna affect is your focus mode. Just make sure that it's set to continuous if you have a Sony, or if you have a cannon that that is set to servo. After you've locked in your focus mode, then you're gonna select focus area, and just set that to wide. Now, most cameras nowadays have what is called "Face and eye detection", and if you have your focus area and focus mode set to this, simply tap on your face, and you can rest assured that you're going to be in focus and super sharp. Now, we're just about halfway setting up our camera to produce some awesome video. But I just wanna thank the sponsor of this video, and that is StreamYards StreamYard is how we livestream here on Think Media, the Think Media podcast as well as our private Facebook groups. We actually use cameras like these to livestream, and it produces an awesome look. But StreamYard makes livestreaming so easy with the ability to bring on guests to conduct interviews, or even the ability to conduct a presentation and share slides in videos, and then add transitions to make it look very professional. We absolutely love StreamYard, but if you wanna try StreamYard yourself, be sure to check out the link down in the description below, or just go to StreamWithThink.com. Now, we wanna make sure our color looks just right. We're gonna change our white balance from auto white balance. So wherever you see a WB, we're gonna change that to K, which is Kelvin. And we're gonna change that number from whatever it is to 4,800. Changing this setting will make sure your skin tones look true to your skin, and so that you look like you really are in-person. But you wanna make sure that your light that you're using is shooting at a daytime temperature. The lights behind me are very warm. You wanna make sure you put a wider or cooler light on your face to make sure that your skin looks A-okay. dial in is very important, and that is your audio gain settings. If you have a mic jack input in your camera, you can adjust your audio gain. And we just want to take it off of auto, and put it at the level you need based on the mic you have. I am using a Sony ZVE10 with a mic that is plugged in right into the camera, and I have my mic gain set to 13. Usually, most mics, this is where I keep it, but the best rule of thumb is to do an audio test, and make sure that your audio levels aren't peaking, or too low. Keep it around the negative 12 number, and you'll be good to go. But before you hit a actual shoot, just make sure you do an audio test, hear it back, and make sure that it does sound good. Now, once you have your camera set up, you can now introduce your light, or your lights into the shot. And then, we're going to adjust our exposure according to lighting. Now, my light isn't on full blast. I have it at about 20%, and my ISO is at about 200. And so if you want to brighten up your image, just increase your ISO. If you want to darken your image, in that case, increase your aperture to darken your image and between those two things, that's how you adjust your exposure according to your lighting conditions. Now, I hope you got value in this video. and if you wanna see a full breakdown of my current setup that I use to film this video, then you can do so by clicking or tapping the screen, or check out another video from us here at Think Media by clicking or tapping the screen. ♪ How many safety ♪ ♪ Till that I can't stake me ♪ ♪ Break gun on safety ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [14 likes]: Question of the day 💡What camera are you currently using? Let us know.
Get a 14-Day FREE Trial of StreamYard HERE ➡️ http://StreamWithThink.com.
  2. @TroyWatts-n8t [1 likes]: I want to thank you for your advice. I am new to the whole Content Creator world in this video helped me so much. I appreciate you and what you’re doing.
  3. @khaliltubbs7197 [1 likes]: Do you have this for the Sony a7ii?
  4. @NishantMalhotra-c6c: Such a helpful and straightforward guide, Setting the white balance to Kelvin and understanding the 180-degree shutter rule for 24fps really makes a massive difference in quality. Thanks for the tips 📸✨
  5. @GamerOnAllPlatform: Can you tell me the best setting for a song A64 with a Sigma f1.4 lense. am doing livestream as a Dj on youtube mostly night time, i cant get a very high quality video a, using OBS ,i also got 2 elgato light  but i do find the video a bit blurry not so sharp  PLZ help
  6. @kkaobykkb: God bless u🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹
  7. @12footchain: Thanks - you solved my issue - i'm not knowledgeable on camera settings, have a sony 5700 alpha couldn't get the settings right - this solved it! I just tested it, and my videos going forward are going to now look so much better.
  8. @oskar.athletics: Thx a lot. Really helpful. Will try it out.
  9. @Astruko: This video helped me out a whole lot! I was honestly thinking about ready to give up, but you gotta keep your head up & stay strong! 💪 Thank you a lot for keeping this video sweet, short, and simple by making it easily to understand! 💯
  10. @CleaningToExhale: Great video! Super helpful
  11. @no-xb7eu: ISO will depend on the light source.
  12. @raylagood: QQ: why can’t we film in 4k with ASP-C? 🤔 this affects the quality when we upload to TikTok, etc?
  13. @lifestylesew: Love your videos, I have just upgraded from an iPhone to Sony a7RV. When I set it up on my tripod, I have the camera is about 2.5 feet away from me, what attachment do I buy to plug in so I can stop and start the camera>. I cant think what it is called. Thank you
  14. @emiliano-silv: THIS IS THE BESTT VIDEO IT HELPED A LOT
  15. @Alonbarboza: I FUCKING LOVE YOU '
  16. @franco.e90: My phone limits apple prores to 1080p HD at 30fps
Or is 4k at 60 fps better (without prores)
  17. @IanMetty: whatever I do on my eos m3 the image is not sharp, just blurry all the time, any suggestions, going crazy here..thx
  18. @IanMetty: CAN you do for Canon EOS M3 PLEASE, as setting are completely different, eg, AWB Balance settings following your video does not show that way at alll...thx if you can help out...very tought to set this M3 to shoot a quality videos, my zoom is contstantly moving in and out everytime I move, and I move as I do a music videos...any tips how to achieve a good image without camera constantly moving in and out??thx
  19. @ridersyd: 1 over 50, why? would be nice if you would explain reasoning behind this so we can learn.
  20. @marvinliyanage: whats the downside of sticking to awb? will it get skin tones wrong?

- How to Create Captivating Talking Head Videos | 5 Top Tips: Kind: captions Language: en if you record talking head content like this this is a talking head we're gonna give you five tips to take your talking head video and audio quality to the next level from framing composition to lighting and audio we want to make sure you sound your best for talking head video content and while you're here hit that like button and subscribe to the Riverside YouTube channel number one when you're doing talking head video content you want to think about framing the rule of thirds is a great place to start the rule of thirds means you can divide a video frame by three parts horizontally and vertically and from there you can place your subject in different areas of the frame for different effects no matter where you place your subject you want to make sure their eyes are just above that Top Line and they have enough Headroom if you do this that's not enough Headroom and it feels a little cramped and uncomfortable so make sure you have a good amount of Headroom and the eyes are above that line now you can choose to place your subject either dead center like we are now or you can place your subject to the left or the right if you put your subject towards the left or the right you want to make sure that their head is in the intersection of those two lines now if you're doing some kind of call to action or you want to address the viewer directly a straight on top shot like this might be good but if you're doing an interview Style video and maybe a subject is looking off camera then you want to place them on one of those intersections if you have two subjects in the interview you can place one on this side and then place the other subject on the opposite side of the frame so it looks like they're having a conversation if your subject is seated you typically want to shoot above the lap and higher sometimes clothes and different parts can be Unbecoming and so going from about right above lap height and up is the best way to frame the shot also you don't want to frame your shot where it's too much of an up angle so the subject is almost looking down at the viewer you also don't have too much of a high angle because then it looks a little bit like Oliver Twist asking for more for most talking head content you want to make sure the camera is about eye level with your subject number two you need to think about the background composition of the shot what is going to be behind your subject you can do a plain color whether that's black or white depending on what the subject is wearing in their skin tones be mindful about what is the most appropriate for your subject you can also use interesting lighting or colors on something like a lighter color backdrop to make it more interesting day if you're filming with a mirrorless camera or maybe using cinematic mode on your iPhone you could place interesting objects in the background that will be eye-catching but not distracting like a glowing orange orb you might not have seen until right now whatever your background is make sure your subject is the focus that can be clearly seen and there's nothing distracting in the background number three audio is really key for talking head content you really need high quality audio because the majority of the time your viewer is listening to the talking head speak like you've been doing this whole video if you only have microphones that sound good when they're close to your mouth go ahead and put the microphone in the frame a little off-center this way it's not covering the subject's face or anything that would be too distracting and make sure you get the best quality audio a more discrete option would be to use a lapel microphone if there weren't close that allows you to clip the microphone right about here on their chest that'll get you the best audio if you place the lapel mic on the collar it won't sound as good as here on the chest but it will have a drastic improvement over the built-in mics on most cameras and your mobile device for the best sounding audio that's also the most discreet you should be used using a shotgun microphone that's actually what I have right off camera typically you'll want to just add a frame and shotgun microphones are very directional so they'll pick up your subject's voice but not all the other stuff in the room we actually have a whole video covering off camera mic so you can check it out above or the link in the description number four good lighting for talking head videos makes a huge difference to show you an example I'm going to turn off my studio lighting and just use the ceiling fan light above my head as you can see this looks pretty bad probably not something you want to watch for an extended period of time even just adding one key light with a softbox can make all the difference this is actually an amaran 200x with a light Dome 2. we'll put links in the video description but we actually have an entire video about pro lighting setups if you'd like to set up something in their Studio or get some lights to bring with you as you travel check out that video above or the link in the description if you don't have the ability to have large setups or multiple lights even one small LED light with some kind of diffuser will help tremendously so here's my current shot with just lights on my background nothing is on my key light ceiling fan light even just use using this 140 light from small rig rechargeable LED can make all the difference back to the three-point lighting that's better tip number five having a secondary camera angle for talking head video content will make it much more engaging for your viewer now if you don't have a secondary camera you have a couple options one if you're recording in 4k on a mirrorless camera like this you can choose to punch in or zoom in on your subject and that will create a different feel but if you have a mobile device and you're recording your content with Riverside we actually have a secondary camera feature that allows you to use your mobile device record a second angle that's in sync with your camera and then you can edit those angles later in post-production you can use a combination of iPad iPhone and Android devices for multiple angles even up to eight devices for your talking head video content Riverside will record all those video tracks separately and then you can download them from Riverside and put them together as a multi-cam clip in your editor of choice speaking of which we have a whole video on multi-cam editing you can check out the link above or in the video description so those are five ways to make your talking head video content more engaging and usually appealing if you enjoyed this video hit the like button and subscribe to the Riverside Channel we have lots of content on USB microphones building a video podcast setup and a ton more also leave a comment below if you have any questions about your talking head setup or anything at all we'd love to help answer you there thanks for tuning in we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cornerofficelatinas [2 likes]: How do I insert text, and have my video on half the screen, like you did at :20?  Thank you!
  2. @aigulniiazalieva9026 [1 likes]: Tnx kind human being for info 😊
  3. @jacobhill4546 [1 likes]: Exactly the video I needed, thank you
  4. @rbplays_tv [1 likes]: This is super helpful. I have been very confused on how to frame myself for talking head video for my other channel and I have watched lot of videos till now but this one stood out to me, tips are really helpful. Thank you
  5. @Piliponful [1 likes]: one of the most tightly packed and to the point videos I've ever seen, I've subscribed, will watch every video on your channel today and are down to buying a course from you or anything you might sell
  6. @Tabs_journal: Thank you, this is nice.
  7. @chrisdavid3638: Great video, thank you for sharing! I’m specifically looking for different camera set ups for talking Headshots meaning camera placement for a two or three camera set up between two speakers. Do you have any videos on anything like that? Thank you!
  8. @AndrewSannerr: Super helpful!
  9. @JayWerx: Something about having a large mic and stand looks corny to me.
  10. @Growingonestepatatime: What is the right distance from the subject to camera
  11. @katinareneetv: Great info
  12. @jarrodsplace: Great video. Very nicely explained. Thank you
  13. @sogostudio: TQ.
  14. @AngusYoung412: Is it that easy, I thought you couldn't link a 2nd phone up to be a second camera (certainly not Android).
  15. @PrimeCoastHomesFL: Very helpful stuff here!
  16. @vivekmgeorge: can you explain or link to a tutorial with how you put the text on side the screen (with the black ground) and the speaker to moves to the other side of the screen? What is that called even?
  17. @dontbemuted: I have several ladies saying the same thing. I want to have all of them saying it simultaneously on the track, is that as simple as layering them?
  18. @dr.bhargaw: the idea about second camera is good. thanks
  19. @wicomms: How do i put those slides in the video?
  20. @shofps26: thanks

- Build A Killer Talking Head Setup: Kind: captions Language: en amazing amount of talking head video creators changed their lives and made a ton of money making YouTube videos you can be one of them making your dreams come true of course you need some things to do it and one of those things is a good and affordable setup do you like how this image looks do you like the audio quality let's build this affordable setup together and this image is straight out of the camera now color grading nothing we are going on the easy way for over five years I make talking head videos on other channels and if you're new to this channel here I like to build setups me and my subscribers we are passionate about YouTube and filmmaking gear so you are on the right channel welcome to build a perfect setup we need to cover three main areas the first one video you need a camera the second one and this is the most important part here I will make a live demonstration with a stopwatch to prove you that 90 of creators are wrong about this process and the third part an underestimated one but crucial you will lose money if you miss this one let's go with the first one the camera do you like this image yes is recorded with Sony zve10 it's a 659 body why do I recommend this it's an affordable 4K camera super good in low light with an amazing image quality for this price and super easy to use yes you can do super good quality with a full HD camera but at this price in 2023 it's better to do it in 4k you will have a future proof content maybe you want to make a course with this setup and having a super good quality you can sell that course for many many years because the quality is still good you can combine this body with an affordable but super good lens Sigma 16 millimeters F 1.4 439 dollars why this lens wide enough and because you shoot 4K with this camera you can crop without losing too much quality look full image crop full image crop a lens with f 1.4 is perfect if you don't have B Professional lights for talking head videos I recommend you to go with 25 or 30 FPS shutter speed 1 over 50 for 25 FPS and 1 over 60 for 30 FPS with this lens at 1.4 and ISO as low as possible accordingly with the amount of light you have in the room how do you know when the exposure is perfect activate zebra set it to 70 and Rise the iso until you will have lines on your face and that's it you're set with the image oh those lines are just on the camera display don't worry now let's go to the second part please pay attention to this one sound sound is the most important part of a video especially if we are making a talking head video like this one look if my video quality is getting lower and lower you are still here because you can hear me well we have many options when it comes to sound but I will show you the best investment the best solution in 2023 you will use this setup at least five years from now and it will still be the best in the world please if you care about your content use 32-bit float recording it's affordable I recommend you to invest in this Zoom F3 professional recorder with this you will have 32 bit float audio the best in the world like a raw video Everything is and this is perfect if you are a beginner you just need to turn this on connect the microphone and speak no game button nothing every time the sound will be perfect what is 32-bit float recording you can record super quiet sounds and super loud sounds and it will still sound good you can adjust this in post-production let me show you this is the recording that I made this part is The Quiet One and this one is the loud one I'm not gonna play this because this part will destroy my speakers this part looks too quiet and this part looks too loud but for 32-bit float nothing is too quiet and nothing is too loud I will cut this here and just rise the volume on this one and doing this the noise is not raised with the volume and this part looks clipped but when I drag it down everything is recovered and nothing is clipped super quiet sounds and super loud sounds oh my God so I need to sing the audio in post but I don't want to do that no I will make a live demonstration right now I will start a clock and show you how long it takes it how long it really takes to sing the audio in post come on good so on my timeline right now I have the video because this is a step you will do anyway I will show you just the extra steps on this micro SD card I have my file I will insert this MicroSD into the car reader I will copy the files insert the files on my timeline and perfectly sync with the video and I'm not gonna make any cards to this video because I wanted to see I will start the clock and see how long it really takes are you ready come on let's do this three two one start I will act normal okay just insert the micro SD I will minimize my software I will go online my card here I will copy the file is the last one I will go on DaVinci I will put the fight on the timeline select my video and the audio and stop 29 seconds to perfectly sink the external audio with the video come on guys 29 seconds this is a well well invested time 29 seconds to have a good sound come on guys 29 seconds don't be lazy when it comes to sound quality seems easier to use a wireless love mic connected directly to the camera but if you set the gain wrong you will have clipping and you need to record everything again but if syncing the audio in post is your worst nightmare you can also connect the output of the F3 to the camera and record the sound in the camera and the F3 will apply a limiter so the sound will be good but the final recording in the camera in this case is not going to be 32 bits fold because your camera can't record 32 bits float and a bonus now because you use this recorder and you have two inputs you can use two microphones and have the perfect setup for a podcast if you want to do that and speaking about the microphone I recommend you this one Audio Technica 8875r this is a microphone that will help if you don't have a sound treated room like me it will help you to reduce the river and reject the ambient sounds right now this sound is recorded with the zoom F3 and this microphone now you hear me through this wireless system and this kind of microphones are only directional and those are picking up everything around you including the Reverb and the ambience noise and right now you can hear me through this studio microphone this is a good affordable studio microphone but if you don't have experience with this kind of microphones if you move a little bit big volume differences will appear on the finder recording and if you don't use a pop filter if you say pizza the sound will pop and this is disturbing this microphone is perfect it's affordable 169 dollars and extremely good sounding mic just position the mic as close as possible to the mouth outside of the frame and that's it I'm pretty sure that you will hear this a lot use this or this because it's easier trust me it's not gonna be much easier but comparing the sound quality it's worth a little bit of effort of course it's not everything about the technical quality but if you can do it better do it now let's move to the third part if you don't pay attention to this one the creative process can be so hard and annoying and money can be spent in a wrong way accessories one of the most important accessories is the light I use the godox sl60w a 60 watts light should be enough for the beginning with a lens like Sigma with f 1.4 of course you need a light stand I will put links in the description for all these equipments and to look good you also need the softbox I use this small one because I don't have a big room if you don't want a spot or cinematic light you can bounce the light from the wall in front of you without a softbox and for the camera you need two more things one a good tripod please don't buy a cheap plastic one you will regret this choose an aluminum or a carbon fiber one if you can with a fluid video hat I use this series tripod I am super happy with it and this second thing you need an SD card this should be v30 for zv10 I recommend this SanDisk 128 gigabytes and I was surprised if you have this setup the zv10 and this lens you can also Vlog with them it's easy to build a rig for vlogging if you already have them I have a dedicated video building a rig for vlogging with this camera and this lens you should definitely check this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabrielVIP [7 likes]: Hey friends, here are
🔴 ▶ The Best Sony ZV-E10 SETTINGS for Talking Head Videos: 👉 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nB4WF6EhqA
AND
🔴 ▶ Smart Formula for Choosing the Best Talking Head Camera: 👉 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvprnze8EKY
  2. @CreativeThinking52 [2 likes]: Awesome video!! Thank you for sharing.  Have an amazing day. 📝👍🎉
  3. @Williodersooo [1 likes]: Hey so im thinking about upgrading from my sony a6000 to a zv e10 is it worth it? Or would the next step be a full frame camera
  4. @SandiDragoi [1 likes]: Two years later, maybe even 3... and this video still ROCKS! You're the man!
  5. @inajphotography [1 likes]: Love your videos and resources. If you have the option between the Sony A6700 and the Sony ZV-E10 would you still choose the ZV-E10? If you don't need to worry about the price?
  6. @simonhornmusic [1 likes]: really enjoying your videos Gabriel and I have already have the ZV-E10 so I am halfway there :-) do you have any videos on lighting for musicians doing guitar tutorials instead of talking heads? I'm guessing I would need a few more lights to capture the wide shot and focal point? Thanks!
  7. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: Hello Gabriel,
Thank you very much for your videos — I love them!
I have a question, please: what level of brightness do you recommend for talking head videos — specifically for the key light, fill light, and hair light?
Thank you again, very kindly. Milena
  8. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: Gabriel the XLR cable is currently unavailable, do you please have another link? Thank you
  9. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: I love this video, thaaaaank you Gabriel
  10. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: I love  this channel, thank you
  11. @hypnosisthatworks [1 likes]: Love your videos. I turned 70 this week and again, I'm looking to start up making videos again.
I made videos and had channels for years with all the trials and tribulations on an early youtube
(no monitorization days)  talking about hypnotherapy (I was a hypnotherapist in NYC
for 37 years), many of those early channels and videos are still floating around the youtube ether, 
but the companies that provided me with an email address are long gone (talk about outliving my lifetime warranties).

Thank you for your support..
  12. @RobZelinka [1 likes]: This does look really easy to sync audio to video. In your video, it looks like the audio file extends before and after your video. Maybe that is normal? That aside, I'd need to move from Filmora to DaVinci as my post editing tool. I started with Filmora as I am a beginner. Thank you again for all you do. This is the best of all the channels. You make very difficult concepts easy for those like me who are new and learning this
  13. @ScoreSportsArgentina [1 likes]: Your are one of the best educators on the Internet! amazing job!
  14. @NullSimLabs [1 likes]: I have an sm7 mic but am hoping I can get it to sound more crisp. Thanks for sharing!
  15. @EugeneBrownMusic [1 likes]: Showing how to sync audio and video in DaVinci was gold! Thank you!!
  16. @TsarVuk [1 likes]: Your videos are really good and I appreciate the content.
  17. @MathewandShannon [1 likes]: All these youtubers making me feel like im wasting time syncing my audio in post so thank you for this 😭 I agree it’s not going to kill you to sync
  18. @Treborray [1 likes]: I love how you backed up what you said with legit evidence !
  19. @DouglasKomu: Again I said I want to pay. Where is your Patreon link?
  20. @DouglasKomu: I want to pay you for this video. This cannot be free! This is exactly what I need to watch!

- How to Film Talking Head Videos That People *Actually* Watch | TALKING HEAD 101: Kind: captions Language: en I feel like talking head videos get such a bad rep, but with the right setup and strategies, they can be one of the most effective types of video content to create to help humanize your brand, connect more with your audience, and position yourself as a thought leader. So, in part two of the video 101 series, you are going to learn everything you need to know about creating talking videos, whether it's for short form or long form. The first thing is your camera setup. There's really two ways that you can film with your camera when doing talking videos. You could either have it somewhere stable where you're wanting to use a tripod or a phone stand so the frame is consistent for the entire video or maybe you're changing up your angles between each take. Or you can really get dynamic and add in visual hook elements to how you're filming your talking content. So maybe you're using your back camera on 0.5 while you're walking and talking. Maybe you're doing it in selfie mode where you're like literally putting your phone down and having that visual cue. Or maybe you're using like a human tripod and walking and talking with someone. If you're saying the right thing in your talking videos, you really don't need to have a visual hook, but it definitely can be a nice added element to your video. It's why things like get ready with mess or those more casual facetiming style talking videos do so well because they draw you in visually in addition to what you're actually saying in your content. Lighting really matters with talking content. So, you want to make sure that the light is on you, the subject, not coming from behind you. Being back lit is truly the best way to make your talking head content absolutely look like crap. When it comes to the audio of your talking head videos, you definitely want to make sure that people can actually hear you and the audio levels aren't super low. You also don't want them super blown out where like your P's and your S's are super pronounced and strong. You also don't want them super blown out where like your P's and your S's are super pronounced and strong. And for the most part, you can achieve all of that in a regular space that's furnished, not too big, not too echoey, and you're close enough to your camera, whether that's your phone or you're using an actual camera. But mics are a really great way to elevate your talking head videos. And I personally love wireless lavalier style mics. They can be as tiny as this where you really can barely notice them. This is my DJI mini mics, which I love cuz they're small and very cute, but really easy to clip or use the magnet on wherever you're wanting to film. These are some other lav mics that I really like. The one by Rode. I love that these come in colors or just the regular DJI mic that comes with the Osmo Pocket 3 creator kit. And yes, you can use all of these with an iPhone. It's so funny. People are always like, "Why do people hold these when they're meant to be clipped?" And sometimes that can actually act as a visual hook where it's kind of drawing people in to you holding the camera really casually. Also, logistically, sometimes depending on what you're wearing, it just doesn't make sense to actually clip your mic on. And honestly, I find that a lot of people sometimes like to hold mics cuz it could just be very grounding if you're kind of like getting through some jitters and nerves of talking on camera. So, it kind of just depends on like the outfit or the vibe that you're going for in your content. And the final part of your camera setup is teleprompterss. And I have used teleprompterss in a more like professional type of setting. And honestly, I kind of hate them. And if we're being honest, you have to have some level of like training and teleprompter skills to really make it where you can't even tell you're using a teleprompter, but also where it makes filming a lot easier. How I personally like to operate when it comes to talking head videos, whether they're 15 minutes like this video or if they're literally a minute long, is I like to script word for word my introduction and any other really important parts like maybe the outro or any ads or calls to action. This really makes sure that I'm nailing the most important parts of the video. But other than that, I like to go off vibes and have like bullet points of what I like to say. This is because I trust myself as an educator, as a thought leader, and as an expert. And I know that if I know the topic and the overall direction I want to go for a video, I can reference that and really just go with the flow, which makes it so much more natural. You see my personality through how I'm talking, and that's honestly where the gems come from creating great content. So, when it comes to outlining your content, essentially I like to script out those main parts, outline those bullet points, and then I essentially have that off to the side so I'm able to reference it while I'm recording. And simply just writing it out, whether it's in your brain or in a notes app or in your content calendar, really can help you already know what you need to say. Like even as I'm recording right now, I like already set a bunch of my outline just because like I know my topic so well. And when in doubt, don't be so hard on yourself on having to get your content perfect to your script, to your outline. I just like to, like I said, go off the vibes, go with the flow, and know that you can always edit things out when you're actually editing and finalizing your talking content. Especially if maybe you're using an editing tool like the script where you can edit in that textbased doc, it's really easy to see those pauses. It's really easy to see those double takes are those lines you absolutely know you want to remove. And we do this all the time for our monthly clients when they send over talking videos. Not only are we callulling out what we just don't deem necessary to be in the video, we often are sometimes rearranging things when we find that sometimes the hook actually is a lot stronger later on in the video. So don't be afraid to have fun with editing and trust yourself when you're actually talking to camera. So, now that we've gone over your camera setup and how to prep what you actually want to say in your talking content, I want to talk about a really important element that I feel like people sleep on. And that is the framing of your talking videos. You want to make sure that when you're framing your videos that they're wide enough that you can actually do the edits that are going to make the video do well. So, this is adding closed captions, adding text overlay for callouts and main points, or even if you're wanting to add in some edits, which we'll talk about later on in this series, like maybe a jump cut or a slow zoom. You want to make sure you're not cutting off your head and that your shoulders aren't cut off in the frame. So, when in doubt, go wider than closer, cuz you can always bring things in. You cannot bring things out. And this definitely applies if you're creating long form content and you're wanting to pull that for short form vertical clips. Make sure your content is wide enough so the whole entire promo clip is not your head. That is not it just is not a vibe. So kind of my rule of thumb is for it to be chest up and leaving a little bit of space and room at the top of your head. That usually is like the perfect amount of framing knowing that you can always play around with being far back and like far from the camera. You can also play around with visual hooks. It can be sitting down while you're talking or starting farther away and walking towards the camera. But this is definitely a common mistake that I see that luckily is super easy to fix. Something else you can play around with when it comes to how you're recording your talking head content is you can totally do it to camera. But a format that we really love to use when we're shooting content with our clients is actually doing more like of an interview side angle um where you're not actually looking at the camera. It can kind of give that authority like speaker podcaster vibe which can be really effective. It's also really nice if you're creating content in a more interview style. So maybe instead of scripting your hook and outlining your main points, you could literally just prompt yourself with questions. So what are the questions your clients or your audience are asking you and literally just start your video based on that? It can be a really great way to get more natural talking content, especially if you find that when you look at the camera and start going, like everything just leaves your brain, which like honestly so relatable. You're not alone there. But an interview angle and even an interview approach to how you do your talking content can be a really fun way to like kind of disrupt the norm of what people expect for talking heads, but also can make it easier to record. And if you're wanting to do that interview angle and you're a little unsure of like where do I look, just set your eyes on a specific point that you can keep your eyes on. So I have like my little light around here. So if I went into an interview angle, I would essentially just like look at that light and just essentially talk to it. Even when I'm sometimes shooting with clients, I often have them look at me. So, it can be a great way for them to actually feel like they're talking to a person. Same. [Music] Now, when it comes to actually pressing record and filming, there's really two approaches you can pick. And I honestly sometimes do both, but it kind of depends on the situation. You can either film your content in one go, or you can film your content in multiple clips. At the end of the day, this honestly comes down to preference. But for me, when I'm doing long form content, like for my YouTube and video podcast, I always film in one long clip. The only exception is if I am changing where I'm recording throughout my video just to create some like pattern interruption and like visual interest. But sometimes I do this with my talking videos that are short form and vertical because I can essentially just like talk in that one long clip and then whenever I pause or make a mistake I can easily just split and cut those things out which I find a little bit easier than like pasting a bunch of clips together. But where filming multiple clips can be really helpful is if you are filming in different locations for your talking video or if you just find that you like to film each section of your video in little chunks. So maybe you want to do your intro and then you want to do your main point and then you want to do your outro. It can kind of be helpful for not only the editing process, but sometimes for you like pausing and then continuing on. There's really no wrong way. Just pick what feels best for the video you're creating. So now you're pressing record. You're ready to go. Here are some tips you absolutely need to know that are going to make you look more confident on camera. The first is to actually smile before you record. And it might feel super weird. I'm like now just in practice of doing this. It really just helps you heighten your energy when you're recording your content. So, I like to pause before saying another line or saying more things and then I'll naturally just smile before I start talking. Especially if you feel like you have a resting face, which I do. So, makes you just come across a lot more friendly. Brings the energy. One thing that will make recording your talking head video so much easier is pausing. Whenever I have a mistake or a slip up, I just pause and take a second. Not only does this make it a lot easier to edit, so you're not editing words that are like already rumpled on each other, but it also prevents you from doing the thing that we've all been guilty of doing of like, "Oh my gosh, oh, I can't believe I said that. Oh, I made a mistake." Like, why are we critiquing ourselves while we're recording our content? That brings the energy down. You get in your head. You're a lot more likely to have a million and 10 more takes. So, just like I just did, pause, take a breath, do the little smile, and keep going. Any last thing, and this is just like a personal pet peeve. I had to put a rant in here, but look at the camera. Do not look at the preview of yourself. So, if you're recording in selfie mode on your phone or if you're like recording on something like the DJI, which is really nice cuz you can like see yourself, do not look at yourself. Look at the camera. It's really easy to get in the habit of doing, but you can totally tell when someone is not having eye contact with the camera. your content just doesn't hit like it just doesn't hit the same. And that is everything you need to know about talking head videos. So, really nailing your camera setup when it comes to lighting, mics, being intentional with how you're outlining and scripting your content, getting the right framing down, and using those tips that I shared for really helping you feel more confident on camera. Just like any video skill, the more and more you do it, you're going to get so much better at it. So whether you're doing more speaking, maybe maybe you're doing more coaching, more educating, maybe you're even doing like a podcast or something like that. Think of ways that you can constantly be improving your talking skills, even if it just means picking up your camera and recording more talking content. I would love to know which of these tips you're excited to use in your own content strategy. And if you haven't already, watch part one of this 101 series where we talked all about B-roll. I can't wait to see you in the next episode, which is all about editing your B-roll videos and talking head videos. I'll see you in the next episode. I loved that video was so fun.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ttyrtube [4 likes]: Love this video - so well-explained and well-produced! Immediately subscribed.
  2. @TheZestyYapper [1 likes]: This helps so much! I did a raw video as an exercise and I loved how comfortable I was until it was time to do the actual structured video. I sounded so robotic. 

Do you have videos on how and when to do visual hooks? I noticed some basic zoom ins and zoom outs throughout this video. Really keeps my attention.

Edit: just got to 6:12 and you answered my question 😂
  3. @KnottyAutisticGranny [1 likes]: The vocal fry, though. :face-purple-crying: But I love the content.
  4. @maknien [1 likes]: Amazing energy! Love both the tips and the style!
  5. @louisville_high: I'm working on that camera confidence! idk why it really is like my brain goes blank lol, but like all things just have to jump in there and keep at it.
  6. @softlifehealth: Whats the difference between looking at the camera and revirding the interview style of the side view
  7. @softlifehealth: Should i put my phone in a vertical or horizontal when filming
  8. @softlifehealth: Can i use descript on a laptop
  9. @dhathaway: This is so perfect! Thank you!  I'm a subject matter expert, and I love making content that educates. When I'm doing those videos, I know the points I want to cover, but can talk (way too long) extemporaneously about my subjects. I find that just is so much more compelling and sincere than reading a script.
  10. @Iamyvettestrickland: Is your backround fake or real?
  11. @tulthapamagar.: Thank u
  12. @waltswarehouse: Some very helpful stuff here for me, thank you very much!
  13. @ashoreoriame3661: Thank you
  14. @christinedunning8463: Thanks, this was really helpful!  Lighting is always really tough for me, so I especially appreciate that.  And I'm going to try using a visual hook!
  15. @Janediariesandlifestyle: Thank you
  16. @JohnJames-Manifest: Awesome information
  17. @two_feral_gardeners: So helpful! I love the tip about smiling before you start to record. My partner often comments that I sound a bit under the weather when I speak to camera. My tip for looking at the camera lens is to stick a small post it note next to the lens, so I can focus on that without randomly looking around to see where I should be looking.😅
  18. @chronicallyplanned: This was a great video thank you for sharing
  19. @Sineadshineslight: Thank you this was really helpful. Do you have a video on how you can have timestamps created automatically? I did it in an earlier video and can’t remember how I did it! I’ve learnt so much over my YT journey but equally have forgotten so much too! 🤣
  20. @InsideOutWithCourtnaye: So good!

- 5 Tips for Leveling up your Talking Head Shots!: Kind: captions Language: en So today we're going to be talking about building a talking head hedgehog kind of like the one that you see right here. Um uh this is something that's just really important for every person who's doing videography photography to be able to do because you'd be amazed at the amount of times that you actually will end up doing something like this. Whether it's for interviews, uh storytelling, documentary style work, um even sometimes weddings, depending on how you film weddings, you might want to do like little interview style things. A lot of church work you need stuff like this, podcasts, any sort of YouTube content. Building a nice talking headsh shot is like videography 101 for my for my opinion. I mean, that's not necessarily true, but it's just something that I find that I use all the time. So, today we're going to talk about how you can build this. I got five tips for you of how you can upgrade your videos and upgrade your talking head shot to make them look nice and crisp and sound lovely. Now, first up, let's talk about your audio. Audio is going to be one of the most important things when it comes to getting this setup looking good. And the most important thing in my opinion is not just having a good microphone, but getting your microphone close to your subject. Now, right now, the microphone that I'm using, which is a Sennheiser MKH416, is just one foot away from my mouth. Uh, and we'll talk about that in a second, but let me just show you real quick what that would sound like if I put the microphone on top of my camera. Cuz I've seen a lot of people doing this is they'll use a camera and they'll have it set up and they'll put the microphone on top of the camera, but the camera is like six feet away and they're wondering why their audio doesn't sound any good. Well, let's go ahead and we'll put this really nice $1,000 microphone on top of the camera. And now you're listening to the same audio, the same microphone, the same setup. Nothing's changed, except that the microphone is far away. And as you can tell, it sounds so much worse. Um, because the the quality of your audio really does drastically change the closer you can get the microphone to your subject. Now, obviously, you can get it too close and it'll sound crazy, but if you can get it within a foot uh or 2 ft, it really makes a massive difference. But yes, I hope you agree this doesn't sound anywhere near as good. So, if you can get your microphone nice and close to your subject, cuz when it's far away, it sounds bad. And I'm not going to bother your ears with the way that this sounds any longer. All right. And now it is back to being nice and close and sounding great. Now, if you are filming something and you actually cannot get your microphone as close as you want to your subject, maybe your frame is quite large, well, you can do what I'm actually doing in this shot and get your microphone super close in the frame and just paint it out. So, for example, the microphone is right here. I'll show you. It's just sitting here right now. Uh, and it is in the frame. What I did is before I hit record, I moved the microphone out of the way and I got a clean plate of the image. All I then did was took a still of that, I masked a little section and I planted it back on top, covering up this microphone with a nice clean plate, which as you can see, if I lift my hand up, my hand will disappear. So, that's just something that I had to be aware of. But, it is something you can do. It's relatively easy to do. So, if you can't get your microphone just outside of the frame, you can't get it close enough, you could either go for a lavalier mic or a little wireless mic, that's totally fine, and they work pretty good. But if you really have a specific microphone style that you're wanting to get, then you can actually just hide it in your frame and paint it out. A really nice little trick. I can't remember that. If I if I can find the video that I saw the guy doing this, I will link that down below. But um it it is a cool little trick. So yes, microphone in the frame. Sounds really good. Gets it really nice and close to my face uh so that I can get a nice clean sound to it without you even being able to see it. I think it's great. Fun little trick. Let's talk about lighting. Um, lighting is really important and I think most people have a basic understanding of lighting to know, hey, you need a key light, right? And that's very true. At the moment, I'm using a giant reflector umbrella. It's a 72in reflector. I've got a whole video about this thing and I think it's fantastic. Um, really large, big soft light spilling onto me. Gives me a nice key light. But there's way more than that going on in this image. So, let me real quick go and I'm I'm going to turn off all of my other studio lights that I'm using in this room. So, you might not really think about it right now, but I'm using six lights just to make this shot right now. So, let me go ahead and turn those off. Now, obviously, as I turn these lights out, I'm going to have to bring my my little hidden microphone uh back into the frame here just because it's going to change the lighting and I can't use that. So, ignore the fact that there's going to be a microphone in the frame for this next little section. And this is kind of what you're left with. Not quite cuz I left I left these three on this shelf on because they're kind of wired in and a real pain to turn off. But uh so if you were to turn these lights off, that would add a little bit more as well. All this is is the key light. That's it. Right. So now this doesn't look bad necessarily. So other than these three little sort of lights over here that you can see, um there are three other main lights that I've been using to sort of add something to the space. First off is a small rig flashlight. It's a 10 watt flashlight that you can add a snoot onto the front or it's not really a snoot, but kind of like little goooos to add some something interesting into the background. So, I'll go ahead and turn that one on. So, I have that one set to shine a blue light. It's just a line, big old line across the wall behind me across those photos. And it doesn't really act as a leading line. It's kind of like a leading line, but it just adds a something a little bit of interest into the shot. Again, I've got I like to lean into a teal and orange kind of style, which we're going to talk about a little bit more later, but got orang-ish lights over here and nice blue sort of colors over here matching with my yellow couch. All that kind of stuff. Tying those all in. Looks pretty good. Second is my hair light. So, if if you know about key lights, you probably know about hair lights, but uh a little light uh this is just a GVM panel. Nothing exciting. Dirt cheap uh little light. Uh, and it is hung up right above my head behind me here and it is shining light onto the back of my head giving me like an outline around me. So, I'll go ahead and turn that one on. And that is what that one looks like. So, it's just added a little bit of light wrap around my shoulder here and a little bit on this side of my face. Again, contrasting with my key light kind of coming in from two opposite directions. Um, so that's just a really nice little thing to do. I think it just adds something. And then the last light that I had that I actually can, it's not going to make a massive difference, but I have another one of these LED panels actually behind the camera, just hitting the wall, the white wall behind the camera. And that just adds a little bit of fill of light to the rest of the room. So, we'll go ahead and turn that on and see if you can see a difference. And that's what that looks like. Just a little bit of difference. It just raises the level a tiny little bit on the shadow side of my face. Um, just something interesting. So, the reason I'm telling you all this is just to think about lighting, right? Don't just think of a key light, right? You need more than one light. Um, and that's why I really tried to tell people to invest less in your camera and invest more in lighting and lenses and all the other stuff that you're going to need because it really does make a massive difference. Again, going back to having just the key light compared to all of this. I think it just looks a whole lot better. Third, let's talk about layers, right? So, any any shot that you're trying to make is going to have multiple layers to it. You got a foreground, midground, and background. But first off, let's talk about background. Um, as you can kind of see behind me here, one thing that's really important, I think, to to think about is color, uh, and and style of background. I like to film into a corner of a room because I think it just makes quite a big difference. Um, if you if you film into just like a flat white wall, it just looks a little bit dull and a little bit boring. But if you film into the corner, you can get a lot of stuff going on. So, even adding specific colors into your background that sort of complement your whole shot is nice. Now, over behind me here, you can see we've got like wood, sort of orang-ish colors, some more orange lights on this on this shelf over here, and all of my, you know, bits and bobs of cameras as long as as well as a painting, a guitar, stuff like that. Just a little stuff in the background to add a little bit of interest, but we've got orange on one side, and then on this side over here, we have yellowsish and sort of teals. I like to lean into that teal and orange color space. I think teal and orange is just a nice one to go for. I find it it works well for a lot of stuff that I do. adding this sort of blue light here that I talked about earlier, just adding a little bit of interest in color to your shot that isn't like crazy. Now, if I was to fill the background with like a bright pink light, that would be a completely different looking image. Um, so not to say that it would be a bad image, it's just different. So, you got to think about how you're working your colors in your space. Secondly, one thing I actually really like to do is to not put my subject or like the person talking in the foreground. I actually like to put the person in the middle in the in the in the midground of the shot because then you can add a little bit of interest. So, let's talk about foreground real quick. As you can see in the corner of this shot right here, there's actually some like sort of out of focus stuff. I don't know if you can tell what it is. I just grabbed a plant. Uh this is literally just a plant that I got on Amazon for like no money. And all I did is I placed it in the foreground slightly in the frame. And as you can see, it's kind of it's wobbling a little bit. But that little bit of interest over on the what is that? Left. Right. I it's reversed. Um that little bit of interest on the left hand side of the frame just adds something just something kind of nice that separates me a little bit from from the foreground and it and it puts me in a certain spot in the shot that just gives me a little bit of differentiation. I don't know if that makes sense, but adding a little bit of foreground elements is a really nice little touch um when layering your image. Next, let's talk about lens choice. Now, I'm not going to tell you you have to use this type of lens or that type of lens. I would just recommend that you think about what type of lens to use. Depending on what it is that you're filming, you're going to want to consider using slightly different style of lenses. For this kind of style of talking head shot where you get kind of half half the body uh a little bit far away from the camera and a nice sort of compressed image. I like to go for a 35 to 50 mm. So, right now you're watching me on a 35 mil f1.4 and you're about 5t away from me and I think it looks really nice. And this might seem contradictory because if you are the type of videographer who has learned everything that you know about videography off of YouTube, which is the way that I was, right? So I I learned on YouTube University Peter McKinnons, Makapoyas, Mark Bones, all those kind of things when talking about cameras. And a lot of a lot of the time when they talk about the kind of gear that they use to make their videos, which they do talking head shot, they're talking about ultra wide lenses. There is a good time and a place to use an ultra wide lens, but it's not always. So, for example, in this shot, I really like a 35 mm. It compresses the background a little bit. It brings me a little bit closer, is a little bit more intimate than what the typical YouTuber tends to focus on, which is like a 16 mil. Now, to demonstrate that, I will go ahead and I will stick a 16 mm lens on this camera just and I'll move the camera a lot closer to show you the extreme difference of what that might look like. And now you're on an 11 mm on an APS-C sensor. So, you know, super wide. Uh, it looks kind of crazy, right? very very very different kind of shot to what you were seeing before. Uh so this obviously looks completely different and I think it looks terrible because for this space for this shot it just doesn't work whereas the 35 mm did work. So what I'm trying to say is you need to just pick the lens for your space and for your shot not just using lenses that you see other people using because you're not in their space. You're not in their room and you're not filming what they're filming. You're filming something different. You wouldn't use an 11 mm lens for portraits on a wedding. you'd probably use something more like an 85. But at the same time, if you're filming, if you're filming real estate, you're not going to be using an 85 millimeter. You're going to be using an 11. What I'm trying to say is pick the lens for your shot. Not just pick the lens because you like that lens or you like a certain influencer that uses that lens. Different lenses are for different scenarios. There are times where 11 mm is very beneficial for YouTube videos, like this video that you're seeing. Um, I liked having the whole studio in the shot and I was filming and talking about a big product, so I needed a lot more space. But for a video like this, it's just too wide and it feels all like it's stretched and weird and I don't like it. So, pick the right lens for the right kind of shot. Lastly, one really nice tip that I really like to use is to use the shadow side of the face. That might sound strange. Um, but if you haven't sort of noticed whenever you're watching films, um, it is very rare for a a film to have the the light side of the face facing the camera. They they do it sometimes, but it's used to sort of portray certain different emotions at times, but most of the time you'll find that a lot of movies and a lot of films will have the shadow side of the face facing the camera. So, right now it's a little bit different because I'm I'm kind of facing the camera right here. Um, but the I've I've intentionally faced my chair this way a little bit so that the shadow side of my face faces you just that touch more. Now, this is extra important if you're using a second angle, right? So, as you can kind of see in my second angle here, having that shadow side of the face um facing the camera just adds a little bit of interest and a little bit of something different to the shot. And I I just think I I personally think it's quite nice. Now, if I turn my chair the other way, hopefully you'll be able to see a little bit of a difference as to what that would look like. Now, I've just turned my chair a little bit so the light side of my face is actually facing the camera. Um, and I just find this isn't quite as pleasing. I just don't think it looks as good. Uh, again, that's me personally, but there there may be times where you want the light side of the face facing the camera, but what I'm trying to say is not necessarily this. This is a have to rule, but it's something to think about. Um, especially when it comes to a second angle. Um, I think it just adds something a little bit interesting. But anyway, that is what I have for you today. Uh, if you've enjoyed this kind of video, if this type of thing is helpful to you and you prefer more educational style stuff, let me know in the comments down below. But if you prefer more just talking about gear and like talking about cool stuff, let me know that, too, because I want to make content that is right for you. So, you let me know what you think in the comments down below. Um, if you're a regular viewer of this channel, thank you for watching. Um, videos have been a little slower lately just because life is changing. A couple of videos about that coming out here pretty soon, but a lot of exciting stuff going on. Hopefully in the next couple of months, there are going to be tons more videos coming uh on a weekly basis. So, subscribe if you want to see that because I got a couple of cool announcements that I'm really excited to get into. And I just want to thank you all for watching. If you've enjoyed the video, hit the like button, drop a comment down below, or maybe even subscribe as we continue to build this channel. I appreciate all of you for doing so and I hope that you have a wonderful day. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @LJLeeTV [2 likes]: quite frankly audio, lighting, camera are accessible these days. 
but nobody really talks about set design and color pallet. 
i think it was becky and chris who actually covered them in depth. 
Would be nice if you could share your process on that!
  2. @YoshMusik [1 likes]: Amazing video, thank you!! Love the educational stuff
  3. @sibertiger17 [1 likes]: Hey from Calgary Canada. Don't you dare steer away from this. This is EXACTLY the type of teaching,  and informative style no one else really does. There's uncountable gear heads in here and it's all the same. They're all trying to get more free gear and not really giving honest information. 

I love this new look with you sitting in the room. It gives an interview feel to it, like us the viewers are asking the questions and you're responding. Love it. The only thing I don't like is the plant in the foreground.  It looks like something is smudged on the screen and it's distracting! Lol

I'd love to see you do this similar explanation for smaller spaces. My studio office is only 8'x10' amd is very cramped. My theater room that I've done a few in is bigger but just a square about 10x12. So would love to see you shrink this down for smaller spaces
  4. @duacky [1 likes]: Great stuff like always! Keep up the good work man.
  5. @Schoenergesehen: Thanx, very inspiring hints and tips! I saw the masking tip here over at Harv: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MkzOsXULeI
  6. @Mac_Choudhry: Nice video man. Loads of great info here. 👍🏽
  7. @daryldescallar5795: Thanks Thomas. You gave me a ton of knowledge here.
  8. @pastorbrianmachache6411: Can I use a 35mm lens in a 3 meters by 3 meters room?
  9. @pastorbrianmachache6411: Thank you so much for this, I learnt a lot here.
  10. @jarrodsplace: Great video.. This all makes sense the way you've explained. Has helped demystify lighting..
  11. @huseyin_dik: a fantastic and simplified explanation of some basic staff, thank you.
  12. @aakash.s2667: Very insightful. Thank you so much
  13. @Zulushi: This was super helpful
  14. @Aleksey_Bibikov: Очень примерно с микрофоном)
  15. @joknightfilms: Tattoo tour for next video
  16. @PaulFeinberg: Love the idea of shooting into the shadow side of face. Good video.
  17. @RicoManila: This is sssoooooooo smooth brother! I love it, though I must admit you are a good looking man Bro ahaha! (but thanks for this video.) much love from the other side of the earth!
  18. @JakeOski: Awesome video with impeccable timing - got couple of projects end of next week that got me thinking of different setup :)
  19. @shoottochange: Great video, and great timing. I'm just in the process of converting a new office space I'm leasing into a YouTube studio and I am in the early process of trying to set up the space optimally for my main talking head shot. Love the idea of the mic masking!
  20. @ReflexGuy217: Nice content Thomas. Thanks for sharing. I would love to see some content about how to shoot cinematic on a rigged camera.

- How to Make Your First YouTube Video (Talking Head Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Take your smartphone and set it at eye level. This is super important. Next, find the right angle to be well lit. Stop. This is a lie. This is the formula to fail when creating your first YouTube talking head video. If someone tells you to create your first YouTube video like this, don't do it. We will get to the camera angles and other things immediately. Don't worry. But if you start like this, you will fail. You have no experience yet, so you can't just start creating as you've already made 100 videos. To start practicing video creation, you need to be sure you won't be embarrassed, that no one will judge you and that you will sound and look great. Follow this formula and you will get there. The first step is to plan the video. [music] And here you need to clarify three aspects. You need to know what you are talking about. Clarify your niche and the topic you want to approach for your video. You will hear many creators saying that you don't need to worry about the niche at the beginning. Just create. And that's partially true. Choose one niche. Yes, maybe you will change it. Maybe you will change your mind. It doesn't matter. Choose a niche to practice in the same area of expertise. Personal finances, gardening, history, whatever you want to talk about. and afterward choose one topic to start with. Let's say I choose the niche of personal finances and the first topic will be about spending less money every month. The second aspect before taking the phone to shoot is to create a title for the video. It will be a bad title. You will change it later. You have no experience in making an attractive title. It doesn't matter yet. Make a title. How to save more money every month. Now, because you have the title, ask yourself this question. Why will someone watch this video and write down all the answers that come to your mind? As simple as because prices are going up, people need to save more for their mortgages. Because summer is coming and people want to save for a trip. Because the economy is changing and it's harder and harder for people to grow their savings accounts. It doesn't need to be perfect and it will not be. But these answers will help you craft your message better. If you have all these information, you will start imagining a human being who needs your content and it switches something in your brain that will help you create way better videos. And before moving on to the gear, smartphone, cameras, lights, angles, and other technical aspects, you have one more step to complete at the preparation stage. Listen to the explanation before you say no. Write the script for the video word by word. You don't need to use it if you don't want to. But here is why it's so important. You want to create a talking head, educational, valuedriven video. You are not going to create vlogs. and you have no experience speaking in front of the camera yet. If you write about the topic you will shoot, when you shoot, it will be way easier having the message clear. You will find the right words immediately and you will have a great structure of the information because when you write the script, you can think about it, change it, review it, and find the best words. Write the script and you can transform it afterwards into bullet points or don't use it at all. Throw it away. Write the script first to practice the topic and analyze it in depth and your on camera presence will be transformed instantly. Now let's move to the most desired step. How to actually shoot your first YouTube video. Now take your smartphone. It doesn't matter what smartphone you have. Take your laptop, camera, or webcam, it doesn't matter, and set it at eye level. You don't want to look like this or like this. You will be disappointed when you review the footage. You want to look straight at the camera like this. Don't buy a tripod yet or anything else. Use some books or a shelf, something to place the camera at eye level. Next, use the native camera app. It's great. Use the simplest method to record the first video and practice. Before pressing record, try rotating yourself so you are lit the right way. You need to face the window so you will be lit up by the sun. Use the natural light in the beginning. It's perfect. You don't need to buy anything yet. And now one of the biggest secrets. Don't use the selfie camera and minimize OBS when you record on PC because you don't need to see yourself. What? But I feel more confident, look better, I can correct my posture and like the video more when I see myself while shooting. Wrong. You don't have enough experience to see yourself and talk in front of the camera. If you see yourself, you will not pay attention to what you are talking about. You will freeze, stumble over your words, act strangely because you will pay attention only on how your shirt stays, how your hair looks, or how you move your hands. You will look unnatural because you don't have experience. You are the only one who will see this video. If you look bad, it doesn't matter. You need to use the main camera, not see yourself. Talk to the small lens and think about the meaning of the words. Think about the message and try to talk to the imagined human being who wants to watch your video. I place the phone at eye level and the chair I will sit in. So my head is above the back rest and I adjust the phone's position to keep my head in this area. I press record, sit on the chair, and record the video. It doesn't matter if you need to repeat some phrases. It doesn't matter how you think you look. It doesn't matter if you make mistakes. Continue until you record the full message you want to deliver. Record the whole video. Next, download a video to your PC to see it on a bigger screen and move to the third step. Analyze and make a full list of what you want to improve. Nobody likes the first video, so don't be disappointed when you watch it. This is normal. But watch it multiple times and analyze it from three perspectives. Write down what you want to improve in your speech and how you act. Maybe you speak too fast or you use a high-pitched voice or you are frozen like this and you don't move at all. or maybe you move your hands too much as I do. Make the list. Second, analyze how the image looks and write down what you want to improve. Maybe is the position of the camera, the background, the light. Make the full list. And third, watch the video again and try to watch it as a viewer. Analyze if the message is clear, if the structure is good, and if you clearly and easily understand the message. Ignore the repetitions and the pauses since you might not know how to edit yet. But you can use free software like Davinci Resolve or iMovie on Mac and cut the repetitions and pauses. Video editing may look scary, but you only need to do the basics. I don't do video editing tutorials because there are so many software options and people prefer different ones, but you can find dedicated video editing channels for any software you like. I like to use Dainci Resolve, but you can do the same thing on any editing software. It may take some time at first to watch tutorials and edit your first video, but it will get faster and easier. Don't worry about this step yet. You [music] can even remove the repetitions and the pauses using your smartphone. There are a ton of apps to do it. But here is a way more important aspect. After you analyze the video and have the list of improvements, don't try to solve more than one at a time. It's impossible and you will get frustrated and give up. Let's say you don't like it because you move your hands too much. Record the video again and concentrate on solving only this problem. Maybe hold the pen in your hands to be more relaxed. Or maybe you don't like your high pitch. Concentrate on being more relaxed and lowering your tone. Record again solving one problem. analyze the video again and if the problem is solved, go on to solve the next one and apply what you already solved the first time. It will not be perfect. It will take some time to practice. But after a few recordings, you will have a decent video to publish and if you compare it with your first video, it will be a night and day difference. In the beginning, you don't need to buy any gear. You can practice like this and only when you feel you are ready to upgrade to a more professional setup, you can start upgrading the gear step by step. The first piece of equipment you can upgrade, it's a tripod. And please don't make the mistake of buying the cheapest plastic tripod. You will waste your money. Invest in something that you can use for years if you want to go professional. If you want to keep the camera on the desk, a professional aluminum tripod costs around $54 US like the VT20 from Small Rig. If you want a tall tripod, a professional one that you can use for years, even if you upgrade the setup later to a mirrorless camera with a teleprompter, it will cost around $99. Don't waste the money on bad cheap plastic gear. If you have the tripod, you can improve the audio quality. Next, here you can start with something easy to use and cheap like the DJI Mic Mini. This can be connected directly wirelessly to the smartphone attached to the shirt and the audio will be way better. The DJI Mic Mini cost around $45 and it's a decent microphone. Next, you can improve your lighting setup by switching to control the lights. You can use any frame you want and the best background in your house. Here again, don't spend money on bad cheap lights because you will want to upgrade soon and waste your money. Great professional lights are not that expensive these days. For example, I use Godox ML100B lights for my videos and one of these costs around $199. And of course, you need to pair it with a softbox and a light stand. You can start with one and expand your setup later. And if you have good lighting, good audio, and the camera positioned correctly, you can create amazing videos. For inspiration, I will add an affiliate link to my full list of equipment in the description. If you click on my link, you won't pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission, and this will help me get sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. And after you make the initial improvements, you need to decide when to upload your first video. It will never be perfect. There will always be room for improvement and upgrades, but you need to decide when to upload your first YouTube video and make it public. But because of the practice and because you plan your videos before you shoot, you will see a huge improvement between your first recording and the video you want to upload after a few improvements. Use this channel as a library of tutorials for everything you need to improve your video creation. From how to speak more naturally in front of the camera to how to set your camera, how to transform any room into a professional shooting space, how to use video lights, a full free masterclass, how to record better audio, how to use a lavalier mic better, how to make a great background or how to make your videos look more professional. Everything you need is on the channel or you can ask if you have any difficulties and I will try to get back to you with an answer. But after watching this video, the best thing to do is to learn how to speak more naturally in front of the camera, which exercises to do and how to practice. And for this, I will give you a dedicated video showing you step by step how to practice and speak naturally in front of the camera as you would with a friend. Watch this video and start your content creation journey the right way, reaching the results you want, fast and easy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kat5266 [4 likes]: Wow such a good video! Definitely see this one blowing up.. hope the algorithm pushes it to everyone out there! Great job sir 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  2. @mangafan88 [2 likes]: Grear video as always
  3. @dimamigis [2 likes]: AGREE!!! - Continuous Improvement is the key!.
Rehearsals of the script / Relaxing in front of camera / Adjusting Cam position / Lights / Mic / Background / Camera Rig / Acoustic Panles / Second angle... and the list goes on.
My 1st and 11th video it is a Night and Day difference.


Process of CREATION and FUN should be your priorities at start... not the results, subs, comments, virals.

Thanks Gabriel for great piece of advice
  4. @TheKateBernal [1 likes]: This is a very complete video, Gabriel. Getting started is the most difficult aspect of anything, including recording your first video.
I've had some setbacks that have prevented me from republishing my first video. I had to change a few things in the script among other things. I'm hoping I can finally publish it in the next couple of weeks.
  5. @MyTopTalent [1 likes]: Hi Gabriel, it’s amazing how your tell a story so clearly with English as your second language.   You said to place the Godox ES45 at 45° to me but how high? As high as my head?  a little above my head, a lot higher than my head?   (I wear glasses).    I missed that point in your excellent guidance 🔥. Thanks!
  6. @KsDevotions [1 likes]: This was quite instructional and easy to watch/understand...thank you Gabriel!
  7. @Zain792 [1 likes]: Amazing! Could you please guide me about the technique you used for this amber lighting 9:03 thank you 🙏
  8. @yotakshi [1 likes]: Gabriel please review the viltrox 13mm f1.4 lens for talking head videos, I want to purchase it but I'm still deciding weather to go with the 13mm or will the 15mm give me more good results, I want a dynamic look and a good blur for that the f1.4 is good and in good budget but the 15mm f1.7 doesn't look that dynamics and the blur isn't there that much so a comparison would be great
  9. @mikehilloriginal [1 likes]: Great video. You Amz link in the description doesn't work
  10. @ProfMarc [1 likes]: Hej Gabriel,  that's a great work flow chart to focus effort and not waste unnecessary time, actually leaves more time for fine-tuning before uploading the final,  polished video....👍🇮🇪
  11. @Awholeadult [1 likes]: Gabriel you have impeccable timing! I just got the Elgato teleprompter because of you. I will be filming on my phone. Please consider making a video of setting up cellphone and elgato teleprompter if you havent already. Thanks for all you do!
  12. @GabrielVIP: I have videos and precise tutorials on all aspects of content creation on the channel.
Here are a few playlists with useful videos on the most important topics:

▶ 🎥 Camera Lens and Setup: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_loH8qeVxvxi1UtHt5CkNwK&si=seGIjElVeF3ygKr8 👈
▶ 💡 Video Lighting Setup: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_mENacFcdv9mCMBw65hqrDn&si=rSEblovnqn_8EmlT 👈
▶ 🏠 Shooting Space At Home: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_lUCKwg2yg0KN_9H5DgFVI2&si=swMzRx9BqWeGxT7H 👈
▶ 🎙 Microphones & Audio: 👉  https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_mucdnOg4FbUoydbZsUYHiH&si=I8SOt43f5VDr0pll 👈
▶ 🗣 Speaking on Camera: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_mXhNNY76fBu8KD0PwcxUjK&si=LY-XZrOEmZOUFp2A 👈
  13. @Olive-q7j: Great video as usual, Gabriel! Your content is always amazing. Please make a video about the DJI Mic 3 next!

- GET BETTER at TALKING On-Camera in 10 Mins: Kind: captions Language: en you know what the biggest mistake people make when they're talking on camera they talk to the camera that's right you heard it here first stop talking to the camera and start talking to people I want to share with you the top mistakes you could well be making and you just don't know it but more importantly I'm also going to tell you how to fix those mistakes now I haven't pulled this out of a back of a van somewhere I'm basing this on over a decade of experience as a voiceover actor and a commercial talk show host let alone a milon years making content you really have to keep in mind that you're talking to another human okay not a camera so there is somebody on the other side of this video I'm not talking to my in this case a Sony zb1 you're not talking to the camera you're talking to another human now you don't know their name you don't know where they're from in fact chances are you don't know anything about them but that's okay because you're talking to another human not a camera to help with this you got to visualize who they are now that might be hard so if you can't visualize anybody just maybe visualize a friend and if that's difficult then visualize that you're talking to me it's not as scary as it it is as scary as it seems to visualize me talking yeah anyway but that's what you need to do step one visualize who they are don't use any jargon or buzzword that they might not understand don't use any formal language and even the words formal language sounds like formal language you get what I'm saying right we're having a casual con conversation like you would with your friends remember this right and this is a really important thing you're talking to somebody you're not talking at them looking down your nose no no you're talking to me and you right now ask them questions like talk to them like a normal human ask them questions pause maybe for a split second when you ask whatever that question is and then move on to whatever else that you're going to be saying body language hands Smiles that's all good but if you overdo it I mean if you're doing like Jackie Channel Impressions when you're constantly talking with your hands it can get really distracting to the autofocus and it can also really drive your audience nuts but if that's the way you talk then that's the way you talk just be you because remember you're talking to another human so look down the lens of the actual camera if you're not looking down the lens of a camera maybe you're looking at a flip out screen or a monitor that's on top of the camera if you're looking at any of those and not looking down the lens it just shows you're completely disinterested in your audience you don't care you're just not making connection because the eyes are the pway to the soul or some weird thing anyway you get what I'm saying we connect Through The Eyes in fact if that's going to be a huge struggle for you do what Casey neistat does quite a lot of time he's always wearing sunglasses because you can never tell where his eyes are it just looks like he's talking to you not right Casey talking to the lens don't talk in a monotone it can be hard but what you've got to remember is people people are watching and listening to you I even find it hard to do this is actually hard to talk in a monotone for me cuz I'm so amazing right yeah don't talk in a monotone it can be hard but people are watching and listening to your content and if it sounds like you're bored out of your mind in a monotone then with no pitch and no inflections then it makes it incredibly hard for the audience to connect to you and that's what we want is a really good connection between you and me and just what you got to remember remember is breathe every now and again pacing is so so so important and then the occasional pause depending on how long the pause should be because if there's pauses then it means drama and if there's drama you never know what's coming next if you need to record a part again because you screwed it up for whatever reason then don't just re-record the part that you've screwed up go back a line or two go back maybe a few sentences now there's a coule couple of reasons for this the main one really though is your energy levels because if I screw because if I see I need to go back a little bit so I can get this line going again and then by the time you get to the part you've screwed up hopefully you won't screwed up again but the energy and the flow is a lot more natural and it doesn't just sound like you crowbarred in an extra line with a really harsh jump cut when you're recording a video you really have to raise your voice just a bit so if I was talking to somebody that was kind of in the room here this is the way I would be kind of talking but because I'm talking to camera and more importantly the people behind the camera and that's a clue you got to talk to those folks so you got to project your voice this is what we call it so we're talking to whoever is behind the camera Let's Pretend we've got a camera person that's holding the camera or if you're in a small medium room then talk to the back of the room so you're raising your voice up maybe 25 30% than you normally would now there's a few reasons for this number one when you start raising your voice it brings in your performance level so it's like a switch that goes off so you've got the performance this brings your energy up and if it's bringing your energy up and your voice is up a little bit this gives you huge onscreen presence and more importantly it gives you huge onscreen confidence so just talk beyond the camera just a bit SS and eyes are uh an ABS they're SS and eyes are pain in the butt to listen to because not only does it sound like you have a clue what you're on about it's just uh see I don't know what I'm going to say next that's what it sounds like it really sounds like you are completely clueless so cut them out now I'm not saying cut them out in the edit because we're going to have a whole jump cut scenario where you should cut them out is out of your vocab so if you uh uh see it get so annoying okay I'm overdoing it a little bit but you get what I'm saying just redo the line redo the sentence whatever the Spiel whatever you've got saying just cut out the ums and as and speaking of cutting stuff out there's probably a few words if you go back and watch all of your videos or the last I don't know 10 videos that you've got you're going to see I'm saying that word a lot I would Hazard a guess if I'm right on this I want you to subscribe to the channel if you haven't subscribed I bet you you are saying the word so a lot go back and look in your videos and if you've seen I actually do say the word so quite a lot then yeah you owe me a subscription is that a is that a fair deal fair deal so see what I'm doing the word so is a crutch now a crutch is something that you lean on it means that you don't really know what's coming next even though you do but your brain isn't thinking that far ahead so there's words that you're using all the time that get very annoying it's only when you listen back or watch back your stuff that you'll identify ah so I owe vicka subscription cut out those crutch words not having a clue what you're saying let me just look at my yeah see you don't have to write a script when it comes to making a talking head video or talking to camera but you should have a few bullet points at the very least especially if you're just starting out because reading a script or memorizing a script can be quite painful and it takes a lot of practice if you don't have all the time for all the practice in the world a few bullet points to get you from point A to point B to point C now the less of those things that you have the more likelier to make all of the mistakes that I've just highlighted in this video a little bit of structure goes a long long way I mean there's a reason people have scripts in Hollywood right now there's also something else that would be a really good reason for you to take on board and that's this video here yo that would be pretty sweet take two you know what the biggest why did I screw that one off let's go again oh my God I didn't screw that one up as well m M howow yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @VicBarry [18 likes]: 🎯 Want to level up even faster? I put all my best camera confidence tips in one playlist – start here: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8k5HnN2yxKYJqGcgBbApNycsYi5wSdHj&si=7pw0d7yXbxR940Fi

Begin with this video, then binge the rest in order for the quickest results.
  2. @BBQ420HISTORIAN: I don't have that issue been in front of camera for years my issue is the algorithm
  3. @bradleyreed5762: You so  earned the subscription click in the first minute of so of the video so I’m so happy to climb on board.
  4. @forbabygrl1: Somebody please tell me where this man comes from! Is so close to the way they speak that it makes me laugh.
  5. @MisterMoonWorld: Thank you!
  6. @livinlifebehindbars: On TT they have creator hands. Lol
  7. @gkp76: I have the monotone problem
  8. @thatonegirl6880: I’m making videos on YouTube, on my other channel. So far I only have 2 shorts…I mumble a lot and am using music to hide it…I’m hoping my videos will improve over time.
  9. @thatonegirl6880: I’m boring so I can’t just be me. 😂
  10. @SensibleHorology: Fair deal. “So,” is a word I use, ha! I was waiting to see if you were going to say “so” is the word people use often. I subscribed because this was really useful! Thanks.
  11. @BikesBrewsMidlifeBlues: So…subscribed!
  12. @wastenotwantnotArt: I say ‘so’ a lot so I do 😂
  13. @LittlePoet: You are so talented...what great tips here to be successful when connecting to your subscribers!
  14. @ProjectArmwrestlingpodcast: @VicBarry Thank you for this video!

It was very useful tips for me that just started a channel and want to improve 🎉thank you
  15. @jurik.design: Thank you Vic! I will do better after this lesson 🙏👏
  16. @max_rove: Great video, thanks for the awesome details and good delivery!
  17. @0xmazyar: banger video sir . loved it
  18. @blackdvrma6282: I love it your talking style literally I’m watching first time this video ❤😂 I subscribed bby
  19. @haneenelttayef6991: Not only had to subscribe because of so but also left a comment 😂
  20. @RobertEFuller: So ‘ I’ve had to subscribed

- What Lens Should You Be Using for Talking Head?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Casey Neistat often shoots super wide,&nbsp;&nbsp; 10-14mm.. Becky and Chris shoot long at 105mm..&nbsp; Peter McKinnon, Lizzie Pierce, Peter Lindgren,&nbsp;&nbsp; all at 24mm. You’ll usually see ME at 85mm. Your lens choice when shooting a video will&nbsp;&nbsp; cause the biggest change in how everything&nbsp; looks. WAY more than which camera you use,&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe on par with what type of&nbsp; and what style of lighting you use. Lets look at a few examples and Ill&nbsp; match them up with things youre used&nbsp;&nbsp; to seeing. We’ll start out wide - super&nbsp; super common lens is the 24mm.. I could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wrong about these shots, photographers&nbsp; are a sneaky bunch, but Im probably not - Starting out with Peter McKinnon.. He shoots&nbsp; his talking heads wide. Notice how you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see a lot of the background, as in more&nbsp; than one wall in whatever room hes in,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he changes up constantly, thats probably&nbsp; a good tip, I dont know.. Fairly often hes even&nbsp;&nbsp; holding the camera, but when hes not you&nbsp; can catch him making adjustments on the&nbsp;&nbsp; fly - and that makes it clear the camera&nbsp; is two or three feet in front of him,&nbsp;&nbsp; hence probably a 24mm, almost always lit&nbsp; Rembrandt style, where hes using a large&nbsp;&nbsp; light source off to one side.. This has&nbsp; become a super common talking head lens&nbsp;&nbsp; for when your personality is whats driving the&nbsp; content, rather than information or the story. Casey Neistat, when hes in his&nbsp; studio is another wide angle,&nbsp;&nbsp; im guessing 24mm shooter. You can see MOST of&nbsp; his office, most of the time and hes always&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of fussing with his camera while talking -&nbsp; zooming in and out. He has the camera really low,&nbsp;&nbsp; so hes looking down at it. He’ll occasionally&nbsp; switch to a SUPER wide view, this is maybe 10mm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hes lit almost globally, from everywhere.&nbsp; He switches up his camera angle and focal&nbsp;&nbsp; length constantly so that a single shot never goes&nbsp; stale, but he stays really wide. When hes outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; hes using auto ISO - and you can tell because&nbsp; when he moves from the dark to the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; the camera automatically adjusts,&nbsp; but his motion blur stays the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the plane of focus doesnt change either. Those&nbsp; would be controlled by shutter speed and aperture. Becky and Chris, when theyre in their studio&nbsp; in front of one of their many temporary sets,&nbsp;&nbsp; often like a long lens. This is at&nbsp; least 100mm, and you can tell because,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you can see both of them, they&nbsp; definitely can not reach out and touch the&nbsp;&nbsp; camera and you only see maybe 8 feet wide of&nbsp; the wall behind them. This would mean their&nbsp;&nbsp; camera is positioned something like 20 feet away&nbsp; from them, and its focal plane is super narrow. Back to Casey for a second, and you&nbsp; can see all three walls of the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see like 40 linear feet of wall in&nbsp; the background of the shot.. When you have a&nbsp;&nbsp; longer lens like becky and chris are using, they&nbsp; only need to dress up this one little portion&nbsp;&nbsp; of a wall.. And thats actually what they do a&nbsp; lot, is build little sets to talk in front of.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the sets are just a wall on wheels that they&nbsp; can make look a certain way to match their theme. I shoot more closely to those two - I love&nbsp; the look of a long lens. This shot here is&nbsp;&nbsp; at 85mm. The camera is about 15 feet in front&nbsp; of me, and since its a narrow focal length,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though Im in a large space - Im in a&nbsp; warehouse, I only have to control for about 20&nbsp;&nbsp; feet of the wall behind me. There is 80 other&nbsp; feet of unsightly, disgusting warehouse wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; But I put a tool chest, some baskets full of&nbsp; lights and then some color on the roll up door&nbsp;&nbsp; back there and thats it. If I move the camera even&nbsp; closer so its a tight shot of just my head and&nbsp;&nbsp; shoulders, the background will practically&nbsp; disappear into just amorphous colors and&nbsp;&nbsp; shapes. But if I shoot this same set through&nbsp; a super wide angle, like casey niestat does,&nbsp;&nbsp; now you have access to all the crap in&nbsp; every direction. The room certainly looks&nbsp;&nbsp; larger - I also feel like this makes my face&nbsp; look too weird and round. To each their own. Casey, and Peter have an entire room that they’ve&nbsp; curated to look a certain way and you have access&nbsp;&nbsp; to that entire room.. I have an utter mess in&nbsp; every direction except whats directly behind me. In between the telephoto shots of Becky&nbsp; and Chris and the wide shots of Peter&nbsp;&nbsp; and Casey - newer Lizzie Pierce videos&nbsp; look like she’s using either a 35mm or&nbsp;&nbsp; a 50mm lens. Its still wide-ish - but youre&nbsp; only getting 10-12 feet of her back wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a really soft look to it.. I’m going&nbsp; to put this at 50mm f/1.4 - and it looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like she’s using a ring light, just above her&nbsp; and to her left, stage right. If you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; figure out what sort of a light someone is&nbsp; using, take a peek at their eyeballs. You&nbsp;&nbsp; get a super good reflection off someones eye&nbsp; of the light source or sources theyre using. Zooming in to peter - you can see a big&nbsp; soft box.. And actually on this shot,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im pretty sure thats a second but much dimmer&nbsp; soft box on the other side as a fill light. Looking at Casey - you cant see his eyes&nbsp; obviously because of his sunglasses,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you CAN see that hes just sitting in&nbsp; front of a window, which is why hes totally&nbsp;&nbsp; evenly lit. Not always the most flattering&nbsp; lighting, but at least theres a ton of light. Tony and Chelsea Northrup choose to light from&nbsp; both sides - and you can see the catch light -&nbsp;&nbsp; thats what the light in someones eye is called, is&nbsp; way smaller in her eyes than with Peter McKinnon,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even lizzy pierce who’s not using a soft box..&nbsp; And you can look into her eyes and see that she’s&nbsp;&nbsp; using two lights - I think tony and chelsea are&nbsp; either using a hard light, with no diffusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the lights are just pretty far away&nbsp; from their faces.. This causes harsher&nbsp;&nbsp; shadows and more reflections on your&nbsp; skin. Then again, they also shoot at&nbsp;&nbsp; 60fps and upload technical reviews in&nbsp; 1080p which has always made me feel weird. Matti Haapoja, looking like a big soft box,&nbsp; here he is at probably 20mm (lots of background&nbsp;&nbsp; wall space), and here he is at probably&nbsp; 50mm, (very little background showing).. Peter Lindgren is shooting at 24mm, and his&nbsp; light is up high above him, facing down - which&nbsp;&nbsp; causes his eyes to be in shadow some of&nbsp; the time. This shot catches a reflection&nbsp;&nbsp; of the soft box on his glasses and you&nbsp; can see the grid pattern on the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; Peter is using that to ensure the light&nbsp; only hits him, and falls off to the right&nbsp;&nbsp; of frame so that he can keep the rest of this room&nbsp; very dark for his moody LED lighting that he uses. I am also a fan of moody, dark lighting,&nbsp; and thats the way I have my other studio&nbsp;&nbsp; set up - a light with a pretty steep angle&nbsp; to one side, and a dark background. Except,&nbsp;&nbsp; again im at 85mm in this shot so that you only&nbsp; see a little bit of that room.. Because, sigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im a mess.. Here’s that room with a wide angle. Peter is definitely shooting at a VERY wide open&nbsp; aperture. f/1.4 or possibly even f1.2 - you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see the focus falls off even on his own shoulder,&nbsp; just a few inches further back than his face.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the background is just completely out of&nbsp; focus, even though hes on a wide angle lens. This is true for more than just a talking&nbsp; head youtube shots also, of course.. The&nbsp;&nbsp; same with photography - If youre setting up&nbsp; a portrait of someone and trying to design&nbsp;&nbsp; what the overall photo will look like. The&nbsp; difference is SO massive when choosing a lens. I was out at Epcot with my wife and I had my&nbsp; camera and a couple of lenses with me - first at&nbsp;&nbsp; 24, which is similar to the default lens on like&nbsp; an iPhone - and a ton of people take this exact&nbsp;&nbsp; picture, with “SpaceShip Earth” in the background&nbsp; all lit up.. And this photo does tell that story..&nbsp;&nbsp; You can see it back there - But this picture&nbsp; and THIS picture were taken with her standing&nbsp;&nbsp; in exactly the same spot.. I just put on a longer&nbsp; lens, and I backed way up so that she would be the&nbsp;&nbsp; same size in the shot - but a longer lens will&nbsp; PULL the background closer to you as you back&nbsp;&nbsp; up and zoom in. So Sarah is the same size in both&nbsp; shots, but this is 24mm and this is 200mm. Both&nbsp;&nbsp; telling the same story - but the telephoto version&nbsp; is much more dramatic and to me, interesting. Same principal in the studio - if you move the&nbsp; camera back while zooming in the lens, you get&nbsp;&nbsp; the same subject, but the background zooms in. Use&nbsp; this to shape the finished shot to your liking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RealAgentClinton [6 likes]: This video did more for me than YEARS of research for bokeh, lighting, camera bodys, lenses, and positioning!!!! I am SO glad I found your video. So much explanation. I’m on the 3rd watch of this video. BONUS…you also explained some of my favorite YouTubers too! Casey and Peter is legit! Thank you thank you thank you!!!! I’m going to share this video in two different Realtor Only groups with over 400,000 Realtors so expect an uptick in Subs and views on this video!! Thank you! ~Clinton Porter - ΓEA⅃ - Real Broker, Denver, Colorado
  2. @zatoichiable: In my experience its better to use for fat rounded face a wide angle and for skinny long face a telephoto...
  3. @RossFace: So 70-200gm2 is the only zoom  lens I should ever buy? Then just a 24mm gm 1.4 and maybe a 50mm  or 85mm
Or 16-35mm gm2…… dammit!!!
  4. @ChristofferLindquist: Super helpful, thank you from a beginner.
  5. @gbwalther3198: Ha, Ha, Ha. "Catch the Light!" Hey Nick, U should make a video of you "Fly Fishing this Summer. Let's see how well u can catch a few fish." Will it be better on a cloudy-no sun day? A rain pour day? Or an ultra-bright Sunny California Sunny day?  😎😎
  6. @umangatang: Best video
  7. @URRIBARRIJN: And this all explanation applies only to Full Frame lenses. Those who has APS-C skip this video
  8. @whatsupchicken: Useful info thank you! But I wish you talked calmer with no background music.
  9. @Fechu: Fantastic video
  10. @HamiltonRucker: Absolutely great video! Thank you.
  11. @AndyMiller_UK: It all depends on how your studio is layed out -- many put the camera close to their screens and these may be against a wall. Lots of folk have tiny spaces. Others (working pros) tend to want to show their studio in the background and also shoot with wide lenses. For fat old folk like me I push my camera back and use at least an 85mm more often my 135mm. But then I use a tight shot 'cause don't want to show much behind me.
  12. @riubens: Great video
  13. @romarsalis3350: I needed this video so much at 11:43 pm. It answered every question I had
  14. @TripleBlack331: I'm flipping back and forth between 54mm and a cheap 25mm fast lens and both work pretty great! I can't say how much I'm impressed with the cheap fast lens.
  15. @StitchlessDisneyDad: This was amazing, taught me so much, I knew a lot of the basics but this helped so much
  16. @Riders_Lounge: thank you 👊
  17. @rlifts: I was just about to say aren't you the guy with the macs on fire LOL.
  18. @DavisMuhwezi: I shot at 50mm, I have not figured out why but 25mm came with lots of noise
  19. @ZaporOshti: anamorphic lens of course
  20. @thebetchannel: What did you use to shoot this video??!!

- Tips For HOW TO FILM YOURSELF - Immediately Make Better Videos With Your Own Hands!: Kind: captions Language: en so it seems like you've got no friends available to help you shoot that great idea that you had but instead of calling the whole thing off you've decided to just do it yourself you're going to be the director you're going to be the talent you're going to be the producer and of course you're going to be the person who gets the coffee but filming yourself is a lot harder than you might think when you're wearing all of those hats keeping track of all the little details and ideas that may become second nature to you normally is a lot more difficult so in this video i'm gonna give you a handful of tips and things to think about to make your self-filming experience and the final result a whole lot better and just between me and you after i reviewed this list it turns out it's basically just good advice for anyone filming almost anything so stick around because there's probably something in here for you even if you do have friends available i have friends [Music] now the first couple of tips are a bit more conceptual but the later ones are going to show you what you can actually do with all this thinking that i'm gonna make you do sorry so let's kick things off with probably the most basic one know what you're shooting and i know that sounds like a dumb thing to say of course you should know what you're shooting but this is going to be even more vital when you're self-filming because your brain is going to be busy with all those extra roles that you're taking on this part of the process is going to look different for every project and for every person for me a lot of the time it's super simple like i want to show me showing up at a spot hiking up to the top of a mountain and taking in the beautiful view and that's really all i need to get me started on that kind of a project but for other projects or for other people who maybe their brain just works a little bit different that might mean scripts might mean shot lists or maybe even just a basic checklist of the important things that you want to make sure you shoot so whatever that is for you and for your project make sure you've got a solid foundation because it's going to inform all the other decisions that you make as a director dp talent everything the next tip is a two-parter it's to understand your limitations and then accept them limitations have the ability to stop us in our tracks or to excite our creativity and when you're shooting alone you're about as limited as you can be there's only one person to carry all the gear that you're gonna need it's really hard to get any kind of movement in your shots while you're in frame most of the time there's no one standing behind the camera to make sure that you stayed in focus or that the audio is working okay and then of course as they say our most valuable resource time filming by yourself takes a lot longer so those time limitations become very apparent very quickly every single time that you have to run back and forth to the camera you're ticking down that clock between losing the light or just getting so tired that you really can't keep going so be ready for that if you can and then the most important part of this tip is that you accept those limitations you don't let them get you down you let them spark your creativity all right stepping away from the conceptual stuff for a second the next tip is to bring the right gear for the job and combining what we've already learned knowing what you're shooting and understanding your limitations that should inform what we're going to bring with us personally for these little hikes that i like to film i'm trying to bring as little gear as possible to still get the job done if i had friends available to help me i could ask them to carry some of it we could bring some more stuff maybe some more kind of like just in case we need it kind of things but when it's just me i'm just trying to bring what i think i will absolutely need obviously i'm not bringing any lighting with me but that might be something that you want to consider depending on what kind of shoot you're doing as far as lenses go i generally start by trying to cover as wide a focal range as i possibly can so i'll bring like a 16 to 35 24 to 70 and 70 to 200 and again this is going to be different depending on what kind of location you're in what kind of shoot you're doing if i need specific lenses to get specific shots i'll make sure to bring them and on top of that this is of course limited by what you already have so use the gear that you own if you're filming outside in bright sunlight you're probably going to need nd filters maybe you want a polarizer depending on what you're shooting are you capturing audio do you need microphones lav wireless any of those kinds of things hey future dunny here i just realized that in this section i forgot to say some pretty basic stuff tripod memory cards batteries those are things that you're gonna want to make sure that you bring okay back to the other stuff about gear other things to consider are monitoring does your camera have an app you can connect to to monitor and set up your shots maybe start and stop recording is the flip screen going to be enough for you to be able to see or do you need to bring a monitor with you how important is camera movement to whatever you're shooting do you have a gimbal that you can set up on a tripod and pre-program movements into it or do you have a small motorized slider that maybe you can do the same thing with and then of course again are you willing to haul all of this stuff wherever it is that you're going if it's a chute that's in one location and you can kind of just bring it dump it all there use it as you need it then great if it's like these hikes you're not going to want to carry them the whole way so again i'm sounding like a broken record here but every shoot is a little bit different i'm not going to try and tell you exactly what you need to bring because you're going to have to figure that out on your own but knowing your gear and knowing what you're going to need is really key here one thing that i almost always bring with me because it's so small and light easy to pack away and it comes in handy for these really unique shots is the dji action 2 and dji is actually sponsoring this video the action 2 is by far my favorite action camera to date for its size weight quality stabilization and for its magnets it allows me to do things that would be really difficult to do with my other cameras for example the magnet lanyard lets me get super simple point of view shots to make you feel like you're seeing things as i would be seeing them i also like to use a bite mount because it's easy for me to move the camera with my head the size of it and excellent stabilization makes it great for mounting to the car with a suction cup the action 2 is also waterproof up to 10 meters without the waterproof case and up to 60 meters with the case and sometimes you just need to be able to sneak a camera in a tight situation and those big mirrorless and dslr cameras won't go in there the action 2 software and touch screen are intuitive and easy to use and again it just allows me to get shots that i might not be able to get otherwise but that is just really the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the action 2 just some things that make sense in the context of what we're talking about today there is so much more going on with this little camera so if you want more information there's a link down in the description you can check it out there huge thank you to dji for sponsoring this video okay so we've got all the gear that we're gonna need the next tip is to make sure that you're getting balanced coverage and what i mean by that is that especially when you're filming by yourself it's super easy to get caught up getting the same types of shots over and over and over again you're already running back and forth to the camera a million times there's going to be an inherent pull to get lazy and just shoot the same types of shots do not succumb to that feeling basically you just want to get a nice balance of wide shots mediums and close-ups and you want to make sure that you're balancing out shots of the main subject or yourself and the surroundings or kind of b-roll whatever you need to kind of show what's going on around the subject so in my specific type of example maybe there's a wide shot of me pulling up to the scene then there's a medium shot of me walking by the camera to the back of my car a detailed shot of me grabbing my camera bag and then maybe we see where we are by me showing a sign or something like that so you know hey we're at mount work and we're gonna go for a hike just enough variety of shots so it doesn't feel boring the other thing that you can do in a similar vein is to get multiple shots of the same action so if i'm stopping to take in a view maybe a wide shot of me walking up to it and then as i hit that view a medium or close up of me stopping to take a breath and look around and then follow that directly up by the kind of point of view shot so you can see what it is that i'm looking at all strung together nicely this is gonna feel like it's all of these things happening at the same moment in time it's actually only one thing even though you had to move the camera a bunch to make it happen the next tip absolutely changed the game for me when i started using it and that is to use manual focus i don't care how incredible you think your camera's auto focus is if you're not at the camera able to control it and tell it what to focus on there's always a chance that it's going to choose something you don't want it to focus on and on top of that i actually find it quite visually pleasing when the focus stays in one spot and the subject moves in and out of that focus or sometimes it's cool to just focus on something interesting in the foreground and just walk through the background so you can see that there's motion happening there you know the subject is moving but you're actually getting more information out of the scene from what's in the foreground to use manual focus i'll generally pick a point in my shot where i think it'll be most important to have me in focus either at the point where i'm walking through or at the point where i want to land i'll choose something that's approximately where i'll be standing at that point and focus on that if there's nothing at that distance from the camera that i can use i'll go put my backpack where i'm going to be standing and use that focus on the backpack and then i know when i hit that mark i'm going to be in focus and so then as i walk through the scene as i hit that point i'll come into focus and as i move past it i'm going to be boked the only real exceptions to this are anytime that i know my face is going to be clearly in the scene for the whole time because then i can use my face detect autofocus or if i'm talking to the camera like this again because my face is in the whole time and i trust my auto focus system to find me and stay with me all of this in focus out of focus hocus pocus brings me to my next tip which is to use your damn aperture i know it can be super tempting to shoot everything wide open all the time but stopping down your aperture can actually make your shots better for a couple of reasons first of all like we talked about before nailing focus when you're on this side of the camera is already hard enough as it is but you know what makes it easier if more of the frame is already in focus so slightly increasing depth of field by pushing your aperture up to something like f4 or f 5.6 might save you a lot of headache for missed focus shots by just putting a little bit more of the frame in focus and also if you're trying to show off a beautiful scene and there are lots of things to look at in it why not put a little bit more of it in focus for the audience to actually see if you're shooting on a super wide focal length like 16 millimeters this might not be necessary f 2.8 at 16 millimeters puts most of your scene in focus already but it's just something that you actually want to be considering don't just default to the widest aperture possible all right so we're living on the edge here we're using manual focus we're actually using our aperture to our advantage one thing that we're going to want to make sure we're doing in the next tip is to review your shot every single time if you can normally if you're behind the camera you might be able to get away with moving on from a shot right after you're done because you were there you watched it go by the whole time you pretty much have an idea whether it worked or not but when you're filming yourself do not move that camera until you have checked the shot to make sure that it worked make sure that you don't need to change settings or change focus or anything like that and shoot it again this is one of those things that adds a lot of extra time to filming by yourself but it's going to actually save you a ton of headache and time in the editing process because trying to fix something or patch it up or try and live without it if it's something important in your story it's such a pain that being said there are certain things that you can get away with doing in post and that's where our next tip comes in fake camera movement sometimes a series of locked off tripod shots is just fine but it can get a little bit boring so what you can try and do is in post keyframe small movement so it gives the illusion of camera movement for example one of my favorites is to slightly zoom in as i'm walking away from the camera and slightly zoom out as i'm walking towards the camera it almost gives the illusion that the camera is moving with me and of course you can do the same thing for left to right movement or right to left movement but i don't do those nearly as much and remember that if you're gonna do those types of things you're gonna need to zoom in first to give yourself room to move so hopefully you planned ahead and shot those specific shots extra wide to give yourself that extra space the other thing that you can do in post is fake camera shake to give it the illusion of being handheld davinci resolve has a plug-in that makes this super easy but there are ways to do it in all the other programs as well if you do a quick youtube search there's lots of tutorials out there to teach you that fake camera movement can give a more professional feel and it definitely starts to hide the fact that you were alone when you shot the thing and the final tip of this video is the one that i probably struggle with personally the most and it's to remember to be creative with your shots like i said earlier when you're wearing all of these different hats when you've got all of these different roles it can be super tempting to take the easy route and not get too experimental and creative with what you're doing and while you should definitely be considering what the project needs first it doesn't mean that you can get lazy just because you're filming by yourself remember the audience doesn't necessarily know they're not judging you based on the fact that you did film the whole thing by yourself they're just judging whether they liked it or not so that means that you need to go the extra mile to make sure they can't tell the difference between your film that you shot all by yourself and somebody else's where they had a proper crew and everybody to do their individual jobs so those are my tips but as always i want to hear from you do you have any extra tips that you would give to someone who is trying to film themselves make sure to leave a comment down below and on your way down there hit that like and subscribe button hit the bell notification so you don't miss out on future videos huge thank you to dji for sponsoring this video make sure to go check out the link in the description to check out the action 2. thank you so much for watching and i'll see you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnduroStanis [1 likes]: Very helpful advises. Thank you!
  2. @dbdhudejjska: Best video on YouTube
  3. @reidnorthrup2688: What a fantastic video. So much excellent information. Really helped me learn a lot. I’m 70 now and have been doing landscape photography in western NC. But I’m thinking about expanding into doing YouTube videos for a little change and get my brain learning completely new things and techniques. You really helped with that. I’m keeping it simple using my iPhone 17 Pro Max coupled with an Insta360 Flow 2 Pro gimbal, which is awesome. It can do many of the things you mentioned very easily. But I’m still in the early learning stage. I can definitely understand when you say it takes time. Boy, have I found that out. But I’m curious, how did you get the shot around 3:45 where the camera is shooting you from behind and keeping a static distance from you?  I’ll subscribe and watch your other videos. Thanks. Great stuff.
  4. @CuriousMindAI25: it's been 3 years, please make a new updates version of this with bit more to know about. and really informative video thank you very much.
  5. @Jeymorley: Thanks a lot, it was like a masterclass in preparation
  6. @funnyvirals5337: The extra tip i would like to give is subscribe to him 
He's really a good guy with a very charismatic personality.
  7. @javigorguis: DJI osmo is so fun for filming yourself!
  8. @AntonioMBrown: Wow thank you man Manual Focus is a game changer!
  9. @mountain_bumblebee: thank you for video
  10. @ManishAhirwar-h1c: 😢😢😮😮😮
  11. @naturestone3148: Most important Advice is you are filming yourself in the deep Forrest: Don`t get eaten by the Bear.
  12. @davidwillis5016: Thanks
  13. @ElevationSolo: Love this!! Think sequence, not so much shots. Paint a pic for the audience. Ready to start applying my viewing of videos. Very excited!
  14. @FilmingWithJoy: Great advice. Honestly the only thing I recommend is adding a loud click noise (like the slate we use in film) so you can see it on the audio in editing. It makes a huge difference 
 
Joyful filming ❤
  15. @Otherarebetter: Thank you so much for the inspiration, you gave me good tips ! Sometimes I try to make things too complicated to get the best shot, but sometimes the best shots are the natural and instinctive ones. Thanks again!
  16. @ianlaughlin85: You could see it on his face... He absolutely does not use that tiny camera in the ad. Lol
  17. @Expedition_Botswana: I love this content, Thanks, Filming Yourself is the most remarkable thing by the way, you get to determine your own pace and think freely and independently with no pressure
  18. @jamiraunddylan: The thing I have yet to understand for myself is the fact that filming a sign, a plant or a rock, is part of and not a boring object that viewers might interpret. When filming, perspective is different from what we see. It is true that different angles, zooms and short movements of what you are doing really make a big difference. I record everything by phone 😊
  19. @blue-collarcrypto2411: Wait a minute. I’m a minute in,  it looks like you’re near the Olympic coast. Love that place
  20. @thriveatretirement: Oh we need a friend ??? 😂  always just been alone with iPhone.

- The Ultimate Guide to Filming Yourself for Travel Vlogs: Kind: captions Language: en If you're going to be traveling this summer, let this be your sign to vlog your trip. I know you've been thinking about it. This time you're actually going to do it. I've been vlogging my travels for years now, and I'm so grateful to my past self for capturing all of those moments on camera. You don't have to be a pro videographer and you don't need a ton of fancy gear. With just your phone, a few accessories, and my helpful tips. And yes, I promise they're going to be helpful. You'll be ready to make beautiful travel vlogs that you'll love looking back on for years to come because whether or not your travel vlogs get a ton of views on YouTube, they're so worth creating because you'll want to watch them and your family will want to watch them. And trust me, years from now, you'll be grateful that you picked up the camera and captured that trip. Personally, I've been making my travel vlogs just as a hobby and I love it. It's a fun way to be creative and document these cool moments. So today I'm going to share some essential tips for filming yourself while you're traveling, even if you're by yourself and even if you feel awkward filming in public. And thanks to Insta360 for sponsoring today's video. I know some people really worry that filming their travels is going to take away from the travel experience, but I personally find it's the opposite. When you really want to document something well, you have to take the time to notice what's interesting about it. Not only visually what stands out to you, but what are your other senses picking up on? The sights, sounds, smells, feelings of the place all leave their own impression. And the process of considering how to represent that in your videos, I think in itself is a way of appreciating a place. Making great travel videos is about becoming great at noticing. It's the art of paying attention. What we don't want to be is the tourist that walks around with a camera in our face all day, snapping away without any consideration of what we're looking at. Instead, we want the process of documenting a place to contribute to our appreciation of it. That means that we don't just capture everything. We think about it critically and creatively. Tip number one, pay attention before you document. When you enter a new space, when you're traveling, start by just noticing. Simply paying attention to your surroundings. I really believe this can be like a mindfulness practice and it helps to take in your travels in a more deep way. Instead of rushing to just pick up your camera, slow down, look around and pay attention. Then you can gather clips of what's left and impression on you. To get a nice variety of shots, you're going to want to vary the focal length a bit. If you're filming with your iPhone, all this means is switching between the 0.5 times lens, the one times lens, the two times lens, etc. Get more cool clips if you don't just film everything on one times all the time. You can start by getting a wide shot to establish where we are for the scene. You want to use either the 0.5 or the one times lens, depending on where you are and how big the space is. Then you can switch over to the two times lens and get a few close ups with a bit more depth of field to really highlight those little details that you've noticed. And finally, you might even get some ultra close ups or just regular close ups of stuff that's kind of far away using the five times lens. Variety is so important for building sequences that are going to be interesting to watch. And also just more immersive. Like when you capture things in this level of detail, it helps you to remember the experience more. Not only because you've captured it quite thoroughly, but also because you had to put in the time to think about how you wanted to capture it. And it's that act of intention and mindfulness that I think actually really brings a lot to your trip. Like it adds a lot of value. Okay, finally, you're going to want to get a few clips of you experiencing the environment. This is what's going to take your vlogs from like generic family slideshow vibes to a really interesting and dynamic travel video. As the viewer, we want to see you. We want to see your reactions and what your experience was like. So make sure to turn the camera around and capture yourself as well. So maybe you're doing something like walking by the camera or even capturing your reaction as you look up at something beautiful, or maybe it's taking a bite of something delicious and showing us your reaction to the food. Okay, but how do you actually film clips like this, especially if you're traveling by yourself? Basically, there are three main options. Number one is a vlog style shot. It's basically just you holding the camera at arm's length and filming yourself. Option two, use a tripod. When you're in a setting that allows for it and you feel comfortable leaving your camera while you walk away, you can set up your phone on like a mini tripod or even just like set it on like a ledge or a window sill somewhere. Whatever surface presents itself, that can become your tripod and that's a way to get a quick shot of yourself. And your third option is to film yourself using a gimbal, which brings me to my second tip that I want to share with you, which is to film yourself with some movement to make your videos more dynamic. And if you want to get some movement in your shots, you could use a gimbal like this. This is Insta360's new Flow 2 and it's designed to be beginner friendly, but get you pro level results. It's basically the budget friendly version of my favorite gimbal from Insta360, the Flow 2 Pro, with a lot of the same features, but at a lower price point. First of all, it's so easy to set up with one step deployment. Basically what that means is you can just flip around the gimbal arm here and it'll automatically turn on. Then all you have to do is magnet your phone to the mount and it'll automatically start stabilizing it. Now that I'm set up, tracking myself just takes a couple of taps. I can tap on the gesture control icon here and make sure that it's turned on for all three of these options. So I can flip the camera around like this and have it on my point five lens and all I have to do is hold up my hand and it'll start tracking and recording me so I can film with the back cameras and know that I'm always in frame. This makes it really easy to get the framing right, even when I'm filming with the back camera and it's always beautifully stabilized. But when I want to get some different angles of myself, I can extend the built in tripod and then set the gimbal down somewhere. OK, so for this shot, I'm going to use this gesture like the L because I got multiple people in the shot. And with the Flow 2's new AI tracking capabilities, I can make sure that my framing stays looking great, even with multiple people in my shot. You can see the comparison here. If I'm only tracking myself, how my friends are getting cut out because it's only tracking me, like just me as an individual person. That's why the group tracking function is so cool because it'll automatically balance the composition and keep your whole group in the frame. Another cool tracking feature I love is the pro framing grid. If you're used to using other gimbals, you might have noticed that it always wants to keep you in the exact center of the frame. However, sometimes you might want to compose the shot a bit differently. With the pro framing grid, you can select a certain area of the frame to keep your subject in, which allows you to get more cinematic looking shots. Speaking of tracking, a feature that I loved about the Flow 2 Pro is that you can track yourself just using the camera app on your phone. Now with the Flow 2, even though it's the budget friendly option, you can do the same thing with the AI tracking bundle. Basically, you just add on this little tracker that comes with a built in light to your Flow 2. And now you can seamlessly track yourself in any app on any kind of phone. Which means you can basically get the same functionality of the Flow 2 Pro, but for $129 rather than $229. And the best part is when you're done getting the shot, the Flow 2 is so small and compact, I can easily fold it back down and put it in my small sling bag, which is perfect for bringing around with you on your travels. The Flow 2 is Insta360's newest gimbal designed to be beginner friendly and perfect for travel. Grab yours now at the link in my description and thanks again to Insta360 for sponsoring today's video. Okay, now my third tip for you is to remember to talk to the camera. I feel like a lot of beginner travel vloggers forget to turn the camera around and actually speak to it. And I get it. It feels very awkward and unnatural. It feels a lot more normal to just film what you're seeing rather than film yourself, but it's so important to do. Trust me that the moments where you're actually talking and sharing your experience, especially if you're capturing funny moments between you and your friends, your partner, those are going to be your favorite moments in any of your travel vlogs that you make. So you've got to just go for it. I know it feels awkward, but that's the amazing thing about travel vlogs specifically is when you're filming, you can look around and be like, I'm never going to see these people again. So just go for it. Be a weirdo and film yourself. My general guideline is try to get at least one talking clip or a roll clip for every different scene that you capture. And what should you talk about in these clips, you might ask. Well, my biggest tip for you is just don't give a play by play. You're capturing everything that you're seeing. So you don't need to tell us what you're seeing because you're showing us. Okay, like you're entering some old cathedral in Europe. We can tell that don't tell us in your arrow clip. Okay, and then we walked into the church instead. Why don't you tell us what that cathedral is called? How old it is? What's its significance to the place that you're visiting? Or you could tell us about your first impressions. How does it make you feel to be there in general? Focus on your first impressions and how you're feeling rather than just giving a play by play of what you're doing. And it's going to feel more interesting to watch. And remember you can always record voiceover later on to provide more context, especially if you want to share like the information or details about a place. It can be helpful to do a little bit of research after the fact and make sure you have all of your, you know, dates straight before you report them to the camera. But in general record lots of A-roll. You can cut some of it out later. You can add more voiceover as well. Just tell us how you're feeling because that's the interesting part. It's always fun to see someone's first impressions of a new place. Also hot tip for better audio. Use an external microphone like a wireless lab. With the release of the Flow 2 I was talking about before, Insta360 has also come out with the mic air, which is so tiny. This is an audio test of Insta360's mic air. You can see how while I'm filming out in public, even if I'm really far from my camera, I can still get really clean and crisp audio. I can easily like magnet it to my shirt. That's what it would sound like from down here. You can see it makes a huge difference rather than relying on the audio just from my phone. It comes with a super low profile receiver that allows you to still plug in other accessories because of the extra USB-C port here. And the mic itself is really tiny and discreet. So you can just magnet it to your shirt and you're good to go. Whether or not you use a mic though, I just really believe that including those talking to camera pieces makes a huge difference in making your travel vlog more memorable, more fun to watch, and just a lot more personal, right? Because anybody can, you know, capture some footage panning across like the old town in Prague. But what makes me want to watch your video is seeing how you experience it and how you felt about it. So make sure to include that. My last travel vlog pointer for you is to take your time and be respectful. Getting all the beautiful shots that you want will take time. So you need to have patience. And this is especially true if you're dedicated to being respectful of the other people around you. Please don't be annoying to other tourists. Let people pass by. Don't expect them to stop where they are so that you can get a perfect shot with no people in the background, especially when you're filming videos like that takes longer than just taking a photo. So you kind of just have to accept it's not going to be perfect. Don't expect everybody else to alter their days, you know, on behalf of your vlog. It's so easy when we're traveling to kind of like dehumanize other tourists in our mind. But the truth is they also dreamed of visiting this location. They saved up for a long time to be here just like you. So don't be the annoying person that like ruins the experience for everybody. It's easy to get caught up in main character syndrome. But look, we're all just here trying to appreciate the same beautiful and historic place. And of course on top of that, make sure you're being respectful to locals. Remember not to film people's faces without permission and don't treat a place as if it's a museum or a theme park. Remember, people actually live there. I don't pull any kind of weird influencer stuff abroad that I wouldn't do in my own city. Though, admittedly, I do some weird influencer stuff. I'm like constantly in the local park embarrassing myself, but I don't think I'm bothering anyone. And that's the standard that I try to keep when I'm traveling places as well. I'll just be honest, it takes a lot of practice to get comfortable with all of this, but I really do think it's worth practicing. You're going to be so grateful to your past self for documenting so many cool memories. And the truth is if you do want to grow a travel vlog channel on YouTube, these are really the foundations that you need to put in place before you start layering on top all of the strategy that can help, you know, turn your channel into a business one day. Start with these 101 building blocks. Get comfortable with filming yourself, crafting a story out of your experiences. And once you've got that down, you can start considering how titles and thumbnails and content strategy can fit into the picture. Also, by the way, if editing all of these videos is something that kind of holds you back from documenting your adventures, I do have a team of YouTube editors that is here to help. If you want it, my agency, Creatorly Media provides video editing services for YouTubers. So if you're curious about that, you can check it out at creatorlymedia.com. We'd love to edit for you. If you want some more tips and specifically some different B-roll shot ideas that you could include in your next vlog, check out this video next. And as always, thank you so much for watching. I hope you're having adventures and following your dreams, and I'll catch you in the next video. Bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidHenryGillesBarette: Very inspiring stuff. Keep up the good work.
  2. @LINGEMANMcallister: Learned something new today
  3. @mcnoodle1010: See I think that using my real canon for pictures means I have to slow down and use it thoughtfully instead of a phone
  4. @elizabethohare470: Hi can i ask an advice, i'm not one for taking pictures or video but next year im going to thailand would like to capture amaing photos/ video, i am deaf and it good to see it got a stand so i can speak and sign. what do you use the flow 2 pro or flow 2. Also i would like to ask in your video that you went underwater, how? becuase phone is not waterproof, any info would be great helpful. Many Thanks
  5. @user-fh8fn7oy8g: Great video! I’m literally here at my airport work which gives me flight benefits and kicking myself for not recording any of my previous videos and putting it all together. Is there another video of yours that gives a step-by-step with how and when you work on stitching this altogether? My biggest issue is that the whole process seems a bit overwhelming when it comes to editing, etc. Any additional information would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
  6. @marvrogers9540: 08:21 how do you film the follow shot on your own?
  7. @MistyTally: I've never seen you before, but I am going on my first big trip in a few months.  i usually don't go for ads that youtubers do, but I actually went and bought the Insta 360 Flow 2 right now.  I'm excited to document my trip. Thanks!
  8. @PlantPowerMoves: Do you recommend the insta 360 over the DJI mic specifically for vlogs or were you just testing a new product?
  9. @alexuqt: Do you post ur travel vlogs?
  10. @thenoveltourist: This was so helpful! Your videos are so seamless it feels like you filmed it all at once so it was great to learn your tricks! (And great scenery!)
  11. @Patodiary: We’ve been vlogging for 2 years and still don’t have a community but we still love the fact we can Watch The vlogs and Remember our friendship trips 😭
  12. @viralstorybyjames: Thanks
  13. @ShowoffWanders: Great video
  14. @BeshoyKamal-bj2sq: thank you for a great tips
  15. @mareebrew: Wanting the process of documenting a place to contribute to our appreciation of it … Love this 😍
  16. @betterexplorer: I have learn something today thanks
  17. @livinginvictoriaBC.: Love -- your videos, they are so helpful and full of great tips
  18. @cybertekgamer67: Awesome video, I got the 360 Ultra and the 360 Pro 2 for my phone
  19. @cybertekgamer67: Awesome video.  I plan on taking a cruise to Europe next year and will be there for 3 months and I want to record my experience.  I am looking to get some gear to record
  20. @mareebrew: Thank you Katie, this is such great advice. “We want the process of documenting a place to contribute to our appreciation of it” is exactly how I feel and you have summed up the why and the how-to in 12:52 😍

- 26 Filmmaking Tips to Make Outdoor Videos as a Solo Creator!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this video, I'm gonna go through 26 different tips on how you can make better outdoor and adventure videos. (upbeat music) So whether you're just trying to capture your snowboard trip, or you wanna make a full on adventure film, these 26 tips are gonna help you craft better videos. Now, if we haven't met before, my name is Jeven Dovey and on this channel, I teach you how to make better videos, but I also have a second channel that's all dedicated to making adventure films and I do a mix of over land style content in my Jeep, or I'll go mountain biking or go climb some of the biggest peaks like Cotopaxi down in Ecuador. And from these trips, I've come up with a bunch of different techniques and I've figured out the perfect gear to use to capture the moment. So this video's broken down into two sections. First, we're gonna go over gear and then the second half of this video is all gonna be around ways that you can use this gear and some things that you should think about when you're out capturing your footage. Now, this video is sponsored by Goal Zero, and I'll include a link down below the description to where you can check out their batteries, which are perfect when you're out adventuring and capturing these stories, but we'll talk more about Goal Zero later. I don't wanna waste any more of your time so let's just get right into how you can make better adventure videos. Number one is camera choice and I don't want you to get hung up on specific cameras or specific brands because nowadays, pretty much any camera that's coming out is a good camera. Like everything can capture good looking video and everything will help you be able to tell your story. But which camera should you decide because there are just so many options available. Well, I think it comes down to a few different things. You need to think through what's most important to you and what do you need in a camera to capture the kind of videos that you're creating? So a few things to look at is one, resolution. What resolution do you need? I like to distribute all my videos in 4K here on YouTube. Now I also need slow motion, I like to shoot in 120 frames per second so I chose a camera that shoots in 4K, 120 frames per second. Now you might not need that, you might only need 60 frames per second. And another thing that you want to think about is stabilization. So whatever camera that you're using, you want to think through how are you gonna stabilize the footage? So if you're just handholding the camera all the time, well you're gonna want a camera that has better stabilization internal, because we're shooting outdoor adventure style videos, we're always gonna be on the move, things are gonna be shaky. So something like a GoPro or a 360 camera might be a good option so you always stable. Whereas if you're someone who's gonna be using a gimbal or a tripod like I'm using, you can get away with cameras that aren't as good at stabilization. I use the Sony A7S III and the reason I use it is resolution, slow motion, low light, that's a huge thing for me. We're shooting outdoors. There's a lot of times where I'm shooting with the stars above me and so I need the ability to shoot in these lower light situations and this camera does have stabilization. Now it's not as good as some other cameras on the market, but it's still good enough to handhold the camera and get some good looking shots. I also bring gimbals with me on some trips. And so for me, it's a good balance of all the things that I need in a camera, but I know there's plenty of other good options out there. You might find a Canon is a better camera to use or a Panasonic or a Nikon or a Fuji. So before you dive into which camera you're going to buy, think through what are the most important features that you care about and then you can start finding the cameras that fit those and just do some research. There's so much information here on YouTube, and you just have to figure out which camera works best for you for the kind of videos that you are creating. (calming music) Now, number two is a tripod. So I'm using the Peak Design carbon fiber tripod. I've been using it for a long time and it just works super well because I can put it on the side of my backpack and it doesn't add a ton of extra weight. Now, a tripod is good because you can put your camera down and you can walk away from it. You can go at a distance and you have a good shot. I've seen a lot of adventure films here on YouTube, where they'll just prop the camera up, like on a rock down there on the ground because they didn't bring a tripod with them. And it's hard to get good shots when you're always trying to use the environment to prop up your camera. With a tripod, I could put the camera at eye level and talk directly to camera, but also I could like put the tripod in different spots and get cool shots of me like wandering through this environment or when I'm in my Jeep, well I'll often put the tripod out on the trail really far away to grab these long shots and not always have to rely on something like a drone to be able to get shots of us moving through a landscape. There are so many uses for a good solid tripod and so I suggest it's something that you definitely invest in. There's a lot of cheap tripods on the market and there's also a lot of like small tripods, which might seem like a great idea for adventure style content, but you want something that can at least get the height of you. You want it to be able to raise up to five, six feet, because if you have a tripod that's low on the ground, well you're always gonna get low shots. Sometimes you want the camera up high looking down, and it also just gives you a ton of flexibility to create different shots when you're out filming. I highly suggest bring in a tripod if you can. On some of my mountain climbs, I don't bring a tripod with me and I just bring something smaller and it's something that I always wish I had. So depending on what kind of content you're creating, you have to play this balance of weight versus like what's most important. And I've found that yeah, tripod has become one of those most essential things and I use it all the time when I'm out filming. Number three has to do with battery because having enough battery for your adventures is super essential, especially with all the camera gear that we're gonna be talking about. So one thing that you wanna do is bring enough batteries, but you don't always just want to carry a ton of extra batteries. And that's where our sponsor of today's video comes in and Goal Zero. So Goal Zero makes a bunch of different styles of backup batteries that can help you when you're out creating your adventure films. So I use the 1500X in my Jeep. Basically this battery has the capacity to run my fridge, charge all of my cameras, charge all of my drones, charge basically anything that I bring with me and it gives me a peace of mind that I'm never gonna run out of power when I'm on the road. And on this battery, you have two AC ports. You have two USBC, two USBA, a 12 volt, and you have multiple inputs. So you could charge this three different ways. I have a solar panel on top of my Jeep. I have an AC power on the inside of my Jeep, and you can also get an additional hookup and this battery can hook directly into your car and be a true dual battery system. So when I stop moving and I'm camping, this becomes the power for everything. And it becomes the way that I am able to run my laptop, charge all my batteries and basically have power at any point when I'm out on an adventure. One of the cool things about this battery in particular is that on the screen, you could see exactly how much battery life you have left tells you how many hours until you're empty. So currently as I'm charging some different drone batteries in a controller, I have 43 hours until empty so I have plenty of battery to last me a long time. And also they have an app that you can use so that when I'm driving, I can see exactly everything that's going on with my battery even though my battery is mounted in the back of my truck here. Now the 1500X can also be hooked up into your home and be a backup battery solution. If your power goes out for any reason, it's super helpful to have a backup battery to run the essential things in your house. And when I'm not near my Jeep, I carry the Goal Zero Flip 24, which is a small little battery pack, but it allows me to charge my phone a couple times. So I know wherever I'm at, I always have a backup power source. So I'll include a link to where you can find out more information about the 1500X or any of the other Goal Zero batteries that they offer. This has become an essential part of my kit when I'm out with my Jeep, so that I know that I have power anywhere that I go. Number four, let's talk about wide lenses because I think one of the essential tools that you need to bring with you these kind of videos is a wide lens. Now, if you're someone who's gonna be using a GoPro, a 360 camera, you're already gonna be having a wide lens because that's what's built into those cameras and what's makes them super easy to use for filming outdoor style content. But if you are someone who's using a mirrorless, a DSLR, well you'll want to get a wide lens. That could be something like the 20 millimeter 1.8 on the Sony, which is what I'm using right now. Could be something like a 24 to 105 if you want to use a zoom lens. Could be a 16 to 35. There's a lot of options, but you definitely want a lens that's somewhere in the range of 20 to 24 millimeters. You don't want to have anything more punched in because you want to have that ability to capture wider field of view. If you're gonna be talking to camera, if you're gonna be doing vlog style content, you need something wider. I'm just hand holding this camera right now and I'm using the 20 millimeter and I can get a good shot of myself super easy, I don't have to bring a bunch of extra gear, but if I was using something like the 35, well it's much more cropped in, and it's a lot harder to get this shot. Also, when you're out here, you're gonna wanna be doing landscape photography because you're gonna be getting some awesome views and you're gonna want some wide lenses for that as well. So I think an essential tool for crafting this videos is having a wide lens as part of your arsenal. Now, number five. Wow, this rock is really uncomfortable. Number five is additional lenses. So right now I'm shooting on my 55 1.8, and it gives you a different perspective than the 20 millimeter I was just working on. Now, I like to bring a few lenses with me I'll bring a zoomed in lens, whether that's some additional primes if I wanna shoot with my primes, or I might bring something like my 70 to 200. It gives you a completely different perspective than your super wide lens and I like having a range because when you can switch it up and move between long focal length and wide lenses, it's gonna make your footage more dynamic when you cut it together. When I'm out doing my over land films, one of the things I love doing is putting a long lens on my camera and shooting the trucks at a distance because you get such a than always using a wide lens. Now you could use zoom lenses, which I think is a great option. You could have the 24 to 105, like I was saying earlier, and the 70 to 200 and the 16 to 35 and you basically have the trifecta of lenses that gives you every range that you could want, but you might not wanna always carry all of that glass. It ends up becoming super heavy. And like I was saying earlier, you really have to play this balance of what gear you're bringing versus making your pack lighter and also the other gear that you have to bring. You can't always bring everything and also sometimes if you do bring too much gear, you're not gonna know what to use and you end up not using half of it. So I like to make specific choices before I go out and I'll choose what set of gear I'm gonna use for that trip and I try to use all the gear in different ways. So when it comes to my lens setup, a lot of times what I bring out is 20 millimeter, good for vlogging, good for capturing those wide shots, a 35 which I love using on my gimbal. It's a wide, but it's still a little bit punched in, but it's not super long, and then the 55 or the 85. Now the other lens I like to bring out instead of those lenses would be the 70 to 200. So I'd bring out like my 20, 35 and then 70 to 200. So I'm always playing this balance of not trying to bring out too much gear, but having enough to be able to capture a range of different styles of shots when I'm out filming. But you also don't have to bring out tons of gear, you could run with just one lens. And a lot of times when I'm doing like a climbing film, I'll have a camera with one lens because I don't want to change lenses on the mountain and I also need to cut back on gear. Now, a lot of times when I'm only bringing one lens, I wish that I brought a few extra, but sometimes you just have to play that battle of well, is it important to have more lenses or is important to cut some weight? So how do I get down? Number six is for those of you that want to do this kind of content where you're talking directly to camera, and that is a way to hold your camera, have it a little bit away from your face. Now you can definitely just hand hold the camera and that's what I've done on some of these tips already, but you also can bring something specifically for the camera, like a switch pod. I've used a switch pod on a lot of my videos because it just makes it super easy and it's lightweight and it doesn't add a lot of extra to your pack. Like you just slip it in the side. Right now, because I only have my tripod with me, I'm using my Peak Design carbon fiber tripod as like a tool to hold the camera away from me, get a little bit wider shot and make it a little bit more stable than if I was hand holding it. Because this is a carbon fiber tripod, I can use it in this way, but you could also just get like a small tabletop tripod. I was talking about earlier, you don't necessarily want a tabletop tripod for everything, but for vlogging style content, you can get a little plastic one that's an easy grip for you to hold and then it makes this whole process so much easier. If you're going to be doing a lot of talking to camera, well having some sort of way to hold the camera so that it's up away from your arm will make it so that it's easier to capture this and your arm won't get as fatigued when you're filming this kind of content. It is something you need to think about because if you're always holding your arm up like this, yeah, it does start hurting after a while. Having a tripod or like a switch pod or something like that, it makes the process a little bit easier and they don't add a ton of extra weight. So number seven is filters. You're gonna want to get a set of filters to do some different things So I personally use ND filters for most of what I shoot, because I wanna be able to get the background outta focus. And you do that by opening your aperture wide open. But when you open your aperture wide open, well you let a ton of light into your sensor and you're gonna need some way to close that down. Now personally, I like to shoot all of my footage in the cinematic way of shooting at double that in my frame rate, so that I have proper motion blur, because the only way to really fix the overexposure is by cranking your shutter speed or using an ND filter. And so an ND filter basically is sunglasses on your camera and I'm using an ND filter right now. It's a variability ND filter so I can use a range of ND, which is neutral density, and I can, depending on the situation, depending on what lens, I can change the strength of this filter. Now I have a filter case of different filters that I bring with me in this handy-dandy pouch. I have my neutral density, I have what's called a CineBloom and it creates chelation around bright objects. So if you have headlights or head of a headlamp, something like that, it will create kind of a cool little mist around it. And then I also bring a polarizer with me and the polarizer's to help cut down on reflections. So if I'm shooting something like water or snow, well you can get rid of a lot of those reflections by using a polarizer. Those are essentially the three filters that I bring with me everywhere I go. I have this case from Shimoda. It keeps them all nice and safe. I even ran this over with my Jeep on the Pony Express, an adventure I did a couple years ago, and all my filters survived, which I was surprised because just a soft case. But if I'm trying to get more cinematic looking footage and have more control over my image, I always bring my filters with me when I'm out on the trail. Number eight is audio. Audio is super important because if you want to capture you talking, explaining what's going on, you want to capture the people that you're with, sounds of the environment, well you're gonna need some way to capture that so you need a good microphone. Now there's two different ways that I use audio. I use what's called a shotgun mic that goes right on top of my camera and this is great for those situations where I'm close to camera, I'm talking directly to camera and I could just need audio right here. This is also great to capture environmental sounds, cause it's going to capture anything in front of camera so you can point it at whatever you're looking at and capture those sounds. So if you're at the ocean and you want to get some ocean wave sounds, well just point your shotgun mic at it and capture those sounds and you can use that in your edit. Now the other microphone that I use is the one that you see right here. I've been using it this whole time. It's a wireless lavalier mic and I use the DJI mic, which is two transmitters and a receiver and it comes with a super handy charging case. So each one of these devices has about five hours of battery life, but you could charge it at two additional times using this case. So I could be out filming for a couple days and I don't need to ever charge this case because I can continually charge my gear and I always have good audio and it's wireless. I mean, you've seen how I've been using it in this video. I could walk way out over there and because the microphone is right here on my chest, well you're always gonna hear the same audio, whether I'm close to camera, far away. They're two different styles of microphones, but I use them both when I'm out filming. So number nine is you want to have a wind screen for your microphone. Both styles and microphones that we just talked about, you'll wanna have some sort of wind protection. Right now, I'm walking down this mountain and there's a slight breeze hitting me and you would hear all this if this windscreen wasn't on the microphone. You want to cut out all wind sounds and when you're shooting outdoor content, a lot of times there's gonna be a breeze, there's gonna be wind. And one way to mitigate that is just having a windscreen. And so you can get them for your shotgun mic. They look like a big furry thing on top of your camera and they also come with the wireless audio transmitters, like the DJI mic. So it's just something always to have on you and you wanna make sure that you don't forget it when you leave because sometimes these little fuzzy things, they could just get misplaced. So it's always a good idea to film with wind protection on because then you know that you'll always get the best audio. Number 10 is a drone that can track yourself if you can use a drone So having a drone that has tracking capabilities just makes it so much easier to capture footage of yourself. Just hiking up here to this mountain, I was using my DJI Mavic Three and I was doing all these different movements and I didn't really have to worry about the drone when it was in the automation mode. It just would follow around me, whether that's in front, behind, off to the side and I could hike up the mountain and I could get some cool looking shots. It just makes the whole process so much easier when you're using a drone and you're out doing this kind of stuff, especially when you're solo. Even if you are working with other people, having tracking capabilities does make a big difference. You can manually fly and grab some awesome shots, but when you're out doing this kind of stuff, you don't know what's gonna happen and sometimes it is useful just to have that tracking capability. Now also with a drone, having obstacle avoidance is super helpful. So having the 360 obstacle avoidance in the Mavic Three just makes it so I don't hit anything. It doesn't run into the side of a mountain. It doesn't hit a tree. It doesn't run into rocks over there. Whereas if you're using something like the DJI Air 2S or like the Autel Lite+, another drone where it only has sensors on say the front, back, top and bottom, well then you might swing into something on the side. If you're using something like the Mini Two, you have no sensors and no tracking and so the shots that you can get with a drone, especially when you're solo are much more limiting. So when I'm out filming, I always take that into consideration and if I can, I'm gonna bring my Mavic Three. I'm gonna bring the drone that has 360 obstacle avoidance and active track that works well. But I definitely think if you can fly where you're going and you have the ability to bring a drone with you, it's super useful. You can get these big wide shots that really show off the landscape. Now, number 11 is have a second camera as an option. So your phone, it's a perfect second camera. I end up using my phone all the time just to grab quick shots when I don't wanna pull out this camera. Another camera I often bring is like a little POV camera. So GoPros are great, 360 cameras are great, but I've been using the Insta360 GO 2 and that thing is like the size of my thumb and it's just a great little camera to have in my pocket. And then if I need to get like a quick POV shot, well I can put the lanyard on and I can get a super easy POV without having to mount like this big chest harness that you usually have to do with a GoPro. It just makes things a little bit easier. So there's a lot of options out there and I highly suggest finding a secondary camera that's some sort of POV. Super wide lens, whether that's a 360, a GoPro, GO 2, but something where you can get these different angles that you can't get with your main camera. And sometimes a phone is the easiest second camera, because it's always in your pocket and depending on what you're shooting, there might be times where you just pull out the phone to grab a few shots. So come up with your mix of cameras, but I always like to have a few on me. My mirrorless camera, that's kind of my essential and then I'll bring like a POV camera. I'll often have my phone and then a drone, which seems ridiculous, but when you're out filming, I do end up using everything. But if you are trying to save weight and you just want a small POV camera, well you can still get awesome footage with it. I shot an entire film climbing Mount Shuksan up in Washington using the Insta360 GO 2 and on that project, I was able to capture pretty awesome footage from this little tiny camera and I just used the audio from the camera. And that was because we were doing a mountain climb and I didn't want to carry a ton of weight and it was an interesting challenge. Now you don't have to have all of this gear and all of these different tools. I just wanted to show you the range of different things that I've found are super useful and you might be someone who just runs around with a GoPro and that works, but you still want to think about how you're using that camera to be able to get better footage than just always holding the camera out like this, or always having it on your helmet or always having it on your chest. Number 12 is a... Phone that fell out of the pocket. But when you're looking for a camera backpack, a few things that you want is easy access to your gear. You want protection, and also you want to have space for all the extra things. So I have big pockets on the side and you can see, I can carry big water bottles with me on the side. And that's one thing that a lot of camera backpacks don't have is a place for big like Nalgenes or HydroFlasks. Also, you want to think about, well, what do you need access to right away? On the Shimoda bags, I have two big pockets, so I could put my cell phone, I could put my sunglasses, I could put my little POV camera. I could put extra batteries. Like there's a lot of options here that I could use these big pockets for that are right on my chest and I have access to all the time and having a camera backpack that's actually built for adventure is a huge advantage over just regular camera backpacks. I've gone through so many different camera backpacks over the years, and Shimoda's been the one that I've found works the best. Now there are other adventure style camera backpacks coming out more and more they're available, but you just need to look and see what features they have and make sure that all the gear that you wanna bring will fit into the bag, but also all the extras will fit into the bag as well. Now there's one more thing to talk about before we get into filming techniques and that is media. I know it's not the most exciting thing in the world, but you need to make sure you have enough memory before you go out and try to capture your adventure. So that means bringing extra cards or bringing extra hard drives, or having a workflow where you're actually gonna dump your media when you're out doing whatever it is that you're doing. I know this is one of those things that I've struggled with in the past, because I've been on a trip and I didn't have the proper cables, or I didn't have an extra hard drive to back up my data. So you just want to think through workflow before you actually go out on the adventure. So if you're gonna be recording to cards and you're not gonna be backing up your footage, you need to make sure that you have enough media to be able to capture as much content that you need for the trip so that means bringing extra backup cards. And if you're gonna be dumping, make sure that you know how long it takes to dump your cards from your camera to your hard drive and how much battery you need on your laptop to be able to do that. There's all these different components and one thing I suggest is just before you go out, test everything. So test your whole workflow to make sure it works and figure out timing of everything. I've gone out on some over landing trips where it's super cold and we'll be sitting there trying to transfer our data because we didn't bring enough memory cards and it's like 10 degrees outside and we're freezing, but we need to have this space so we could shoot the next day and it just becomes a big mess whereas if you just think through beforehand, just bring extra memory cards or you just have a specific workflow that you follow, well it's gonna make the whole process so much easier. Now, number 14, it's not really camera gear as much as it's just essential gear when you're doing these kind of adventures and that is all the extra stuff like snacks, water, and having places for them in your backpack, having sunscreen, having chapstick, like you want to think through all the things that you're gonna need when you're out filming, because it's a lot of those extra things that we don't think about when we're so focused on the camera gear and the story that we're trying to tell, and then we get out to a location and we're like, oh man, forgot water. I've seen it happen multiple times where I've been out to a location, I'll have a big bottle of water and someone else will be like oh, I completely forgot a bottle, can I have some of yours? So one of the key things that you can do is make a list, make a list of all the essentials that you need when you're going out and going filming. I have lists for when I'm going out and doing a video like this, I have lists for when I'm going over landing. I have lists for when I'm going mountain climbing. I have lists when I'm doing a production with clients. When you think through occupations where there's high risk, things like a pilot, they have to have a checklist that they go through every time before they take off the plane. So you make your own checklist for the types of activities that you do, and you won't forget little things, and I've forgotten little things on so many different trips and it always becomes just such a frustrating moment when you get somewhere and you needed this one little cable, and then you have to walk all the way back to where your car is to get this cable so that you can fly your drone. It happens and the way to avoid having that happen is by creating lists. So think of through all the extra things that you need when you're out making your videos and over time, the more videos that you make, the more that you're doing this, the more that you'll figure out a solid list and just something to keep in your phone. I keep all of mine in my notes. I just have a folder that's checklist, checklist before I go and do things where there are a lot of little components that are easily missed. So let's get into some filming techniques and the first one is how do you position the sun when you're out filming to get a better looking image? And this is super important because your sun is always up in the sky and if there's no clouds and it's bright bluebird day like this, well you're gonna have to find the best position of where to put yourself, your subject or the camera in relation to what it is that you're filming to be able to get a good looking image. So if I put myself dead center of the sun, I mean it's bright, it's hard to see, I'm gonna be squinty, but also it just looks really bad when everything's completely washed out. Typically when I'm working with myself or people, I want to have the sun at like a three quarters or off to the side. And when I'm moving, it's gonna fluctuate a little bit and you've seen it as we've been walking around, but you want to have the sun in a position where it's not completely blasting the scene or blasting your subject somewhere off to the side. You want to have some texture. When you can have the sun at three quarters or a side shot, you're creating depth by being able to have bright sections of your face and dark sections. And in a way you're an artist and the sun is your paint and you're creating these works of art. I know it's a cheesy way to say it, but in reality, what you're doing is you're creating more visual interest. So it's not just blasted with light and all one exposure behind or in front. I like to play around with having the sun off to the side, three quarters, three quarters behind. And yeah, it's not gonna be perfect. We're filming outdoor videos, outdoor content. Now, the other thing you wanna think about is where the sun is in the sky. So if the sun is straight up above high noon, it's gonna look awful cause you're gonna have these bags under your eyes and it's just not gonna be the most flattering look. Everything is also gonna be washed out. There's not gonna be any texture to the land behind you. So if you're shooting later in the day or you're like in winter and the sun's a little lower, you're gonna have better opportunities to create contrast and create texture. But you're not always gonna be able to completely eliminate times where you're gonna have to shoot in bright sunlight, but just think when you're out filming, how can you create more texture by adding shadows into the shot that you're filming? I've seen a lot of videos when I'm watching like over land content and it'll just be like super washed out looking, everything's bright. Well, there are ways to position your camera to try and capture some of the shadows so that you can create some depth. And that's one thing when you're filming videos outdoors, you want to tell a good story, but you also want it to be visually interesting so that it doesn't just seem amateur You want to make it look like a movie. So let's do all the things that we can to make it feel more like a movie, more cinematic. Number 16 is shoot in a flat profile. So when you're outside, you're gonna have a wide range of super bright highlights and super dark shadows. And when you're shooting in like a standard profile, well you're gonna end up losing a lot of information in the sky. It's probably just gonna turn white or your shadows will go completely black. And if you have a camera that can shoot and log, well it's usually a better idea to shoot and log and color grade in your editing software. Now it's easier to just shoot in a standard and then you don't have to worry about color grading, but when you shoot in log, you're basically preserving more dynamic range. And so you can bring back your sky or bring up your shadows. So this right here is the shot ungraded. It looks washed out, no saturation, no contrast, but then I can go in and tweak the shadows and the highlights and make it look good for the scene. And then you can actually see the sky and you can see the information in the shadows and it looks great. And if you're interested in color grading and you wanna learn more about how you can color grade log footage, I do have an entire course. I'll include a link down below in the description. It's on Skillshare and if you've never tried Skillshare before, you could do a 30 day free trial and you could take this course right now. Number 17 is get the camera away from yourself. So like put the camera over there behind the bush and get a wider shot with the Joshua tree and you could actually see your subject or you moving through the scene. You don't always wanna be close up on the subject and you don't always wanna have like a POV camera. I've seen a lot of adventure style films, and it's all from like a helmet or just all from a chest or all from like a vlogging stick. You wanna try to vary up your shots. So this is why you want a tripod and this is why you want a microphone that you can put on yourself and have the receiver on the camera. It just gives you a lot more flexibility to get these big wide shots where you can actually see someone or a car or something moving through the frame and you can get more of a landscape style shot rather than having the camera always tethered to you where it's in the style that it just feels like you're always holding the camera or you're always shooting out at the landscape. Try to put you out away from the camera and show these bigger landscape style shots. Now, number 18 is lock your focus. So I intentionally put myself outta focus because I wanted you to focus in on that plant right there which is the world's deadliest plant. That thing is awful. Like you get near it and it feels like it jumps out and bites you. But when you're shooting your videos, you don't always want to use auto focus, especially when you're doing these big landscape style shots. The focus might hunt around and even on cameras with good auto focus, if you are super tiny in the frame where your subject is super small, there's no guarantee that it's gonna have focus on that subject. So depending on the situation, you might wanna lock your focus. Don't always rely on auto Also, it's a great tool if you wanna like foreground something and have the rest outta focus. I really don't wanna get too close to this guy. He's shedding. But when you do use manual focus, just make sure you know that you're in manual focus, cause you don't wanna come back and have lots of out of focus video. Number 19 is shoot longer than you think you need. So when you're out filming, just let the camera roll sometimes. Like don't worry so much about saving space. It's not that hard to bring a little bit extra memory. And so I'd like to just let the camera roll. So if I'm doing something at camp, for example, and I have the camera positioned, well I'm just gonna let it roll for a little while because I might capture some extra footage that I'm gonna use in the edit. You don't always have to be hypervigilant being like start, stop, start, stop. Sometimes let the cameras roll. Especially if you're using like an action camera and you have it like on your chest or your head, like just let that roll and make sure you just have big memory cards because if you're in a situation where you don't know what's gonna happen, just keep the cameras rolling because in those moments are when things were will happen and as long as the camera's rolling and you have some sort of footage, you can use that to tell the story. It doesn't have to be the best footage always, but it's just something that you can use and those are the story beats that you're gonna want when you're doing your edit. Number 20 is take notes along the way. So use your phone and take notes of locations or things that have happened or conversations that you had just so you can always jog your memory when you're trying to build your story in the edit. And with this, also take notes by talking to camera. If you are someone who's gonna put yourself on camera and be a character in your own video, well, make sure that you're getting those moments where you explain what's going on. So before you go into a situation, just grab your camera, walk off to the side and explain what's about to happen. Like put it all on camera. When you're in the process and things are happening, make sure you grab your camera and capture those moments. And then once something's finished, once you're like done with whatever it is that you're doing, do a wrap up, talk to camera and talk about what just happened and maybe some thoughts or feelings or whatever's going on at that moment because when you get back to the edit and you're trying to do like a voiceover, you're not necessarily gonna remember everything that happened and you're not gonna remember how you were feeling or what was going on or specific information in these different moments. Whenever I'm out, I always just have my notes app and I'm taking notes the whole time. And then I'm making sure that I'm talking to camera and getting all these story beats and yeah, a lot of it I don't use, but there are sections where it's like oh, I need to set this up somehow. Great, I have a moment where I'm on the side of a dock talking about what we're about to go do on this boat. It's a great moment to use. So make sure you're capturing a lot of different elements that you could use in the edit and also just make sure you're taking notes so that you can compile everything later when you're ready to put it all together. Number 21 is get sound effects in your location. So we talked about audio earlier when I was talking about the different microphones, but of the things that you wanna make sure that you do is grab some sound effects and you can use your shotgun mic on top of the camera and just grab some different ambiances and different elements that you are encountering when you're out making your video. I found that when I get back to my edit, there's a lot of different situations where I wish I had more audio because I need to either cut out the audio or I need to try to make it seamless somehow and I need some kind of layers underneath what's going on just to clean everything up. And when I was out in Death Valley, there was a lot of just missing audio. Part of the reason was like when we were at camp, we were just having conversations me and my buddies and I can't use any of that audio because it doesn't really make sense for the story. So I had to cut all that out, but now I have all these holes I need to fill. And the same thing when I was driving through Death Valley, there's a lot of moments where it would've been great to use the sounds of my Jeep driving, but all I had was my music that I was playing outta my speakers. And I couldn't use that because it doesn't fit the scene, it's also copyrighted music. So I needed to fill all that with sound effects. And it's always just a good habit to get in the practice of getting some extra sound effects when you're out on location. So if there is the ocean, well get 30 seconds of the ocean sounds for that particular ocean because every ocean is gonna sound a little bit different, especially with the wind and maybe like a train in the background, like whatever's at the location might change. So also if something specific happens, like if you are driving Jeeps through the desert, might be a good idea to get some sound effects of just your Jeep driving. So make sure that when your camera's on a tripod and you're driving past it, there's no like music blaring out the window to mess up that sound. Just always be conscious of sound because it is so important in the edit. So number 22, let's talk about shot sequencing. When you are filming, you want to come up with different sequences that you string together to tell your story. So when you arrive to a location, you don't just wanna shoot the same shot over and over. If you're out snowboarding, you don't just always wanna shoot the same GoPro shot over and over, that's not gonna make a good video. You wanna think through how can you tell that story in a sequence and break it down into smaller sequences. So you arrive to a location, well you need a shot of you arriving to that location and then whatever it is that you're doing, break that up into a few different actions and shoot each one individually and then have you exiting or have the scene end in some way and think of that as your storytelling sequence. So when I went and did an over landing trip in Utah exploring some pretty weird places, there was a couple sequences that I planned. I did one around cooking one morning. So I focused on, okay, what are all the elements to tell the story of us cooking and getting ready for the day? And I shot those in a sequence so that when I strung them together, it's not the same shot over and over. It was a variety and that variety of shots told a story. So that brings us right into number 23, which is shot variety. You don't wanna do the same shot over and over, but how do you come up with ideas for what shots to do? So I like to think about it in terms of nine shots. Some people say seven, but I added a couple extra to this concept for making adventure style films, because I think there's a few key elements you need to grab. So the nine shot rule for me is two wide shots, two medium shots, two closeups, something unique and like really interesting, so something different, and then you want two shots of just the location of like landscape style shots without your subject in it. So if I'm making a sequence of opening my tent in a camp location, well, I would get a couple wide shots of that from different angles. I would do some mediums that are closer in, but not super close and then I would go into like details. So like the latch is opening or like my hand's pushing on something. And then I would go and get two just wide open shots of like the landscape and then come up with something interesting, something unique. So maybe I would do a shot from inside the tent, looking out as I open the flap up. So if you're trying to come up with a sequence to tell your story, well, you can always default back to these nine shots and that nine shot will be used to create a sequence that can tell the story of that scene. Now number 24, we've already touched on, but you want to change your angle. So you don't always wanna shoot from the same direction and just like move in or move out. You want to try and get some different shots and make it a variety. So think of different ways that you could see that scene. So from this angle might be one, but then this angle might be a different angle. And I had to actually walk over there, grab the camera, come back over here, set it up, change the angle. So it does take time to do this, but it has much more of an impact when you move the camera around and you're actually seeing variety and different perspectives and different angles. It takes a lot more time than it actually looks. It takes forever to be able to get these different angles and to set things up. And if you planned an adventure that should take like a half day hike, you're gonna end up spending the entire day because shooting is gonna take so much of your time, placing your camera, setting things up and just thinking through how all this is gonna work together when you get into the edit. Number 25 is make sure that you're being safe and I mean safe with your gear, safe with you and just safe with where you're going. You have to always be a little bit vigilant about what's going on. Like don't put yourself on a ledge and just think that nothing's gonna go wrong because things do go wrong and stuff does happen. When you put yourself in extreme situations or you put yourself out there, even if it's not that extreme and you're just sitting on a rock on a ledge, you're like I've done this 100 times. But the issue is when you're making a video, you're gonna be focused on the shots. You might be rushing through things. You might be trying to get something right before the sun goes down so you're gonna run over there and as you're running over, you trip, and then you fall off the cliff, but you always wanna be careful with what you're doing and be vigilant and realize that sometimes you'll go to places where there might not be the best people around and you just gotta watch out cause you have expensive camera gear, you're flying a drone, just be cautious where you're flying and also be cautious of what's around you. Don't completely forget about your surroundings when you're out making your videos and especially when you're so focused on telling a story that you don't wanna forget what's going on everywhere else. Nice, my batteries are charged, ready to go fly my drone for sunset. But number 26 is you want to tell a story with the videos you're creating. Nobody wants to watch just a bunch of scenes of you snowboarding down a hill and put that together to some music. That's not that exciting. People like watching stories. They like seeing a journey. They like seeing the process of going through something. So if you wanna learn more on how you can tell a story, well I made a video all about that right here, goes through how you can tell a story in an adventure film and I'll see you on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JevenDovey [13 likes]: Next watch this video about how to tell a story: https://youtu.be/kDybV4DmB2o
  2. @ivanperak285 [1 likes]: this video is gold for someone planning on capturing a 5-day sports event from a POV perspective. So, thanks a lot!
  3. @DionProbo [1 likes]: best tutorial😮
  4. @lookwhatisaw: Every time I watch this I learn something!
  5. @Cat.exe_Files: What if I only have action cameras? I have 3 go pro's that I use on my adventure. any tips on audio for those and if you were limited to only action cams. how would you still create a great video?
  6. @BuleBolang: good info thanks mate
  7. @jmubreader: I feel the exact same way about Choya cactus. If you have a dog, they are just about the worst thing that you could pass by.
  8. @Vicarious_Exploration: 45:26 Situational Awareness 100% great advice! It’s easy to become complacent and injure yourself focusing on getting that shot or watching your drone.
  9. @LRG158: I see you made it to giant rock in landers California. lol
  10. @EchoesNatureYT: 🔥 Wow, this breakdown is gold! I’ve just started filming nature/outdoor content myself and learning a lot from creators like you. Thanks for the tips on camera movement and gear — super helpful! I’m also sharing scenic nature walks and ambient soundscapes on my channel if anyone’s into peaceful outdoor vibes 🌿🎥. Keep creating! 🙌
  11. @tonymortlock9004: Hi Jeven. Already posted my comments appreciating your excellent YouTube output. Have you ever considered using a Leica Monochrom camera to shoot video? My Q2 Monochrom produces amazing BW footage(47mp full sensor) and is joy on DJI RS4 mini gimbal. It IS different from desaturating colour footage.
  12. @OzventurewithArman: thanks mate for your channel and personality. I can say you are one if the best in youtube 👏👏👏 keep going bro👍
  13. @Lavidadelcampoesbellahd: Thanks 🙏
  14. @travelwithmikey: thanks for putting these out, I am starting out and there is alot to learn it is quite a new world.
  15. @ravienTv2025: Thanks bro its a big help for me
  16. @azaaza2307: Great tips and knowledge from a professional! Thanks. By the way, what it's model of that RoofNest?
  17. @lookwhatisaw: Great information!
  18. @jcbx3848: Thanks🙏
  19. @BoneYardLawnService: 🔥🔥🔥 I have to watch 5x and take notes….Thanks for the vid!!!!
  20. @CuchBe: Nice.

- Turn your vlogs into a movie (beginner friendly): Kind: captions Language: en making cinematic Vlogs might sound overwhelming but actually it's easier than you think after Just 4 months of vlogging I've learned a few tricks that help me to level up my video Aesthetics and today I'm excited to share this with you okay if we're going to make cinematic blocks first we need to understand what is Cinematic according to Cambridge Dictionary cinematic means relating to cinema it can also describe something that is similar to what you would see in the film so what makes the video cinematic there isn't one strict definition but most people agree that key elements like composition lighting sound colors and camera work play a big role today we're going to be focusing on three of these camera work composition and sound because these are the easiest to improve in my opinion and you don't need any prior experience for that and before you ask I'm just going to put it out there the camera does not matter the settings do you can shoot any cinematic footage whether you're using an iPhone or a pocket 3 but you need to have the right settings the golden rule for a leing that cinematic look exists shoot at 24 FPS with double the shutter speed this is known as the 180° rule is the industry standard for most films it creates a natural motion blower that closely mimics what your eyes see so for 20 FPS your shutter speed should be set to one over 40th or close to that figure if you're using an iPhone the native camera app doesn't let you adjust the shutter speed but you can always achieve this by using third party apps like flat magic okay now that we got the basics out of the way let's start into our first tip which is shift from multiple angles instead of sticking to the same angle every single time try capturing a few different perspectives this works because it allows the fers to go on the journey with you plus constantly switching up the angles help to keep the fers engaged and we all know how important this is now if you're unsure which ankles to go for try this simple formula wide medium closeup wi shot helps you to establish the scene medium shot gives you a bit more context on what's Happening and closeup emphasize the details that you should be focusing on another great tip that I found super useful is let the scene do the talking sometimes it's best just to keep your camera still let the motion in the frame tell the story it's going to feel less chaotic and more cinematic on the other hand if you're shooting something stationary try to add a bit of movement to the camera a slow pan or tilt can make the shot feel more Dynamic and avoid it looking like a photo next up we have Boll if you're not familiar with the term is the secondary footage that add context and texture to your story basically whenever I'm holding my mic talking to the camera that's usually a Boll apart from that is a great way to create smooth [Music] transitions composition is another key elements when it comes to creating cinematic flux one of the most common tips for better composition is the rule of thirds this technique involves placing your subject on one of those four intersection points of the grid not only creates balance it also separates the foreground mid-ground and background adding more texture to your shot but composition isn't just about rule FS personally I love balance and symmetry centering the subject and creating equal space on both sides of the frame gives you a clean harmonious look another great way to improve your composition is through framing you can use elements like Windows or trees to naturally frame your subjects to draw attention attention finally let's talk about leading lines these are natural lines in your environment like Road they guide the viewer's eyes directly to your subject making your shots more Dynamic and engaging apart from visuals sound can truly make or break your video let's start with music the right music can set the mood and help you convey your message to the audience for example if you want to create tension go for something a bit fastpaced and dramatic build if you're aiming for a Cher relaxed Vibe go for something a bit soft and mellow maybe like a Loi hip-hop music Alone can shape how your audience feel when they watch your video now let's talk about sound design this is all about emphasizing the scene and making everything feel more realistic the best approach is to record your own sound natural sound is always the best but if that's not an option you can go for websites like epidemic sound where they offer a huge range of music and sound effects for you to select from okay bonus tip this is more about camera works and composition but trust me this is a game Game Changer make sure to pre-plan your shots going to save you from the stress of figuring out what to shoot on the spot and save you the hassle from going back and forth to set up the same angle it's a very simple step but it can save you so much time and make your workflow so much smoother so these were the things that really help my flock to look a bit more cinematic but at the end of the day the most important thing is to just keep practicing as you shoot more you'll find what works best for you so just go out there experiment and enjoy the process if you're still watching thank you so much if you can leave like a Star Emoji in the comment that' be awesome I haven't been doing much Vlog lately because I'm trying to experiment different styles of videos and just to see how it goes and whether I enjoy it better or not but also I haven't been doing much over the holidays I was mainly hanging out with my friends like playing board games and stuff hopefully I will have more Vlogs soon as I'm going to travel to Japan and stop bying Hong Kong yeah I'm quite looking forward to it and hopefully you guys are as well thanks for watching I'll see you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @NeostheticProduction [50 likes]: This is very practical, thank you. 

I will add though that i feel a big component of cinematics is not just the list you made... one of the important parts is story telling.

In cinema, a mood movie uses everything with purpose.

Every camera movement, camera position, composition, colourgrading etc... they all convey a message....

Using the technicals randomly may LOOK cinematic... but for it to BE cinematic... normally there is a lot more purposeful movements. Even down to the aspect ratio. At times it can be used as to convey a mood or represent a memory etc. Obviously these arent all concrete and its always up to the artists. But its important for the artist to know their tools as well as the art forms language.... 

i thought this was worth telling..
  2. @Finalgodjoro [1 likes]: Can’t believe this is free in the internet ,i’ve watched many videos it’s either yapping or not straight to the point, but your are just shoeing straight up facts and no lengthy videos..
  3. @NatalieMartinezMusic [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! This was really helpful!
  4. @upgradevideo5616: Pardon, but your video doesn't look cinematic to me
  5. @caryl5808: This is helpful.
  6. @Felix-s6p6b: May i ask what is the 2 fonts you are using in the thumbnail as well as in the video? Thanks!
  7. @kiranbatth7193: 😊
  8. @DIMASOFFICALCHANEL: This video is interesting, I will subscribe to the useful tutorial.
  9. @wolfboi5202: smooth and easy to understand , thanks for this
  10. @aleynadiary: Amazing and simple!!
  11. @ivanalvarado03: Nice one!
  12. @elifdogan1762: :goodvibes:
  13. @chillwithkea: Excellent video. I’ll be using these tips for my channel. Thanks a ton 🙏🏾
  14. @JS-to2uk: Thank you
  15. @BarfussR: ✨
  16. @RelynJoyDepaz: how about android users, sir?
  17. @lonceysyoutubecreators: 25fps not 24, if it’s for YouTube
  18. @Inikal1952: ⭐️
  19. @shahrukken: One thing that's tripping me up is how to film.

Like I have an x100vi, I can't tell or understand if I should record vertically or horizontally if most of my videos are going on tiktok and instagram.

Seems like a lot of travel filmers do horizontal? But I've record at 16:9 but there videos seem to have more height.

And how can I make a camera like a x100vi or sony alpha work with those action cameras? Arnt they usually like 3:4?
  20. @The_Witchers_left_hand: The wide-medium-closeup formula is such a simple but effective way to keep viewers engaged, Pre-planning shots definitely sounds like a massive time-saver for any creator🎥✨⭐

- How I Took My Vlogs from Beginner to PRO - With A Few Simple Changes!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Vlogs these days are this beautiful dance between raw real moments and that cinematic movie like feeling. After making hundreds of vlogs and focusing on improving my content over the last years, I've learned a few critical yet incredibly simple tricks that can transform your vlogs from beginner style updates to something cinematic and engaging. So today we're going to walk through five key techniques that will take your beginneresque feeling vlogs into these professional wellp polished highly engaging and movie like vlogs. And once we do that and we got a good grasp on these five things, I have an even further two bonus practical tips that will make so much more sense. and even further enhance these things once we've got these five things down. Let's get into it. In a lot of beginner vlogs, it's common to see one static talking head shot kind of like this one. And in a lot of the cases, it's fine, but there is a way to make it much more interesting. You see, if you only have one shot like this, it quite quickly becomes quite static and predictable. Whereas, if you mix it up and do something I like to call the talking head action cuts, it can quickly make your video feel a lot more dynamic as that camera moves around, especially between sentences. So, something I like to do is something exactly like this, where I'll be talking to the camera and then I'll pause in my sentence and change scene to a new angle where it makes it feel super nice and smooth. Even something as simple as just having a shot of me putting that coffee cup down can really keep your pacing dynamic and create some form of visual interest for the viewer. It's pretty simple to do and I actually usually start in the script where I'll write a sentence of my dialogue and then create a new paragraph or line indicating a change in angle. So once I hit that end of that sentence, I'll reset up my camera in a different angle. And then I'll check the next sentence, continuing in the same kind of pitch and flow and speed that I was in the previous sentence, just facing to a new camera angle, wherever that may be. So I'll be talking to the camera like this from one angle, and then as soon as I get to the end of that sentence, I'll create that little movement and get ready for the next one. and I'll rechange my angle. Get to the end of that sentence, I'll just change angle and start a new one talking to that new angle. It cuts together so seamlessly and so smoothly. Let's talk shooting cinematic sequences between your dialogue. Earlier on, vloggers often just kind of capture a few random cutaways or scenes of their day or the mission that they're on and kind of piece them between their random talking parts. But there's a much better way that we can do this. Professionalfeing vlogs incorporate some sort of cinematic sequences between talking. Whether it's a time-lapse or just a static shot that changes in light to show time passing or something like coming out of the door to progress your story into a new location. Same for something like getting in a car and driving to the next scene. But having cinematic sections of each one of these things can really bring your video together instead of kind of just having random shots of odds and ends here and there between things. One of the keys to a great vlog is evoking some sort of emotion. And one of the key ways that you can do this is by using music. But when you're trying to create just the right vibe, finding the perfect music can be quite tricky. And that's where the sponsor of today's video, Art List, comes into play. They have this super unique new feature where you can head over and find out what the most trending tracks are on popular streaming platforms like YouTube, Spotify, or even Tik Tok. You can see which one of these tracks match the kind of vibe that you're looking for. Click on it and get all of the recommended songs that would sound similar to these global trending tracks on any of the streaming platforms of your choice. This can be super useful because it shows you what tracks people are listening to most and it shows that you can pick tracks that are similar to these styles to use in your project. Whether you're aiming for a super chill vibe or something with an emotional punch, Art List helps you find the perfect track in seconds. It's the easiest way to elevate your vlogs and make sure you're getting those vibes just right. Check out artlist.io and use my link for a special little discount. It's all in the top of the description. It's going to save you a huge amount of time and it's the platform that I use for all of my music in the vlogs that you see on this very channel. Here's a bit of a controversial one. You don't always have to hold the camera. You see, this may be a very popular vlogging style, and at times there's nothing wrong with it because you can capture things very quickly as you're on the go, but it can also often feel very rushed and kind of chaotic and a bit all over the show. If you want to just level it up ever so slightly, there really is a place for just putting this camera down somewhere, setting up a nice angle, and speaking to it from a static shot. It makes it feel a little bit more intentional, but not only to the viewer, to yourself while creating the vlog as well. And I find when I'm just kind of winging it and throwing my camera all over the show, I end up babbling. I end up talking a lot. I end up showing a little bit too much and kind of drawing things out. Whereas, when I put my camera down like this, I'm so much more intentional about it. I put that camera down. I think of what I'm going to say. I'll hit record. I'll kind of get that piece of information or dialogue to camera and then I can hit stop. I'm not saying that you shouldn't do some of these from time to time. I think a great way to do it is to use a combination of both. But try and avoid just having your whole vlog being some of these because sometimes it's actually just really nice to put that camera down and get a little intentional with it. Next up is using intentional cutaways to support your story. Now, just because you're shooting a vlog, it doesn't mean that you shouldn't get supporting B-roll that further emphasizes the points that you're trying to make. Instead of randomly cutting to some B-roll, try and make sure that each shot serves a purpose. Whether it's showing something that you're talking about or giving context to your surroundings, this really helps the viewer understand what's going on. Something I like to do is sometimes I'll talk and say a whole bunch of stuff with my dialogue and then right after that I'll go I spoke about these things. Let me take a few extra seconds just to capture some of these shots that I can place over that maybe otherwise boring static shot making it way more interesting with that relevant cutaway B-roll that we can play over it. Avoid random updates and try and focus on a narrative. Now, here, this is a very hard one, but it's one that if you can put a bit of extra energy into, it will make the biggest difference to your vlog. I can promise you that. So, here's what you want to do. Instead of giving random updates or kind of just taking bits and parts from your adventure or your day, try and focus on having some sort of narrative thread that focuses through your entire vlog. I like to think of a rough idea of what my vlog is going to be and I'll try and always pull on those little threads to further enhance that one continuous idea that's consistent through the vlog. It's easy to assume, oh well, it's a vlog. Maybe it's a travel day. I really don't have an idea of what's going to be happening in the day, so I can't plan it. I'm just going to shoot a bit of everything. That's fine, but I would suggest having some form of thread behind it. So, if it's a travel vlog, maybe just pick what's the overall arching thing that you're going to be doing that day. What's one singular piece of valuable information that you can offer to the person watching that vlog for that day that you can have some sort of conclusion to in the end? And really try and focus on that. It is not only going to help your vlog have much more of a flowing thread through it, which will keep the viewer more engaged. It will also help you understand what you should be capturing and shooting through the day instead of trying to just film a bit of everything and then piece it together later on in the edit. So, some of this comes down to when you're scripting and you don't have to script out your vlogs word for word, but it's as simple as just finding that thread that you can go, okay, this vlog about me traveling, what am I going to be doing today? Well, I want to go to this beach. Okay, maybe my thread is, is this the be best beach in this area? Now you have a thread. You can maybe show some other beaches. You can capture all of your different shots that are going to be cohesive with that story. Okay, for those of you that stuck around, we've got those two bonus tips that are going to take your vlogs from good to great. So, let's get straight into it. The first one being is to show don't tell. One of the biggest rookie mistakes that I see and the one that I have done the most in the past is to talk too much about what is going on rather than just showing it. There's a huge difference between taking out your camera and going, "Okay guys, now we are going to go to the beach." Versus having shots of you kind of packing your bag, getting ready, maybe a sentence or two here and there, walking out the door, getting in a cab, going to the beach, arriving at the scene, capturing your reaction, going, "Wow, this beach is so beautiful." That is an incredibly different experience for the viewer to consume. And the second piece of practical advice is going to be to try and avoid updating. Similar to the last one, but the mind is actually really good at piecing things together. So instead of having little updates for every single change of location or every single little change in plan or thinking that you're bringing the viewer along for that journey by going, "Okay, now we're getting in the taxi to go to the beach. Okay, now we arrived at the beach and we're getting out. Okay, now we at the beach. Look at the beach." It seems like it makes sense in your head to try and unfold a story like that, but the brain is incredibly good at filling in the blanks. So, leaving massive chunks out and just kind of doing the thing and showing it instead of telling, like we mentioned in the previous one, the viewer's brain can piece things together. Now, the second half to any good vlog or any good video for that matter is the editing. And the unfortunate thing I see is with beginners, they just don't have the necessary knowledge or skills to be able to pull the full potential out of all the raw footage that they captured. I started an editing agency with very limited seats available. And it's on a massive discount right now. If you want your editing process to be as simple as sending us all of your raw footage and assets, waiting a few days, and receiving a completely finished product back that's ready to upload onto YouTube. You can check out the creatorlabs.co code in the description. Other than that, drop a comment and let me know what you guys struggle with with vlogs or things that you've learned along the way. These are just some of the ones that I've recently learned uh in the vlogs that I've been creating for this channel. Other than that, I'll see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @seankitching [11 likes]: Apply for the YouTuber program to fast track success as a full time creator here - https://fulltimeyoutuber.co/opt-in-wait-list
  2. @damian2115: Sorry  
YOUTUBE  gdzie język Polski.
Nie ma napisow ! Nie ma dubbingu!
😢
  3. @Jake_Towne: This is an awesome Video! Lots of good advice. It all comes down to practice. i know for sure i can definitely improve my vision of my videos!
  4. @reidnorthrup2688: This was an exceptionally great training videos. You not only told the viewer but provided good examples of you’re doing between scenes, I.e., transitions. Really enjoyed it.
  5. @RileyPh: Thanks for the advice! With this information I made and posted my first vlog to kick off my channel, still learning, but this was a huge help!
  6. @Unstoppablefam: Great tips
  7. @4TouringCanada: This is very helpful! I'm in the process of starting my own travel vlog and with the few videos I've got, getting subscribers is the hard part!
  8. @RudyStacysadventures: Just be you who cares stop with faki g and AI stuff i  don't on my channel
  9. @jardjongman: Thank you, great tips!
  10. @BryanKalElCastro: Awesome vid, will definitely try these.
  11. @allyanne_lipkvich: I also find myself needing to stop talking about what I am going to do - and just doing it!! Thanks.
  12. @EmprendiendoAVivirOficial: 😊
  13. @SteveDonnaTVCanada: Is it mandatory to start all cool hip vlogs with a shot of your coffee grinds and drips??
  14. @thecommunitybeehive: thank you for all the videos and tips!! I've been using so many... do you have any way I can book an audit? or people of the tube feel free to drop ur feedback :)
  15. @stronghousewife: Plz support me please
  16. @thangnguyen4439: THIS HELP ALOT, THANK YOU
  17. @EverythingTech330: wtf is a pro vlog duche 😂
  18. @ser_jay2018: The problem with me is that when I pause for the next paragraph, the tone of my dialogue differs so, more practice.
  19. @MelvinCarlo-k5l: I like this type of technique not cringe not trying hard just natural and i dont like holding and pointing the cam to my face.
  20. @brunoleveau: Thank you for sharing!!!! Very rich content!

- How to Make HIKING VIDEOS as a Solo Creator: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) - In this video, let's go through five different tips on how you can create more cinematic looking hiking videos. Now, this is a style of filmmaking that I'm interested in because a lot of my adventures, when I'm going out and telling my stories involve some sort of hiking whether it's a mountain climb or it's just going to some abandoned ruins that are out in the forest somewhere. And so, when I'm out doing these kind of adventures I like to shoot the process of actually hiking to these location. And so I use a few different ideas when I'm out filming to make these scenes look a lot more exciting than just putting the camera, on the side of the trail and filming me walk by. So when it comes to the word cinematic, creators will say that this is overused, but I think it's just a way to talk about a style of creating videos. Cinematic to me just means more thought put into the image and the cinematography and also more thought put into the story. So it boiled down when I'm talking about cinematic hiking videos I'm talking about videos that look visually pleasing and also have more of a story. So recently I hiked 10,000 feet to find an airplane that had crashed in the side of the mountain. I'm interested in telling the story about this plane but the bigger picture of this mountain and kind of the tragedies that happen on this mountain because this is the tallest mountain that's closest to Los Angeles. So there's a lot of people that go up here for day hikes and don't realize that it's a big mountain 10,000 feet is a very big mountain. So before I actually went up to shoot my video the story piece that I'm creating I needed to do some reconnaissance. I needed to go see if I could find this downed airplane. And because this isn't a multi-day hike to get there. I could go do this before I actually go and film the video. Now, in some situations when you're going out and shooting like a hiking video you're not gonna have this ability to preplan but there are some things you can do on the front end to anticipate what is coming if you were to go film a story like this. So part of my reconnaissance when I went up to go check out if I could find this plane was filming some different scenes and figuring out what I like and what I don't like. So that when I go back to film the bigger piece I'm gonna have more of an idea of what I wanna actually capture when I'm up there, but let's go through five different things that I think are important when you're shooting these cinematic hiking videos. Now, number one is the hiking shots on a tripod. This is essential when it comes to creating hiking videos but there's a few things you need to think about when you film yourself hiking through a scene because not every shot is gonna look good. You have to think of it like a landscape photographer and look at your scene and figure out, well what's visually interesting about this scene and make more of a landscape composition and then have yourself walk through it. And a couple things that I try to do when I'm making these videos is get a lot of shots from me walking away from camera towards this beautiful landscape but I don't wanna just get those shots. I'll also bring the camera forwards and shoot backwards and also shoot up the trail down the trail or off to the side. Now you can go crazy with this and shoot way too much footage. And it's something that I suggest you go out and play around with. How many shots do you need to tell your story? Is it five shots from behind and two shots from the front or is it more like 15 shots? And it's gonna depend on the final output of what you're creating of how many shots you're actually going to need. I can't really tell you get this many shots but it comes more from experience of doing it. So practicing is always one of those things that you want to go out and do and just see how many shots. Now I've done another video about the nine shot rule for shooting a cinematic sequence. And this is something you can always default to if you just need a transition sequence between two different scenes. And so I'll link to that video down below in the description, but that's a great starting point of what to do when you're out filming one of these scenes. Now, besides the big wide landscape shots you'll also want to get detail shots. And so this is details of like the tree stump or the plant or like a stream passing by and you're showing yourself interacting with that scene. So try to frame these without having you being full frame in the shot. So maybe it's just your feet passing by or maybe it's just your midsection or just your head, just vary it up so that you don't have just wide shots. And you're also capturing detail shots of the scenes that you're interacting with. Now, a third thing that I think is really important is moving landscapes. So not every shot has to have you in it and making a cinematic hiking sequence. I think it's important to grab some shots of the environment and make a moving shots because if you're putting your camera on a tripod and you're hiking through, well every shot's gonna be very static. So it's nice to break that up with a few moving shots here and there. So if you could fly a drone at where you're at, it's always a great idea to get these big nice wide landscape shots and have your drone do something like a jib shot or an orbit or a push forward or a pull back and make it so that you're moving close to objects so that you see a lot of motion in these shots. When you capture these beautiful moving shots it's gonna compliment the static landscape style shots that you're capturing with the camera on the tripod. Now, number four, I think is a big one and that is the use of light. So when you're filming and you just have lots of sunlight hitting the location it's not gonna look as pleasing. Whereas if you can find an angle where there's contrast in the scene, it's gonna be much more visually pleasing and much more cinematic. So something I like to do is always try to capture the sun in a few shots and I'll stop down my lens, so I get that starburst up in the sky as it's peering through the trees. Now, there are definitely times where the sun's gonna be right overhead and there's not gonna be a whole lot of shade and it's not bad but you just wanna make sure if you have the opportunity add more contrast into your shots that you do that. And I think number five is one of the most important aspects and that is having a clear objective. When you're going out to shoot a cinematic hiking piece, the audience is gonna enjoy the visuals. They're gonna enjoy the peacefulness of the hike and the beautiful shots that you're capturing but there's still this element of story. You want to have a reason why you're hiking. And if you're making a video where there's no talking, well you could still have story in those videos. And so when you're putting all the pieces together, well you wanna think of like an intro, getting to the location, maybe parking your car, getting out, setting up your gear before you get on the hike. You wanna show the entire experience and you also wanna show story beats throughout. So if you stop and you put down your pack and you have a lunch break, well, you might wanna show that and film different scenes around that. And you'll want to capture that so you have more than just hiking shots and you always want to have your end in mind. So is there a specific location that you're going to? When I was out filming I had a goal of finding this airplane wreckage. And so, that was the climax of this video is finding this wreckage and grabbing some shots, exploring it. And the ending could be as simple as getting back to your car and putting your feet up and relaxing and showing that you've finished the hike. So even if you're not crafting a super detailed story there is still elements of story that you should add into every video that you're creating. And next, if you wanna see some more tips on how you shoot outdoor videos, check out this video right here. It goes through a tons of tips around gear and different ideas when you're out filming in an outdoor setting, I'll see you on the next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JevenDovey [5 likes]: More tips on how to shoot outdoor and hiking videos: https://youtu.be/tPviKa9IOGc
  2. @the_average_backpacker [3 likes]: Step 0. Leave the drones at home (pretty please). No one puts in all that effort to get out into the middle of nature just to be harassed by the sights and especially the sounds of someone else's angry hive of cyber wasps. It also disturbs the wildlife.

Moreover, I just want to poop in peace without getting captured in a flyover.
  3. @rustyroy5385 [1 likes]: Drinking game: Take a shot every time he says shot
  4. @TroyQwert [1 likes]: Most creators talk about 7 shots pattern, not 9. At least in my experience.
  5. @pritch28: What do you think the best music subscription site is that offers songs like the one you used?
  6. @Gardenfairy1114: Mt Baldy
  7. @Reader_L: Great video, but how are we doing audio? I imagine something like at the start of the hike, talking to the camera about the intent of the hike and then talking points again when a decision or an interesting part of the hike comes up. With cinematic shots and action shots in-between. 

Is the camera devices audio good enough? or is it best to get a wireless mic? if yes to a wireless mic, how does video and audio sync? how does video audio of natural sounds balance with the audio from talking?
  8. @abionamission: Excellent video!
  9. @MmatshephoMavimbela: Thank you.🙏🏾
  10. @lanesullivan7461: Shots
  11. @1979DrNick: Great video, thanks. Walking past the trail sign at 4:17 is very Wes Anderson. :)
  12. @MoonContradiction: 😮😮😮😮😮
  13. @ax5344: I thought this one was about how to shoot video "solo". I was waiting to see what tools and the setup ... Thanks for sharing. The tips are helpful but more on how to create interesting videos.
  14. @richarddollar1339: I just want to say I like those old crash sites. I have not been to any my self but I did purchase a booklet with directions how to drive or hike to the sites ,I gave that book away, nice video.
Richard Dollar
  15. @richarddollar1339: I saw the nine shot video and I try to use it, at the time I did not realize who you are. Maybe I should say how interesting you actually are.
Richard Dollar
  16. @RUENWBBW: Thank u for this brother 🤝
  17. @marissarossray: Great tips! Thank you!
  18. @SEPAKBOLAMSFA: Nice 👍
  19. @WeiseGuy91: I need help on the technical aspects of filming solo. I bought a ZVE10 and sigma 16mm for talking head in my studio, but it’s a set and forget set up. I need technical tips on shooting full manual (or auto?) solo. Ensuring framing is correct, exposure, focus, etc. Any help or video links would be greatly appreciated!
  20. @stehume: Hi Javen, great video watched it many times as also into the outdoors.
At the end of the last clip you have a drone shot going away from you, did you somehow set the drone to do this or did you get another person to operate it.

- How I Film Myself, Cinematic Vlog tutorials, OSMO POCKET 3: Kind: captions Language: en Here's how I make cinematic travel film with this $500 camera, and you can do this too. I did not start using this camera even though I work for this company. And this camera, it turned my video from this to this. In this video, I'm going to show you all the accessories I have for this camera and also I'm going to take you to explore the hidden Los Angeles spot when showing you what this camera can do. Today, I am not alone. I have my friend Rachel with me and she will help showcase exactly how I vlog by myself. We just got to the train museum and we are tiny compared to the train. Let's go. When I arrive at a new location, I always start with that what I call a setting shot to establish where I am. This is so crazy, honestly. This feels like I'm back in the 1920s This place reminded you of the 1920s. It's kind of crazy that living here for more than a decade, I never even know this place existed. For the B-roll, I'm gonna do a setting shot. So I put this here, so I can shoot myself walking across the train. So after the wide shot, usually I do some super close-up to make it interesting. So now I'm gonna walk up, so I'm gonna do some close-up of me walking. When there are lots of people, I get a little bit nervous. Especially I'm at a place that I've never been before, which is often the case. I often travel solo and film myself alone. Majority of the footage I have when I'm in public, out there with lots of people, it's just me shooting myself. So this camera, I get to like double-click it, and then I can see myself in the screen. So I can like shoot myself to make sure I'm in frame. As you can tell right now, my face pretty dark. I'm backlit. To make sure you're not backlit, you should actually make sure the sun is in front of you, instead of behind you. Right now, the sun is behind me, so I have to go this way. So see now the sun is in front of me. This is how you make sure you're not backlit. Let's watch this vlog with those tips in mind. Oh, you can't go in this one. No. We walked past this beautiful train, but unfortunately, it seems like it's closed today. We really want to check it out. We have to do this. The whole time, we thought it was just background noise, but it turned out you can actually pull the whistle here. This is the highlight of my day. If you're watching till here, don't forget to subscribe and like this video. It really support my channel and keep me going. Thank you so much and let's keep going. We found this train that's open, so Rachel suggests that we actually go take the pictures. But it turned out there's a bigger whistle here for you to pull. Is this a... I was a little bit nervous because I wasn't sure where and how. And also, I'm just very excited about this. Never thought I would be a train girl, but me and Rachel both officially are train girls now. Welcome to the Rail Jones Train Museum. We've got a collection of some of the most significant trains in the country, so we'll show you around. People are insanely nice here. They were kind enough that they were educating us how to operate a train and to feel how to shift gears from 10 miles, 20 miles, maybe even 50 miles. I forgot, I was just way too excited. I experienced it, you get to have every day. Yeah, this is so cool. In order to show how excited we are, I actually changed different angles to shoot the close-up of my face, close-up of Rachel's face, and then both of us, and close-up of his hand. We did ask permission before we start filming just to make sure he's comfortable. You can video and whatever. Really? How should we schedule for the guided tour in the luxury car? Oh, the green one? Yeah. Oh, you want to go see it? No! You might pass out. He's so nice. I can't be really that lucky today. Now he's taking us to see the luxury car. Since I'm going to a new place, I'm going to shoot where I'm going, which is my feet. Whoa! Then I place a camera to shoot the wide-angle shot so people know where we are. After setting the environment, then I would do close-up of the object that enhance the story or I found it interesting. This train is insane. It's one of the first business car trains. It's built in 1923, and it has air conditioning. Welcome to our private train. Did you see there's a doorbell at the mural? If you hit that, the porter will come. Before this train, luxury travel is not really a thing. People usually sit in an uncomfortable train. They have a chef to cook for you. They have a place where it can sleep. It can sleep up to 12 people, and they even have a private bathroom if you pay a little bit more. This is so fun! We have no expectations coming in here, but today's the best. Everyone is super nice, and everyone we encounter, the actual volunteer. Visit your local museums. You will be surprised. Let's go to downtown. Right now I'm actually in Claremont so it's a new location. I'm gonna do a setting shot. So I'm gonna put the camera here. So good thing about this camera is you can actually flip the screen like a selfie moire. Also I can make sure I'm actually in the shot. So okay, I think I'm in the shot. I'm gonna run really fast. Whew! And then now I just need to add natural. Wow, such a great weather. So sunny. This is the final result. Right now we're at Claremont. (upbeat music) Right now we just arrived to our gallery. So I'm gonna do a B-roll again. So it's like a setting shot. I found really pretty place. I'm gonna set up the camera. I'm gonna put it like here cause then I can see myself. Okay, let me check. Okay. Okay, so I think now I'm in the shot. So I'm gonna try to walk through it to see like I'm passing through. Same thing here. Usually I do a wide angle here first and then do a closeup. So usually I like stuff that's symmetrical. It reminded me of what's Anderson vibe. So usually I will put the camera there for like a setting shot and now just stand right in the middle. Do like I'm doing something. I'm reviewing this painting. And then I do closeup shot. And then usually I do medium shot like by just the head and maybe sit. The next two experiences we got to do are both located in a beautiful college called Pomona College. I cannot believe I never know this place. Every part of the school is insanely beautiful. So pretty. Oh man, she's basically questioning that what did it mean to be a black woman, better and on display. This is so cool. The rabbit. What does it mean? Rachel, I think you need this at home. [laughs] She needs this. You are good enough. This room is actually really cool. I'm your shower curtain. I'm watching you. [MUSIC PLAYING] This is so interesting. We just get to the sunset spot but unfortunately my batter is actually about to die. The good thing is they do have extra battery in the combo package. So like right now I can just swap this through here. With this accessory you open this up. You put this in. And then you lock it. So this you can attach a light here. Which is super cool. So now when I film myself my face is lit. So right now the sunset is about to come. I'm going to actually use the Pocket 3 to do a hyperlapse to show the time it's changing. It is changing now. That's so cool. It's like a little pink. To summarize, here are the accessories I used for the Osmo Pocket 3 when I'm filming alone. A microphone, this is actually included in the creator combo. This is the sound without microphone and this is the sound with microphone. There are two ways to wear the microphone. One of them is magnetic. It's quite convenient but I do found that it often fall. The dead cat really helps with the wind noise. And the wide lens. You can use the lens from DJI Stray but also you can get one from Ulongji. This is with the wide lens. This is without the wide lens. A light. This is perfect to shoot when you're indoor. This one you can directly attach here. Tripod. This is the one straight from DJI. It doesn't really fit in my purse. I prefer to use the Ulongi one just because it's a lot more smaller. But it is harder to put the Ulongi tripod on and it's not as stable unless you screw it super tight. The bag you get from the DJI creator combo is this short. So like if you put a tripod this won't fit but the Ulongi bag will fit. If you enjoyed this video and want to learn more, I've just launched my creator membership. You will get direct access to ask me technical questions and exclusive behind the scenes content. Your support will help me continue making this kind of in-depth tutorial. Super grateful that Rachel is willing to help out this video. Thank you for everyone being so kind to us today. Can't wait to go on more local adventures.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SaltyCheeks [5 likes]: Vlogging tips: How to get over my shyness🙈
https://youtu.be/c1vnCvboCIM
  2. @TheDarkness2146 [1 likes]: Thank you so much! This was so helpful, and dense in reaaally cool comparisions, examples, and information!
I am someone who started documenting my life aswell, for 3 months now, and these tipps really help to expand the horizon or get different perspectives for creating good perspectives and being a creative person. <3 Keep up the good work !!!!!!
  3. @gowithmels [1 likes]: Very helpful!
  4. @KalonAndRain: super helpful! thanks
  5. @carlaadelidia: so the first clips at the beginning super perfect are made with osmo pocket 3?
  6. @Jarvis.JordanVlogs: I love your style!!!  I have a pocket E also but you make it look way more fun to use
  7. @mirabellewang: This is very helpful! Thanks for the tips! Hope you get more views on your videos ❤🎉
  8. @eecorr: the sun tip was really good, thanks!
  9. @AuraGoldOfficial: What is the small bottom bit you attach to the tripod I thought it was an extra battery I tried to charge it but it does nothing, not the longer one but the the small short one you put the tripod on
  10. @uorv: What software do you use for the yellow text? And what font is that ?
  11. @manasapawar: Hey! What tool do you use for editing your videos?
  12. @scmtkings4: do you use any ND filters for your pocket 3? I just bought mine, and will be recording travel videos, although not on a professional level. Is it needed? thanks!
  13. @shanukumarshah6674: can you share us your dji pocket 3 luts for d log m please
  14. @wiksk: What camera did you use to film this vlog?
  15. @livelifetothefullestandfoc3784: Thanks for your sharing secret tips….
May I know how to upload DJi osmo videos to Facebook and Instagram with clear version
  16. @shellyannemckay: Thanks for the great tips! You make it look so easy.
  17. @aureliarchive: I'm still a small channel, and sometimes find it hard to find more footages. Thank you for the tips!! 1 new subscriber here🧏‍♀️
  18. @ShaoounAlumaa: How can I get a cinematic video like this? Is there any color adjustment or other settings in the camera?
  19. @mkpetros: Appreciate these tips and love the message - we should definitely be visiting our local museums more :)
  20. @LauZalve: so niiice! love it!

- ULTIMATE SOLO FILMING SETUP FOR HUNTS: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on everyone welcome to today's video i am going to go over a very highly asked question ever since i started filming my hunts and everything it's how to solo film your hunts or just how to film your hunts in general um and i've had a lot of gear changes over the years and recently i've changed some gear so i thought it'd be a really good idea just to kind of run through just my complete setup what i do literally when i get up in a tree if i'm solo filming take my gear out how i have it packed up and everything it's uh it's kind of a crappy day so we're filming some videos today it's raining it's super windy it's like an east wind so we're not hunting today we're just filming videos um so what we're going to do is we have this tree right here we're going to get in it like exactly as if i was hunting but i wanted to go over just real quick i've been running this new backpack it's an everly stock i do not know what uh kind it is can't find like a a style or whatever on it but uh this super small backpack and why i've been running it small like this is because when i'm like hunting at home i have most of my spots already prepped the only thing i'm gonna need to bring into the stand is like literally camera gear some snacks and whatnot so keeping it super simple small like a small footprint i think is super important especially with filming and there's just so much going on so let's uh or first thing i do put my saddle on i'm not really gonna talk about um like saddle and saddle hunting in general i've done other videos on that but i have been hunting and filming out of a saddle a lot lately pretty much that's all i've been doing it's really nice it's also really nice too like if mitchell's filming with me to be in a saddle also um even if you have like the hunter in a tree stand and then the the cameraman in a saddle because you're like facing facing each other it's super nice so not going to talk a whole lot about it but it is out of a saddle and everything i talk about it'll just be like reversed on a tree stand if that makes sense so what i like to do is i kind of already have it all set up always an airplane hold on what i like to do is i put my backpack on this right side and i actually i'll grab my bow and i'll hang my bow on the left side let's get my tethered roped out and when i'm all finished setting all this up this is literally gonna be how i set set everything up in a tree get that set up there we go so this is my legit setup if i got up in the tree a lot of times what i'll do like all of like a permission property or any sort of private property that i have time to prep what i've been doing is putting sticks up and then i'll walk out with my platform so i'll have my platform strapped on here get to the top stick put to put my platform on get up here i'll install i just got this like seat cushion i wrap it around the tree so it gives your knees it's a matted thing i'll screw in this step hang my backpack screw in either just a hook or a a longer like bow hook for my bow and that's it so first thing that i do is on this backpack there's a little tiny um little pocket up here which fits really good for this fourth arrow camera arm mount it packs away super nice and easily i actually just picked this up like a week or two ago and been using it and i absolutely love it i bought this not sponsored or anything i just i really have been loving this so those little wings fold out so it doesn't tear up your backpack and storage and what i'll do is i'll just set it right in my legs right there wrap it around then it's just a standard ratchet strap feed it through i know a lot of people are worried about sound and everything when you're bringing more equipment into the woods but really this setup really isn't too loud and you can be pretty quiet with this ratchet strap just get it semi-snug and you can kind of adjust it where you need it and what i like to do is about about like you know belly height is what i like to do when i'm in the kneeling position so you see over here too if it's like super quiet in the morning or whatever i'll be really really cautious about this but if it's windy and stuff i mean they really can't hear these little clicks but to be really quiet i just kind of put my finger in there pull this clip back and then push set it down pull that clip push and i just do that over and over again and you're making very very little noise i'll just ratchet the rest of it for time but you can go really easy on that and be very quiet so that whole system you're making no noise such a small footprint also like in your bag got some snacks in there of course some other things so we open up the main part and i i layer my backpack so i pull it out as i need it and as i'm setting up my stand it's all about efficiencies and getting set up as quickly as possible so next is my camera arm pull that out of that bag right there i'll slide it in it's pretty close to level but if it was way off i would have to do this before putting it in so we'll just loosen that get it level it's about good like that tighten it down and then up next is my camera um this is gonna be i'm gonna go over some of the techie stuff in this also so i'm running a a7s3 with a 24 to 240 so this lens is actually a really good lens for solo filming just filming hunts in general because you get everything you get you get the selfie mode stuff and then you zoom in at a deer 100 yards away you do lose a little bit a little bit quality like with the f-stop and everything but overall performance of a lens it works really really good instead of like changing lenses out from a zoom to whatever but in as you guys know if you watch a channel we really try to bring good quality stuff so this a7s iii really does that and i really like this flippy lens or flippy display out so i can spin it around do selfie mode that's super important to make sure everything's good i was running the a7 3 that didn't have that it was just stagnant like this so whenever i flipped it around i was just hoping that it was on so i really like that then i also have the battery grip it's not super necessary at all but i like to not worry about batteries at all so i just run it in and just run it and then we got two sd cards we are running this uh cf express type a cards if you're really techy the sd cards we use the recommended ones but we kept getting weird issues mitch and i kept getting weird issues so we had to go to those so if you're getting an a7s three anytime soon i would recommend that that's pretty much it for this we put this right in this camera arm is all like you bought together this head is separate i've had it for a long time it's a manfrotto 128 rc works well it's kind of a lighter one but can still like like handle the weight i guess we've even ran the fx6 and stuff on this head and you can just kind of manually loosen this as you need it which is yeah so so but it uh it does good for the how small it is and then i always take my mic off because i've broken a lot of these and broken a lot of audio jack ports so i always take it off when i store it away now and it's just the this is like 60 bucks on amazon it is the rode video mic go works really really well and if i break one we can just snag another one and it's not a 250 dollar mic um so you break a lot of stuff by like using it so much and taking it in and out backpacks so that's set up and obviously right when i get up in the tree i like to get the camera set up bring my bow up and i'm i'm ready to basically shoot a deer and film it in case i need to and then i can do the rest of the rest of the setup stuff whatever it may be trim branches do whatever oh also i do always in my saddle the saddle axe has a little bit of extra storage i always run a uh i got a bow rope in here i have a tree soft i can get it out i have a tree saw oh that's my tree saw that's always super important you have a headlamp in there extra bow hooks whatever so these extra cargo pockets actually are really really nice um okay so next up what i do is i have this bow hook hanger that i attach my second camera angle to so i'll take this out i always like to put it put it right up in here we had to pre-drill or not pre-drill but pre-screw this in because this is an oak tree so i put that in just about as far as i can reach if i was sitting down that about level then i picked up on amazon this uh this cheap clamp video tripod dealio it's like 20 bucks it's actually worked pretty well what i will do probably is put it right on here every tree in every situation seems like it's always a little different but basically you loosen this little knob and you can spin this bad boy whatever you want which is kind of nice and then in the bottom of the backpack i have this guy which was my old primary a73 and i have a 24 to 105 on it right now i really would like to upgrade to a wider angle lens i just haven't done that yet but 24 does get the job done pretty standard and a tip for that i always run this and like auto exposure if i have it up here because i never really know like if it's running for a long time it just auto does everything so we screw that right in i'll loosen it back up and get it pretty much right where i want it and i don't uh run a mic on here the in body uh microphone is good enough and a lot of times when i run that i'm running this guy also so we can sync up audio from this one mic and that's it like i'm i'm ready to go i'm ready to film and like i was saying i like to set this up on the right side i like to set this secondary camera on the right side because a lot of times this quadrant is your least likely to shoot something in quadrant i made a video before like set up all your shots in the four quadrants and it's like this first quadrant is number one priority then your second and then your third and then this is kind of last this is kind of the hardest to shoot you got to stand up spin around do something weird um so i put the cameras there and my backpack so i don't really have to worry about it so now just to kind of show you like the the full range of this this camera arm um really glad i upgraded it to upgraded to it let's move this a little bit because i mean if i'm in the sitting down position i can literally move all the way around the tree with it so if my main shots are all over here when i'm just sitting you know hunting waiting a lot of times i'll set the camera up just like this so all my shots i can get right over here and then obviously if i got to go over here just film something over there swivel around so this has been really awesome and i'll show you what i've been using which does work good it's just a beast this works really good this whole system works really good that came unclipped and then as far as my second angle i always put it about at that height so literally all i have to do reach up turn that on and i always try to do that if like say i see a buck chasing a dull around or i know like potentially a shot's going to happen i just turn that guy on and let it run i always make sure batteries and cards are cleared on it so i can just let it run for a long time and just kind of let it do its its thing up there but let's say you know an instance where i'm like ready ready to go i pretty much zoom in just a touch when your solo film is so hard especially with the dslr if i was running like a regular video camera and had a little toggle switch up here it'd be a little different but i always just zoom in a little bit and then i just rock and roll with it if i'm like getting ready to shoot shoot one i just go like that auto focus everything like that you really can't do a lot of crazy stuff on your solo film it's all about simplicity efficiency all the way through the setup tear down everything you want it to be super simple because basically you're trying to shoot the deer but you're also trying to shoot the deer of the camera so you got to shoot the deer twice which isn't really awesome it is awesome when it works but it can be also very frustrating um so that's about it that is my full setup um what i'll show you now is this other camera arm this is what i have been using it's a muddy pro arm it's really awesome but it is a big beast you can see this is the mount compared to the fourth arrow one and this isn't like to bash brains or anything like this is awesome if like mitch is coming to film with the big fx6 or something we'll probably still use this this camera arm is also big which is very nice because it has a lot of like flexibility like look how far out you can get in everything but as far as solo filming it's super important to have something small light and still super functional and everything so that is pretty much my setup um as i'm going over this i guess it's also super important like if you're if you're a beginner getting into filming you don't need all this expensive stuff like i've worked up to all this stuff when i started out i used to use a little like this bow hook thing you screw it in and there's the little tripod on the end of it like everyone has their own level of entry into it and if you're just getting into it you shouldn't jump into all this crazy stuff it's very similar to archery like i say like if you've never shot a bow or anything you probably shouldn't be going and buying the best best of everything unless you know you just have unlimited resources then that's one thing but you always should like progress into things and filming is no different the most important part is to learn how to use everything like you could film an awesome video with your iphone in this little tiny swivel mount and get the shot on film and do the intro and all the important parts to make an epic video or do this and don't get the shot on film and don't do an intro and don't do an outro but you have this fancy thing but you got no video behind it so it's the skills are always what is trump's the equipment and everything and that goes with archery equipment filming equipment everything so yes this is a very expensive fancy camera so is that so is this but this is my setup i wanted to go through it and like i said we've worked up to it and you know this is our business now filming hunts and everything so this is the deal hope you guys enjoyed this video hopefully uh it answers some questions i'm sure it caused some questions so if you have any drop them in the comments below i'll make an effort to go through them in this video for sure yeah hope you guys enjoyed make sure to subscribe like this video and we'll catch you guys in the next one you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Stevehrp: The pack is an Eberlestock Bandit Pack. Just in case anyone is wondering.
  2. @Stevehrp: Why not use a quality 4k camcorder and a Gopro with remote for a second angle? Both 4K and are Lighter smaller and seems more efficient.
  3. @HillHuntsProduction: Would you ever use a Sony remote when videoing.
  4. @Beier_hunts: Hey was wondering what type of camera you would recommend buying that is cheap and affordable
  5. @TheVagabondHunter: With that secondary AS3, is there a battery-consumption advantage vs. using a gopro-power pack setup?  I'm trying to get the best audio, best video, etc. and wonder if this is the route to go. But I use a gopro on an arm, basically the same setup here, just a gopro 9 running on loop. I thought I had the best setup figured out but am certainly open to upgrading to a mirrorless if it's gonna mean better quality all around.  It's either mirrorless or finding the right 360 cam for me.  Anyone feel free to chime in, thanks.
  6. @BenSchiavone: I think I saw you at one of my archery tournaments in Lancaster
  7. @Joe-BReTired: Awesome video,
  8. @basskicking4532: Thanks Chris for taking the time to share your best practices and equipment choice. I am new to this and it really helps to see how professionals do it. Thanks and happy Thanksgiving bud!
  9. @chriskelm3368: Hey man, I am saddle hunting and want to start filming my hunts. I have a nice mount and arm, and I have a Sony A7IV with the 90 mm fixed full frame lens. Do you think this focal length will be okay for saddle hunting with a bow to be shooting deer 20-40 yards? Will it be too tight? What focal length do you normally shoot at if you use a zoom length. I would use a zoom lens if I had one, but I only have his 90 mm fixed full frame lens.
  10. @Chuckdurnil: What camera arm is this . That's the only part of your system that you didn't tell us which one you use .
  11. @BeyondFirstLight: Excellent! Needed this info! Good stuff
  12. @FIELD2FREEZER: Does that lens have power zoom? Are you manually zooming in/out while holding your bow in your hand?  Or do you use a remote with power zoom?
  13. @SOUTHERNLIFETIMES: Mr Chris... can I get a link for the clamp mount that you attached to your bow hanger?
  14. @PhaseFour33: Do you only use the shotgun mic during a hunt or do you also use the lav mic?
  15. @chasespielmacher4277: Your a beast man been watching for years and I dig this stuff inspired to say the least
  16. @AMCCLINTOCK165: What happened to the camera with the big screen on it. I thought that was dope but I bet it drained battery
  17. @cp23peters: Hey I just upgraded to the Sony a7iii and wanted to use it for self filming. Just curious what you do with your camera when it starts raining? Do you have anything to protect it?
  18. @ph3photoandvideo: Eberlestock Bandit backpack for those interested.
  19. @williamlewis5536: Someone starting out filming going with the a7iii would you recommend the g series 24-105 or the 24-240 lens?
  20. @The_Arrow_Life: In your prior self filming setup video you had an external monitor mounted at the top. Is there a reason you don’t use one anymore? I’m only asking because I’m planning to get one for my setup and want to know your opinion. Thanks in advance

- How to Be Confident on Camera (5 Tips): Kind: captions Language: en right so one of the most important skills that you can learn to level up your life is camera confidence yes camera confidence is something that I used to be really bad at I was one of the most shy and unconfident people I knew but it's a skill that I've gotten much better at over time and it's genuinely changed the course of my life and so in this video we're going to talk about firstly why camera confidence is a ridiculously useful skill to develop and secondly I'm going to share my top five tips for becoming more confident on camera let's go so in today's world being confident on camera is a skill that can BL lead into every area of your life when it comes to work life for example these days it's easy you know remote hybrid work all that stuff it makes being on Zoom calls being on teams whatever camera confidence just really shines through when you're having a meeting when you're giving a business presentation when you're trying to do sales when you're trying to negotiate deals in almost any kind of work that you're going to be in or that you're in already job interviews these days are being done mostly through Zoom I know a bunch of people who've applied for jobs in the last year all of the rounds basically have been done on Zoom except the final one which might be in person and in some of those rounds you're with other people in some of those rounds you have to give a presentation in some of those rounds you have to have a conversation with your interviewer and the ability to speak confidently on camera just as confidently as you would be in real life or in fact potentially even more confidently on camera as you would be in real life really helps level you up when it comes to applying for jobs secondly in the realm of content creation now whether you're a YouTuber or a Tik tocker or an instagrammer A lot of these video platforms really benefit naturally from being charismatic on camera even if to be honest you're a faceless YouTube channel and you have a voice that can come across confidently on camera it just makes whatever you make a little bit more engaging and thirdly the great thing about being confident on camera is that it can actually bleed into other areas of your life as well like back in the day when I was in school I used to be pretty shy and unconfident and over time I kind of honed my Charisma and confidence but it was really when I started talking on camera 5 years ago when I started making YouTube videos where that just took my entire confidence in life up an entire Notch because all of a sudden every single week I was showing up to talk to an inanimate object the camera and I had to figure out ways of being energetic in those situations and I've definitely found that over time I'm now more confident if I'm doing a public speaking presentation or if I'm giving a talk or even if I'm in just a a normal social setting where I don't necessarily know people and I'm not comfortable by default the fact that I've got so much practice and I've put in the Reps to talk to a camera has really helped level up my confidence in real life as well let's not talk about some ways that you can potentially improve your confidence on camera so there's all sorts of ways that you can increase your camera confidence and completely coincidently I have just released a brand new online course about this where I've compiled absolutely everything I've learned over the last 5 years years of doing YouTube doing business presentations doing talks doing sales all that kind of stuff into an online course about how to level up your own camera confidence we've got a bunch of different modules in the course we've got a module on mindset a module on technique a module on drills where I take people in real life through various camera confidence drills and give them feedback we've got a module on analysis and how you can analyze your own camera confidence to get better we've got a module on case studies where I'm looking at famous celebrities and authors and speakers in other YouTubers and analyzing their style of camera Charisma so you can get actionable tips from that and we've got a bunch of guest speakers as well we've got interviews from people around the world who are experts in the fields of like storytelling and public speaking and all of these guys are giving you their expertise on how to speak on camera and we have a full 30-day no questions ask money back guarantees so if you don't like the course you can just get your money back anyway that'll be linked down below if you want to check it out but now let's go into five top tips of how to be more confident on camera starting with tip number one which is to recognize that there's like different modes of thinking about the camera and this is a bit of a mindset thing that I found really helpful and that's like there's two ways of thinking about the camera firstly there is the coffee mode and secondly there is the presenter mode so in coffee mode what I'm imagining is that the camera is a friend of mine who I'm having coffee with so this is the sort of vibe that I might talk to if I'm doing coffee mode you know this is more appropriate for a zoom presentation or if it's a negotiation with someone or it's it's like a sales thing I'm not necessarily going to be over the top and present about it I'm going to be speaking to them as if I'm having coffee with a friend and so this is the mode that I go into when I speak to a camera like right now or if for example I'm doing a YouTube video where I'm speaking from the heart about something that's somewhat difficult to talk about or that's a little bit deep then I'll go into coffee mode when I'm speaking to the camera and then the second mode that I personally find useful is a bit more presenter mode and that is you know speaks to the idea that generally when you're speaking on a camera you lose out on two points of Charisma out of 10 so let's say I don't know you're talking at a 5 out of 10 in terms of like energy level when you're speaking to a camera and it's coming across to the other person that comes across as if it's a three out of 10 in Charisma and so if you want to speak on camera as if you're speaking naturally often you do have to ramp things up slightly in real life and so my presenter mode of speaking the way I'm speaking to the camera right now is a bit more like 6 and 1 half 7 out of 10 in terms of my energy levels but hopefully that comes across as fairly natural rather than like absurdly you know energetic uh like it probably does in real life right now but hopefully on the camera it sounds reasonable and so the mental model I have for this is I'm giving a kind of presentation to three or four medical students that that tends to be the model I have in my head and you can figure out for you whatever model works for you but I think thinking of the camera in these two different modes coffee mode like it's a little bit more chill a little bit low energy versus presenter mode a little bit higher energy especially if you're doing a presentation maybe if you're doing an interview that might be more appropriate tip number two for speaking on camera is to embrace imperfection one mistake that I see with a lot of people a lot of students from my parttime YouTuber Academy you can sign up to the waiting list but one one mistake I see a lot of newbies to cameras is that they think they have to put on some kind of personality like you know you know I am speaking like a BBC presenter from the 1950s and I'm going to talk about camera's confidence in this way and just becomes a thing that sounds very fake especially now we're all so used to seeing other people on camera it's a bit weird you can kind of tell when someone is not really being themselves and so tip number two is to really embrace the imperfection and to channel your own personality don't try and necessarily put on a personality for someone else although in the course we do talk about strategies like imitating other people's Styles and using that to figure out your own but broadly if you can allow your own authentic self to shine through so maybe when you're giving a presentation you're using jokes and terminology and phrases that you would use in real life you don't have to be all stuffy about it you don't have to kind of over professionalize yourself in an attempt to sound more engaging because generally leaning more towards the Casual end of the spectrum so generally how we talk in real life generally that comes across in a lot more of an engaging way to an audience rather than if you dial up the professionalism because you've got to be professional in a work presentation tip number three for being more confident on camera is to speak through a smile now this is a great strategy basically you can be saying anything but if you say it with a smile on your face it just sounds as if you're more confident and more engaged with the thing so if I didn't have the smile on my face I could be talking like this I could be kind of varying my intonation I could be talking hopefully quite charismatically and quite confidently but now if I say exactly the same thing with a smile on my face now I just like I'm infused with more energy and I just feel a lot more engaged and I feel a lot more confident and hopefully that comes across and all I've done is just plasted a bit of a smile on my face it feels really fake initially it feels like absolutely bizarre if you're not used to kind of speaking through a smile the muscles around the cheeks start to hurt all that kind of stuff but it really genuinely does come across as when more engaging and way more confident and it also bleeds into your own energy levels as well tip number four for being more confident on camera is body language now if you like it's it's really interesting to analyze kind of YouTubers who've been on the platform for absolutely ages two really good examples of this are Marquez brownley and Mr who's the boss both huge Tech YouTubers and they've been on YouTube for I think like 10 years at this point so you can see what their camera confidence was like at the beginning and what it's like now and they're both radically different camera presences from 10 years ago versus now but you'll see that one of the major changes one of the major utions of most people becoming more confident on camera is that they start to use their hands and their body a little bit more this is not to say you have to do this sort of weird kind of stuff but generally I find that kind of moving my hands around this General Zone makes me come across as a lot more confident than if for example my hands were static because with my hand static whatever I'm kind of doing if I'm especially if I'm like fidgeting and stuff it just comes across as a little bit weird if my hands are here there's you know there's a limitation to the amount of energy that I can exude and the level of comfort that I feel like see even then like and the level of comfort I see I feel when I'm speaking on camera but if I allow myself to relax a little bit if I kind of relax my shoulders if I use a little bit more body language especially you know elbows down here and then gesturing in this kind of Zone hopefully this comes across as a little bit more confident a little bit more more natural and a little bit more engaging than it would be if I wasn't using my hands at all tip number five is to warm up now something that I do before every filming session is that I generally put on some music on Spotify on my Amazon Echo behind me and I will generally sing along to the song cuz your time's coming around don't stop crying don't stop never give up and I'm doing that while I'm setting up the camera while I'm setting up Zoom like if it's a particularly high stakes thing like a zoom presentation or if I'm filming a video I'll just get myself into more of a high level energy Zone and for me personally I do that by singing along you can see there's Tony Robbins videos on on YouTube where he has a whole full body warm-up where he like jumps around and does a little hop does a little Spin and all of these things are just different strategies to get us into the higher energy Zone that we want to be in mostly if we're trying to be a little bit more confident on camera now ultimately with all these tips it all fundamentally comes down to practice the more you get in your reps the more you practice being confident on camera and speaking on camera the more confident you're going to be and the mistake that a lot of people make is that they see themselves they speak to a camera for the first time because they're filming a YouTube video or they're doing a presentation they're not very good at it and they compare themselves to someone who's been doing it for years and think oh I'm I'm I just don't have it I wasn't born with the ability to speak on camera no one comes out of the womb with the ability to speak on camera it's a skill that develops over time and it's a skill that you can absolutely develop over time as well provided you put in the practice and one bonus tip one super easy way to practice is to actually just get used to the habit of sending video messages to your friends you know instead of sending a WhatsApp voice note or a WhatsApp kind of text message you can just turn on the camera feature send a video to a friend say hi say hello say how you do how you doing give them a little life update and that's a very easy way of getting in the Reps so that next time you're speaking to the zoom camera the webcam or a camera when filming a video for anything at all you've had more practice with that than you would have done otherwise anyway if you're still watching at this point you might like to check out the course like I said we talk about mindset and technique and case studies and drills and Analysis and sort of looking at other YouTubers and celebrities and seeing how they talk on camera getting guest workshops from other speakers who are experts in storytelling and public speaking and their tips with camera confidence and we've got a full no questions asked money back guarantee so you can watch the entire course if you decide you don't like it all you have to do is email us and we'll literally give you your money back if you want to check that out that'll be linked right over here thank you so much for watching and I'll hopefully see you in the next video bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [19 likes]: If you want to, check out my course about camera confidence here: https://cameraconfidence.aliabdaal.com/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=video&utm_campaign=important_skill
  2. @YanaMartinkova [1 likes]: I am on my journey to talk to the camera and this video helps a lot. Thanks ! ❤
  3. @enriquehernandez7070 [1 likes]: I absolutely loved the bonus tip at the end about sending video messages to friends! Such a simple yet powerful way to get comfortable on camera without the pressure. Definitely going to start doing that more – thank you! 💪 (and of course, just practicing more and more often by actually recording myself)
  4. @hishambauomy1791 [1 likes]: Very useful Tips Thanks
  5. @RiseWithPawan [1 likes]: I am working on everyday to develop this skill. Who's with me😊
  6. @skypixels-tv [1 likes]: thank you for the lesson, I wonder to see warm up. I usually do it without knowing that it increases my confidence!
  7. @avni.rathod: Very helpful video, explained clearly and easy to understand
  8. @FromTheLandOfFire: I’ve noticed that embracing your awkwardness can really help boost your self-confidence.
  9. @BaitullahMohammadi-s1h: How can I represent everything without memorization 
Dear Ali❤
  10. @melindameszaros3483: Useful tips but influncers who speak this fast make my nervous system overstimulated. Slow down a bit pls.
  11. @MehranKhan-uv8dy: really helpful ❤
  12. @RiseAboveAudiobook: Your video has been of great help to improve myself, Gracias 🙏🏽
  13. @thevladyslav_kl: Ali's point about just pressing record and doing reps is so underrated. But here's what accelerated my progress - I paired the reps with actual feedback. I started running my recordings through Creator Voice - its an AI that analyzes your tone, pacing, energy, filler words and gives you a breakdown of exactly whats working and what isnt. Its like having a vocal coach review every take. The mindset tips in this video + objective voice data = confidence that actually sticks because youre not just guessing anymore
  14. @mimibeefree: Oh the singing tip is great! Dancing would be the ticket for me - thanks!
  15. @Jibutalkz: Thankyou ❤ bro
  16. @BharatiyaSports: 9:24 Bro Just Used A Hindi Metaphor & Translated In English!
  17. @syedainsia2619: why you look like joe Golberg!
  18. @nzecomsolutions: Great content & tips thanks
  19. @portraitofalion: "Ali Abdaal gave you 1 free month of Skillshare". Where's the course? Confusing. A daed end.
  20. @chinnysimperio: Thank you!

- BEGINNER’S GUIDE to CAMERA CONFIDENCE | How to talk to a camera for YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en you're ready to film a video sit down in front of your camera press record and immediately forget how to talk sound familiar it's a scenario that almost everyone faces when they're first learning how to talk to a camera you fidget with your hair or clothes you make awkward direct eye contact with your camera lens and when you do manage to get out some words you end up sounding like a grocery store checkout machine hello welcome to my video please scan your first item it's very upsetting and demoralizing and if it sounds like you you've come to the right place by the end of this video you'll learn all the actionable tips and techniques you need to go from making awkward eye contact to talking to your camera with confidence and ease I'm aprilyn alter and this is the beginner's guide to camera confidence tip number one free talking similar to how in writing it's very difficult to start from a blank page in filming it's difficult to start from complete silence there's this technique called free writing to help writers overcome writer's block while free writing the author writes down their thoughts quick quickly and continuously without any regard for form style or even grammar anything goes it's just a way for them to get the ball rolling without getting in their own way I like to do something similar when it's time to film a new video I call it free talking the premise is simple when you're ready to film a new video go to your setup get positioned in front of your camera and press record but instead of launching directly into the content of your video just talk ramble for a bit anything goes you can literally start by saying wow this feels very unnatural and uncomfortable I'm sitting by myself in an empty room just talking to a camera that has no soul if I look very deeply into it I can see a mini reflection of myself and that's unnerving keep the camera rolling and continue talking like this for around 10 minutes or however long it takes for you to start speaking more naturally only then do you launch into the real content of your video feeling a little bit more comfortable than you did before I did this a lot when I was first starting out on YouTube and I still do this now the great part is that all of the rambly stuff in the beginning can very easily be cut out in the editing process it's such a simple thing but can really do wonders to get you more warmed up and speaking more naturally tip number two the zoom method at this point most of us spend a significant amount of time on video calls we have meetings with remote co-workers or we're taking classes online maybe we're just hanging out with someone from a different state let's use that to our advantage when building camera confidence you know when you're on a video call and you want to make it seem like you're making eye contact with the person that you're talking to so you look into that little camera at the top of your laptop we're already trained to talk while looking into our computer webcams well you can actually hook up most cameras to use as your webcam for video calls it's Bonkers I know there's usually some sort of software that can help you do this and you can usually get that for free for example if you have a Sony camera you can download the Imaging Edge software for free just make sure your camera is such the right setting check out the Imaging Edge website for more specific instructions then hook it up to your computer position it where you want it and select Imaging Edge as the video Source on your computer now when you're in meetings or in classes you can practice making direct eye contact to your camera you're still in a live conversation talking to a real person so it'll feel more more natural than just sitting in an empty room by yourself talking to a camera but because you're looking into your camera you're building your camera confidence muscle and becoming more familiar with your camera and as an added bonus your video call Quality will be significantly better than if you're just using a built-in webcam before tip number three name your camera you know how kids will often name their favorite stuffed animals or blankets it allows them to build a deeper connection with their named toy you can do the same thing with your camera building a sense of familiarity and kinship it can help make it feel like you're talking to a real entity with its own personality as opposed to a lifeless soulless hunk of metal plastic and glass it's not for everyone but try it out and then every time you go to record just think okay it's time to go talk to Gloria it might make things just a little bit easier tip number four be prepared I don't know about you but I'm not good at improv being prepared for your videos can take you a long way spontaneous speaking is hard enough without the added pressure of being filmed the more prepared you are for the content of your video the easier of a time you'll have on camera you don't need to have everything scripted out word for word but at the very least have an outline of bullet points of what you want to say it'll help keep you on target so you don't ramble too much it's comforting to know that you have something written down to keep you on track as opposed to staring at your camera with nothing to go off of a little side note on bulleted outlines versus full scripts to outline or to script that is the question both methods can work and it's up to you to decide what works best for you individually they write down just enough so that they feel comfortable with what they're going to say and then they just Riff to the camera this allows you to speak more naturally because you're not just reciting words off of a paper on the other hand some people work better off of scripts that's what I do I script out my entire video word for word I'll read a line or two from a square strip over here and then I'll look into my camera and say them and then repeat and then in my editing process I cut everything together so that it seems seamless whichever method you choose truly depends on the person I've tried bulleted outlines but just didn't feel very natural for me my thoughts felt scrambled and it took me a lot of time to figure out what I wanted to say sure my video prep took a shorter period of time but the filming itself and the amount of time it took to edit a final cut that actually made sense took much longer scripting feels more natural to me because I'm a stronger writer than I am a speaker I can also write like I talk so that when I do read off of my script it still seems natural to me and hopefully to you as a viewer it doesn't feel like I'm reading off the script it just feels like I'm talking but seriously this is what my script looks like it's literally these exact words crazy right but that's just me for other people writing everything out might seem too formal or too forced they may feel like scripting adds additional pressure to get every word correct scraping out your videos also means taking a lot more time for video prep so take that into account as well there are huge successful YouTubers who script out their videos and they're a huge successful YouTubers who just use bullets there's no right or wrong answer here I'd recommend trying both options to see what feels right for you but anyway back to camera confidence tip number five the mirror method I love this one once you've prepared your video whether it's a script or a bulleted outline take the time to say your entire video into a camera start to finish the entire thing it helps take the pressure off because there's no camera pointed at you it can help you better understand what to say and what dots to connect especially if you're just working off of an outline then when you go to speak on camera it's not your first time saying these things you've already said everything once before it feels a whole lot better talking through something if you've already said the entire thing before tip number six look good feel good you know that study about students dressing better for tests it found that those who wore clothes that they perceived as more professional performed better and had improved focus on tests it's not because dressing up made them know the material any better but it helped get them into the right mindset to recall the information I'm not telling you to show up on camera wearing a three-piece suit but how you dress does affect you psychologically an easy way to instantly feel more comfortable on camera is simply to wear something that you feel good at wear your favorite shirt the one that you received compliments on if wearing form-fitting clothing makes you feel more exposed wear something a little looser if you feel more confident with your hair done and your makeup on rock it it's a lot easier to feel confident on camera if you feel like you look good it's worth putting a little extra effort into appearance if you feel better doing so tip number seven get into the zone there's a reason why so many movies feature inspiring speeches cheers and chants but right before a big sports game rallying matters if football players went straight into their games without getting hyped up their performance would be lackluster Ravens response [Applause] the same can be said for filming take some time before you start filming to Hype yourself up to psych yourself up let yourself be silly run through tongue twisters last music on max volume and throw yourself a dance party whatever it is that you land on come up with a pre-filming ritual to get you psyched up jazzed and ready to go getting into the Zone before filming can do wonders for how you present on camera tip number eight talk to just one person if you've watched any other video out there giving advice or camera confidence you've definitely heard this one before yes it's advice that everybody gives but I'd be remiss to leave it out so here it is when you speak on camera don't focus on all of the people who may or may not be watching your video this type of thinking can be intimidating of course you'll freeze up and be awkward there are very few people in the world who feel comfortable talking to tens or hundreds or thousands of people at the same time instead just focus on one person maybe it's someone you know maybe it's someone who's watched your previous videos before and said nice things maybe it's even a made-up audience Persona that you've created for yourself whoever it is try acting as if you're just speaking to them if it's helpful you may even print out a little picture and put it right next to your camera lens so that you feel like you're really talking to them it can help everything feel a little bit more natural like you're just having a one-sided conversation as opposed to giving a public speech last but not least for our camera confidence tips today create a blooper reel obviously this does depend largely on your Niche and what types of videos that you're creating but if you're trying to build more of a community Through Your videos include a little blooper reel to have your viewers get to know the more authentic genuine you no one's perfect in fact viewers are increasingly seeking out content that feels more real more genuine and less scripted creating a blooper reel also helps you with your mindset around having slip UPS while filming everything can be content and the worst of slip up the funnier the blooper reel using this mindset messing up feels almost encouraged and whether or not you choose to include a blooper reel with your content your mindset can be the same mess ups are truly not a big deal that's the magic of editing you don't need to be perfect on the first take or the second or the third it's not uncommon for me to repeat the same sentence 10 times before I finally feel comfortable with that take but you never know it because it's all edited together in one neat little package you don't need to be perfect so take the pressure off of yourself have fun with it be goofy try new things it'll all come together in post-production and speaking of post-production what exactly should you keep in mind while editing your YouTube videos for the basics of editing for YouTube check out this video otherwise thank you so much for watching like And subscribe if you can and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoWorldOfficial [2 likes]: proof of consistency is key is literally ur growth from this video to where ur at now
  2. @AniciaEstrategia [1 likes]: Gracias 😂... Yo soy de las que parezco a un robot ... Me bloqueo y me cuesta hilar las ideas. Aplicaré tu método ❤
  3. @healthymentalpower [1 likes]: What a valuable gem you are! Thank you. I will be watching this video over and over as needed.
  4. @AprilynneAlter: If you want to work directly with me & my team to help grow your YouTube channel, the Fall Cohort of my YouTube accelerator program starts on August 31st!

It's called 90 Day Breakthrough, and you can learn more and apply here: https://90dbt.com/

It's a 12-week, highly structured, hands-on program featuring lessons, live sessions with me and my team, personalized feedback, creator well-being sessions, and more all centered around the exercises and activities that actually drive results on YouTube

I love making YouTube videos, but if you want a higher, more personal level of support, I'd highly recommend applying before spots fill up!
  5. @MarvinTheMonkey-n1l: oh my gosh I literally can’t relate to you more because I've constantly been debating with myself about whether or not I should be doing this as a hobby for goodness sakes I once listened back to my voice and I immediately stopped recording that's why I'm even watching this video in the first place bottom line is that this video is so life saving that I swear if I ever met you face to face I'd be so grateful I could hug you if I wanted to thank you for making this video
  6. @annamaria-8698: Thanks! Your advices helped me a lot with organising myself to speak in front of camera! <3
  7. @meditationandmusic9725: Hidden gems for Creators
  8. @Sapphic.Healer: It sounds like me .. awkward.. how to get better
  9. @coachyem-r9m: Thank you for your advice ❤
  10. @Fem_youtube-q5d: I can't face the camera confidently so I think drinking alcohol (little) can help a bit. I guess 😂
  11. @SuriyaNaturalHelathFarsi: Tip 2 is vague how! What
  12. @WisdombySam: Thanks! This video is so helpful!
  13. @sunilsikarwarr1860: good video it has very practical ways i'll try some of them to over come my camera shyness
  14. @Tadesexperience21: Helpful Chanel ever❤
  15. @Marjoriesecretspace: Fantastic video with a lot of great information! ❤
  16. @LindaMartyn: I just watched 5 videos on Camera Confidence.  Yours is the best! Thanks.
  17. @jamesquophy3061: Very useful
  18. @WOLF01001: Change the thumbnail and change the title like mm 7 top secrrts you dont know about talking to camara
  19. @Shimo_Street: great advice
  20. @Criticar_Es_Gratis: Wow! You're such a great explainer!!! And really, really useful information! Thank you!!

- He Talked To Camera EVERYDAY For 30 Days: Awkward to Confident!: Kind: captions Language: en if you were given the task right now to go and talk to camera there's a good chance you might feel a sense of dread thoughts might come into your brain like but I'm awkward on camera I just don't know how to express my ideas I hate watching myself back even worse than all of these I would love to but I'm just not talented people often dismiss the YouTubers and the public speakers As Natural or born good at talking on camera and this is quite frustrating see when I first started talking to camera I literally didn't have any Talent at all look at my first attempt hi it's Tom here and I'm just doing my first video blog I'm basically just trying to do this uh being myself rather than kind of acting uh so this got me thinking what if I got somebody else and transformed their ability to talk to camera in just 30 days [Music] hi I'm Thomas and when I'm not playing music and making films I like to help other people learn how to make better videos and also improve how they talk to canva I've just moved to London which is where a good mate of mine lives called Matt Matt's 32 years old runs his own digital marketing business and enjoys road trips hiking and good food one morning we caught up for a coffee and I asked him if he was interested in learning how to talk to camera being a business owner he already knew that being able to talk to camera would help him out a ton with his marketing and social media so he was actually looking for a way to learn what are you watching this for I don't know anything I'm just a guy in a racing jacket on the internet I told him about my online course the talk to Camera Pro 30-day challenge and he decided to give it a shot not knowing what the next 30 days would hold we got him set up on day one of the challenge that very same morning foreign camera challenge just officially started your first assignment is to go right now and record yourself talking on camera alright so we are with Matt right now he's currently watching the talk to Camera Pro course and we're quickly going to get him set up now with the tripod and iPhone a shot I don't know what to talk about this is a very common problem when you first set up your camera to start talking to it it might come out looking something like this hi guys that's my first video um currently I'm in a flock of bat a block a flat but once Matt got going he was in the flow first time round and did a pretty good job good at connecting and as you're just being confident and authentic on camera and ultimately just I mean the whole point of doing this is to build marketing content and I'm already sensing this like overwhelming desire to speak in a corporate way just by looking at the camera I'm not talking to it like it's a real person with day one out the way in the wall chart crossed off I asked Matt about why he was taking this challenge in the first place so the reason I want to get better at talking to camera is largely for my business so I can create um marketing videos where I don't have to rely on kind of more generic voice over artists so don't connect with a customer and I can actually be myself and be a Salesman on video I don't know when I'm especially on camera I'm like I talk very awkwardly so it'd be nice to just be able to talk confidently I guess being authentic like coming across well this is one of the best ways to get people online to trust you without having met you if you can talk authentically and comfortably on camera then you have one of the most powerful tools to create a community and make a living from it online I would say I'm more nervous and excited about the next 30 days I mean let's just say I'm excited to see the results at the end of it okay transformation and what I can do and so with a little trepidation Matt started his journey hey Tom you can see from my sweatiness I have actually done the exercise and I'm gonna try not to be a presenter while I talk on camera today okay here we go video number four hey welcome to day whatever this is here's some examples scroll down this page and there will be for example for other clients and case studies I'm gonna try to um get a bit of energy in me and just talk a bit more range a bit more Diana's bad bad news today's challenge is to not use the word um things I'm passionate about don't really make me come alive so literally look ridiculous right now so after this I'm going to turn off the dishwasher because it has this remarkable ability to just constantly beep throughout the night unless I open the door and close it again after two weeks it was time to check in hey day 14 day 14. that had been super committed recording a five to ten minute video every day he's been ticking off those boxes if I'm not wrong day 14 is about reflecting on your sticking points so we're gonna watch the module now and then crack into it alright welcome to day 14 of the 30 day talking on camera challenge we are at the end of week two so Matt what do you think your sticking points are I think the most important one I'm really struggling with is talking from my diaphragm like having a deep a resonant voice the other thing I found is I keep scratching when I'm being filmed like I'm always like I didn't notice I'm doing it on scratching and just doing this kind of stuff the third thing sounding more I don't know if I always pick an example like Casey neistat how he's very like authentic yeah loud so in this module Matt had to focus on his sticking points whilst talking about something in the future okay in today's video is day 14 but it's just one of those cities where you really feel like you're in nature and you have access to just amazing food and amazing atmospheres and like a high energy environment which yeah watching him go through day 14 was awesome even though he was slightly frustrated at his own habits I could see that he was way more comfortable on camera already I also wanted to give Matt an additional tip inspired by the king of Vlogs Casey neistat now and I want to give you a quick exercise is kind of like different because you mentioned Casey neistat right try and play with your proximity to the camera and you're feeling a bit weird at first but you know literally Casey and I said it's always doing it yeah he's like yeah so like I had this idea and what it is is like doing this and this great hotel room I gotta go I gotta go back to New York now try and do that kind of stuff okay so I want to tell you a little secret about what I want to do in my life it is I want to get perhaps the house is going to be the main thing here but in order to have the house I want to have the cat I'm talking absolutely nonsense I'm more focused on that here's the thing it's not as simple as just having the house you need to have the golden river of gold coins funding everything that comes with it so you have the golden river over here you have a house over here and this is the main secret this is the one thing that no one else is thinking of right now cuts a different background I don't know what I'm thinking is what are you watching this for I don't know anything I'm just a guy in a racing jacket on the internet yeah I've definitely improved in ways I didn't expect yeah now that I watched what I'm doing now versus what I was doing then and I missed I was completely blind to what I was doing wrong I think I'm more energetic on the camera now and I'm not there yet but I'm slowly becoming more myself more comfortable making jokes um kind of making myself laugh and being a lot more energetic on camera and I've basically removed um this was awesome progress Matt did exactly the right thing and focused on gaining more Comfort whilst talking to camera rather than gaining more confidence talking to camera which always shines through more authentically I'm excited to try new things and actually try to make more fun videos now like I'm actually like oh I'm gonna like try to do something creative in this video which I don't think I've even been able to do before so with a new confidence and clear objectives the challenge continued all right guys in this video special treat oh dude an unboxing Video Express an idea Express a frustration Express a concept just throw it out all right all right all right okay this video is no bullet points unfiltered garbage we need to have a working headline and this is ultimately the most important part of any landing pages what is the offer okay guys and welcome to day 27 or 28 I'm not actually sure what day you're on right now when I listen to my audio especially when I use the professional microphone it actually sounds quite good like it doesn't sound like really dull or monotone it doesn't sound very boring or unprofessional it actually sounds like I'm on a podcast or something like it it's very very kind of exciting to see it was time for the final check-in dude all right hey there welcome to day 30. how are you feeling I'm nervous now I know you got a big cat all right this is day 30 and Matt is playing some emotional piano to Mark the end of what has been an Epic Journey okay so as we can see the 30 day talking to camera chart he's on day 30 today so he's going to be doing his last video all right what's up welcome to day 30 of the 30 day talking on camera challenge this is it this is the last day you do today's video and you have officially completed the challenge all right setting up the tripod for the last time Matt was ready for one final delivery It's the final video day 30 of my 30-day challenge of learning sword camera and I have to say having watched some of the videos I've done it's actually been awesome it's been insane to see the Improvement I've made from when I started to where I am now and a lot of the changes were things I would never have picked up on myself even if I was filming myself and doing just like a camera exercise every day was little exercises that were kind of been really like some of them were just things I was already good at but everyone's really targeted things I wasn't even aware I was doing wrong I I don't know like I was watching myself I was watching a video of myself yesterday and I felt like damn this actually sounds professional I'm actually talking like I'm on a professional podcast and not like some some idiot they gave a mic to originally I got into this thinking I just want to be able to to be on a video promoting my business because I knew that would help but now starting to think actually I want to be making videos more often I want to see where I can take this and like the idea now of like making say a YouTube channel or something where I'm delivering content in a high quality high production value way where I can build a bit of an audience and I'm seeing like it's almost like new avenues of like where I can go as a person in my own kind of video journey I guess it's starting to now resemble something that I see actually you know this could be something I could be really good at and it is crazy how quick I was able to progress and start to see those differences I love the idea of making a channel now of content and I don't know I guess in the past that's kind of been a fantasy but now I think I could probably do it and now it makes me want to kind of like revisit those old dreams of making videos and seeing how I how they come across now with an actual good chance of them being watchable if you want to improve your talking to camera then I've included a couple of resources in the description below to help you out first off is a free talk to camera cheat sheet it's like a one-page PDF that you can print out and have next to you when you are talking to camera to refer to secondly you'll find a link to join talk to Camera Pro which is the 30-day style challenge program that Matt took in this video I'll either see you over there or in the next video on this channel until next time bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasAlexNorman [2 likes]: 👋🏼 Join us inside the 30 Day Talk To Camera Challenge today! https://www.portalcreative.com/30-day-talking-to-camera-challenge-full-program?video=-asNGo75Wv8

🚀 Work with me directly: https://www.portalcreative.com/nss-waitlist?video=-asNGo75Wv8
  2. @Shahriarkabir0011 [1 likes]: Because of this video, I'm doing a 30-day challenge of recording and posting on YouTube, no matter how cringeworthy the posts are. I'm on day 9, and I honestly have no idea where I'm going with the channel lol
  3. @NoScrewsLoose: i just watched Bro talk to a camera for 13 minutes... it was actually entertaining  :popcorn-yellow-striped-smile:
  4. @Corncan2: I did theater at University. I was the lead in 3 different plays and was in several others. Being on stage and performing for a thousand people mutliple times, I SHOULD have the confidence to speak on camera... But no, I see a lense and I shut down. Its almost like my brain sabotages me because I say the first dumb thing that comes to mind.
  5. @rumexcrispus: Who is this person named camera you want to talk to?   Why no article?
  6. @TermiteValley: But what is Matt's full name and what's his digital marketing business. I want to look him up and see how things are progressing. Did he make new videos? Is he appearing on videos on his own website? I have a lot of questions.
  7. @El7Boyfriend: Literally...this is me. I want to do content badly but speaking into a camera terrifies me.
  8. @jamesnaylor1017: I just subscribed to you - darn it!
  9. @markfixiemusic: Let me start today after this video, l want to come back after 30 days to see my progress
  10. @priya55mahajan: Really nice video, kept it simple and easy to understand 👌
  11. @T3RRYSMITHFITNESS: That whole bit sounds exactly like me when I decided to start my channel: “Being myself rather than acting…” 0:40
  12. @goal7779: Awsome transformation!
  13. @3delsteinYT: MatPat really went crazy on this one
  14. @TheLongC: Imagine doing this when English is not your first language. That’s tough 😂
  15. @MrBsizelove: I'm terrified of talking to people one on one, or in groups... I was an X-Ray tech for 40 + years and could handle above and beyond the necessary interactions with patients and their family members...  but, take me out of that environment and a totally shut down....  I can type a novel in comments, but, verbal skills and eye contact evade me...  gonna try your exercise and see how that goes!   Thanks for the video
  16. @thevladyslav_kl: This transformation is genuinely inspiring. The day 1 vs day 30 difference shows that camera confidence is a skill you build, not something you're born with. I went through a similar journey and what really helped me accelerate was recording myself daily and using Creator Voice to analyze my tone, energy, and pacing each session. Seeing objective data on how I was improving gave me the motivation to keep going even when I felt ridiculous talking to a lens. Anyone reading this who feels awkward on camera — just start. Commit to 30 days like this video shows and track your progress. You'll be shocked at how quickly you level up.
  17. @Alma-xx: Loved to see that journey!
  18. @esther.odulana: Kudos. You're  is doing a great job! His growth is so glaring
  19. @Alcohol-freetoultra: Great vid !
  20. @dmcollectorslounge: I know the next stage to my business growing is connecting with my target audience. Nice video and the journey continues trying to get comfortable on camera

- INSTANTLY Look Natural on Video (4 Simple Hacks): Kind: captions Language: en Sunny Lenarduzzi: You may or may not know that when I first started my career, I was actually a journalist or a reporter and I have interviewed a lot of people on camera and I've been on the camera for a very long time. Cameras do weird things to people, so I wanted to break down through all my years of experience four ways to instantly look better on camera. Quick tip before we dive in. There is nothing more uncomfortable than watching someone who is uncomfortable on camera. Your viewers and audience want you to look relaxed so they can sit back, relax, and enjoy your content. You got this. The first thing that will instantly make you look better on camera is something I call the “S & B Combo.” There's a funny thing that happens when you get nervous, and sometimes you forget to smile and you also forget to blink. The reason video is so powerful for your business, your brand, and it's just a really big part of our world now is because it makes you build a trust factor with the person watching. But people don't trust you if you look like a serial killer. Is this the way you look like when you're really, really nervous on camera and you can't quite think of what to do with your hand ... That was so hard! Keep your mouth relaxed, think of something happy, smile, and it sends an actual physical reaction through your body to just sort of breathe and that does make you look more comfortable and more confident on camera. The reason that video is so important in building your business and your brand is that it builds trust, so you want to make sure that you don't have the serial killer vibes and that you have trustworthy vibes on camera. How do you actually implement this when you're still not used to it? All you have to do is watch yourself back. What I would when I was first working in media is I would do a bunch of different exercises on camera, I would interview friends and family on camera, and I would see what my presence actually looked like and I would pick out the things that I liked and then work on the things that I didn't like. Don't shame yourself, don't be embarrassed, it's not natural to talk to a camera, so it feels weird at the beginning. Bosses, let's have a moment of honesty. Have you ever watched your footage and thought to yourself, “I look a little like a serial killer.” If you have, put serial killer in the comments below. I'm one of those people. The second way to instantly look better on camera is to stop thinking about the camera as a camera. One thing that I would do when I was first starting out talking on camera is I would either visualize or I would actually put a picture of a friend or a family member on my camera, so it made me feel like I was talking directly to them. Makes things a lot easier, makes you feel a little more comfortable and at ease, and it makes you remember that you're not talking to millions or hundreds of people even, you're talking to one person. That's how you build a connection with video, that's how you build a connection on camera. If you can visually think of someone in your head who would make you feel comfortable, maybe it's your mom or your best friend or your boyfriend or your husband, whoever it may be, think of them. If it makes it even easier, put the picture near the camera so it makes you feel like that you're having that one-to-one conversation. Comment below, let me know who you are thinking of when you feel you're most comfortable and you're most confident on camera. The third way to instantly look better on camera — I'm going to stand up for this one — is your posture. When you feel uncomfortable, your tendency is to sort of protect yourself and move your body inwards. That makes you hunch and look down and not make eye contact. You don't trust people who don't make eye contact with you, so when you're on video and you can't look directly at the lens, which is really looking at another human being in the eyes, you come across as shady and untrustworthy. First things first is the eye contact piece of it which means you need to have your chin up, buttercup, and you also need to make sure your shoulders are back. So if I'm feeling uncomfortable on camera, this is what it looks like. I'm seriously and expert and you should probably really listen to me ... Most importantly, you're looking directly at the lens. Do you feel like I'm talking directly to you right now? If you do, let me know in the comments below. That's what good camera presence does, it creates this kind of a connection, but you need to actually make eye contact in order to do that. The final way to look really comfortable on camera is preparation. What I used to do is when I was going live at some location in the middle nowhere and there was a bunch of distractions around me, I actually would keep my notes in my back pocket, and I'd also give another copy of my notes to my cameraman or I would tape it somewhere in and around the camera on the tripod. I usually didn't end up even using those notes, but just the safety and comfort of knowing that they were somewhere that I could look at in case I froze, which has happened before, it made me feel a lot more confident and comfortable and made me present myself in a much more comfortable way. Preparation is key, so knowing what you want to talk about, and also keeping in mind, you are an expert at whatever topic it is that you're talking about, so know that and really kind of pep talk yourself, and that's part of preparation. Pep talk yourself into knowing, “I know what I'm talking about, I've been talking about this for years and years and years, if someone asked me at a party what I do for a living or what I'm passionate about,” you could go on for days. It is no different when you're talking to camera. So prepare, prepare, prepare, and the one thing I will say about preparation ... I often get asked this question and a lot of you bosses had asked me this ... Should I get a teleprompter and should I read from notes when I'm filming my videos? I actually don't think that you should because it makes you come across much more stiff and you're more focused on getting the words right on screen than you are coming across natural and comfortable. What I do instead is when you're doing a pre-produced video, the wonderful thing is, film it in small sections. That way, you're not trying to memorize and entire script and go through the whole thing at once; I can't even do that. What I do instead is I break it down by intro, which is a few sentences, I know those, I know the gist of what I want to say. I film it, if I screw up, I film it again. Now, I'm issuing you a challenge boss. The only way to get comfortable on camera is to see yourself on camera a lot. What I want you to do is pull out your phone and use Instagram Stories or Snapchat, whatever platform you want to use, film yourself, and save it or send it directly to me or tag me some way somehow @SunnyLenarduzzi and show me that you've done this exercise, because I promise you, the only reason you're super nervous about being on camera is because you haven't done it a lot. I've just been doing this for over a decade, so for me it ain't no thing. But when I first started, I totally got the nerves. Now that you know how to be comfortable on camera, make sure you check out my last video on how to make a professional video at home because you are ready to go now. You have all the steps that you need to be comfortable on camera. Click the link around this video to check out the video on how to make a professional video at home. It shows you everything you need to know, and then you're set to go. If you liked this video, remember to hit that like button below, share it with your fellow bosses or someone who does really get nervous on camera, comment below with your favorite tip or your favorite trick or hack that I shared, or one that you have that you can share with our community of bosses on how to get comfortable on camera. If you're new here, welcome, and make sure you hit that subscribe button and click the bell to get notified every time I post a new video, which is every single week. Thank you so much for watching, you got this, I've got your back, I can't wait to see your videos, and I'll see you soon, boss.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SunnyLenarduzzi [69 likes]: Thanks for watching, Boss! Who are you thinking of when you feel your most comfortable and confident on camera? Comment below with your favorite trick to get comfortable on camera! 😊
  2. @rachelmoss1967 [2 likes]: This is the first great video that has really helped me, and great it is coming from an expert on camera. Thanks Sunny. Just followed you on IG xx
  3. @profmubashirhussain [2 likes]: Best video. You have won my trust. I will watch all your videos to improve my camera skills
  4. @profmubashirhussain [2 likes]: Thinking about my beloved makes me feel great
  5. @eloisesjohnson28 [1 likes]: Thanks. more than anything you said knowing how I freeze before I talk is natural. I did think of putting up a person's face. I must relax enough to blink. LOL
  6. @jtough7499 [1 likes]: I always worry about my hands...I'm not Italian but act like it lol
  7. @gbcautoworks [1 likes]: 😂 serial killer
  8. @carnalcowboy3481: Great video! Such good tips.
  9. @disland64: Knowledge Base
  10. @Just_A_Plant_Parent: Hey! This was REALLY useful! I am thinking of doing a face reveal on my socials and have been researching some ways to improve the way I show myself on camera! Thank you! 🫶💚🌱🪴
  11. @iuliamihai2498: This looks like it was filmed in Coal Harbour, Vancouver 🇨🇦🍁
  12. @myamazingworld-33: Thank you so much! 🙏😊❤
  13. @koyel1006: Super nice mam. I m from India.
  14. @mehedifoysal363: Definitely you look natural on camera.
  15. @gamebuster800: I filmed myself today for the first time and I didn't look like a serial killer (i think?) but I do look REALLY awkward. Also, reading the script that I put right above the camera really didn't help
  16. @DavidDoyle7166: Awesome tips! Thanks Sunny Lenarduzzi
  17. @KaerstenCW: Good advice thank you 😊
  18. @WestSeaSpirit: God this was so helpful thank you so much! The issue with me is I have OCD where I've obsessively want to change myself all the time. It's very hard for me to stick with what was successful! Weird huh? Sometimes I feel extremely uncomfortable because I constantly think about what people will think about me.

The most helpful tip was filming in sections and re-recording. Sometimes I feel like I need to commit to failure and then I double and triple down on those tiny mistakes I could have easily taken care of. Cheers
  19. @mckem4: Serial Killer 😂
  20. @Stevenpbradshaw: serial killer

- Give Me 5 Minutes and I'll Help You Sound More "Natural" on Camera: Kind: captions Language: en Give me just 5 minutes of your time and I'll help you improve your communication so that you'll sound more natural on camera. The reality is doing what I'm currently doing is not natural. No one comes born out of the womb great at communicating with a camera. No, this is not something that human beings have done for thousands of years. This is something that we've only started to do in the last 20 maybe 30 years. The reality is we expect ourselves to be good at this because we have this illusion in our minds that when we watch our favorite YouTubers, our favorite Instagrammers, our favorite communication coaches, when we see them on camera doing this thing, we go, "Oh, oh, that's just talking. That should be easy. I know how to talk. I should be able to do this." And then you switch the camera on and you go, "Can can you is it?" And then you're just extremely awkward and you go, "What the freak? Why can't I do this? Why do I suck at this?" It's even more strange because our brain starts working against us. So your brain is going to go, "Ah, you're being too much. Oh, you're overdoing it. Oh, you're you're exaggerating your hand gestures. You're you're you're trying." And and then your brain starts working against you. So you have to work through your own mindset challenges while you're practicing this. You have to practice delivery skills. You have to learn so many different things. You've got to understand that this is a skill like anything else. When you think of a pianist, let's say you you want to become a better pianist. You want to learn how to become a better piano player. How would you do that? Ask yourself the question, how would you do that? You'd say, Vin, well, it's obvious. You just practice. And you're right. So, so, so what do you mean? Like, get really pragmatic for me. How do you practice? What the hell, Vin? You sit at the piano and you pract Yeah. Yeah, but but what else do you have to do? Well, you have to schedule, right? You've got a schedule. Okay, I'm going to practice for 45 minutes on Monday after school. I'm going to practice on on on Wednesdays after work from 6:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. I'm going do a 90-minute session there. So you'd practice and you'd schedule that practice. But the practice for piano is really straightforward. We'll sit at the piano and play. Okay. Well, then I'll ask you another question. How do you practice your communication skills? Ah, this is where people get stuck. People go, um, I don't know. I guess when I'm talking to other people because of that lack of clarity on how to actually practice your communication skills, as a result of that, people just don't improve their skill. So, how do you actually practice? You're not going to like this answer because how do you get more natural on camera? Record yourself more. And I mean dedicate yourself to the process by setting aside dedicating time, scheduling time to just practice recording a video, even if you never post the video. Say, "Every single Wednesday from 6:00 p.m. to 7:00, I'm going to sit down and record one or two videos." But why is that process so important? It's important because when you create the video, watch it back and just have one question in your head. What's one thing I can do better next week from watching this video? Ah, I noticed I barely used my hands and my hands were under the table. One thing I can do better, I'll bring my hands above the table and speak next time. And then you bring your hands above the table next week and you go, "Oh, cool. Uh, I I kept using this gesture. You know what? Next week, I'm going to try to create more complicated gestures, right? I'm going to increase my gesture vocabulary." Great. This is one of mine. I keep touching my glasses. Damn it, Ven. It's cuz my skin gets really oily and my glasses are thick framed and they're heavy. They keep sliding down. Damn you, oily skin. It's an oily skin thing. and only my oily skin friends will know what that feels like and is like and then also who wear thick frames. Anyway, I want to show you a quick before and after example of a student of mine. His name's Austin and he recorded a video of himself speaking to camera and within just a few weeks, not even months, just a few weeks of recording and reviewing himself, I want you to watch the difference, hear the difference, and feel the difference in energy. When you have 10 seconds of toxicity, don't waste the 86,390 seconds you have left. Don't waste the rest of this precious, special, and amazing gift we've been given of life. So, that volume I think is a key aspect and that's something I'm going to focus on as well as pitch because that's just kind of an exciting funny. There's a lot of elements to pitch that really can bring about some energy to it. Oh, I'm so proud of you, Austin. I'm so proud of you. This was such an incredible recording review session. Now, you see, in the first video that he did, Austin recognizes that, hm, I don't have enough volume there. I need to have more volume, and I also need more pitch variety. And in the second video, he immediately injects those two qualities in, and it completely transforms the way he comes across. And this is more subtle, but I don't know if you noticed it in the first video. He also noticed that when he was sitting down, he came across a little lethargic, low energy. So, in the second video, when he stood, what did that do? That allowed him to use more of his body language. That also allowed him to come across with more vitality and energy. Can you see how powerful it is just going through that record and review process just once? He made three changes and it completely transformed the way he came across. Now, the question that you might be asking yourself at this point is, Vin, how do I know what to look for when I'm watching my videos back? Last month, I created a brand new workbook that's completely free that's going to take you through this exact record and review process that's going to tell you what to look for. You can download this PDF just by clicking the link in the description below. And I want to say one more thing here. Don't be so addicted to knowledge acquisition. Most people won't take action. They just keep consuming and consuming and consuming and they don't apply the things they learn. So be a part of the 1% who's addicted instead to knowledge application and dedicate yourself to this process. And I want to ask you to dedicate yourself to doing one video a week. Schedule it. You'll notice that by week 10, you will have the flow you're looking for. You're going to become a different person within two to three months.

  Top Comments:
  1. @askvinh [33 likes]: Download FREE 30 Day Game Plan PDF ➡ https://bit.ly/3ZEHNg3
  2. @praff5308: I give you NITHING. Fake Asian.
  3. @Bookchangelives: Today i have to record myself and when i see myself i feel so awkward i don’t know what am gonna do
  4. @NormanVsNorman: Love this video! Question mate: What are you thoughts on using teleprompter? I've been using it for a while now, cause I dont think I'm good with talking without a script. But, I'm afraid is becoming something I depend on exclusively. Thanks for sharing!
  5. @Sparkykerb: Thanks 🙏🏻
  6. @jackrabbitdude80: seems like a lot of unnatural suggestions to be more "natural" lol
  7. @CoralCousins-w4z: Thank you very much. I really needed to hear that this was a skill we needed to build up with practice, because I have been feeling like “what the hell is wrong with me”, so you telling me that this is not the same as talking that is a completely different skill helps me a lot. And your advice is very helpful, thank you so much. I’m gonna look at my past videos, see what I like and dislike about how I project my voice, and start recording my next video.
  8. @offical_kallyposh: In all when you do it over and over again you’d know areas to improve on. Thanks
  9. @MiharyAndriamihary: Thank you 🙏🏼
  10. @ChidinmaGbulie-t7i: Hi Vinh , I tried to do that ur speaking on random word challenge and I didn’t have anything to say on All the words that were generated and even if I did to speak about it for even a minute seems too long🤧.what do I do??
  11. @its_amanj: Nice video, the editing tips were simple, clear, and useful for beginners 👍
  12. @nirmalpatel5920: Thanks 👍
  13. @onlinesurfer8725: thanks man good vid
  14. @KenSTACKS: Another thing i feel like people should practice too is talking at different shot angles and sizes. Sometimes certain things that you might have been lax or about on a full body shot like facial emotions might not translate to a medium closeup or a headshot, movement too.
  15. @TheAishaOM: THANK YOU FOR THIS WKNDERFUL VIDEO !!!
  16. @MrGrimlocke: I think the guy came across as much more natural in the first clip than in the second one. His hand movements and speech patterns seemed more forced to me in the second one
  17. @itzhamptertime: I just started tutoring online again after taking a break for several years, and I completely forgot how to act naturally in front of a webcam lol. This was very helpful, thanks! :)
  18. @vekash868: Thanks bro 👍
  19. @FiqnzOfficial: I fukin love this Vinh Giang Guy.
  20. @aayushshah1949: Thanks ❤

- How To Talk To Camera: The 3 FUNDAMENTALS: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? This is Thomas, and today we're going over the three fundamentals of talking to camera. Let's get straight into this. Number one is comfort, not confidence. We're not here to focus on being confident and being more than we actually are. Instead, we're focusing on being comfortable and relaxed. And when we are comfortable and relaxed, we can be more ourselves and more authentic. To build comfort on camera, it's two things. Number one is getting into state. So, it's doing different exercises before you talk to camera to be more relaxed and comfortable, which could be working out, doing exercise, doing a specific breathing exercise, shaking your body, etc. Getting more into your body and less in your mind will make you more comfortable when you deliver. And number two, it is repetition. So, the more you talk to camera, the more comfortable you will be on camera. So, if you haven't talked to camera before, do not expect yourself to be super comfortable on your first video. You might start getting comfortable on your 10th or your 15th video, rather than your first one. The second fundamental to talking well on camera is eye contact. One of the biggest mistakes people make when they're talking to camera is doing this, and looking at the screen, and checking themselves out while they're talking to camera, and it feels like they are not talking to you. They're kind of talking to themselves because they are talking to themselves cuz they're looking at themselves while they're talking to camera and checking out their mustache. So, instead, you got to look right down the lens. And you don't want to go too far the other way. You don't want to stare down the lens for 100% of the time and just be looking at that and talking to everyone like this because that might creep a few people out. So, instead, you can pause, you can look around, you can keep talking, and then come back. Like you would in a normal conversation. You might maintain eye contact most of the time when you're talking to somebody, and then you might also think about something you're saying and then come back to them. So, you want to maintain about 70-80% of eye contact on the camera, right in the lens, and the rest of the time you can look wherever you want. The third fundamental is dynamism. Even if you're comfortable on camera and you're maintaining eye contact, you might just be really comfortable and really staring at the lens and you might come across pretty dreamy, but you might not come across that engaging. So, you want to be dynamic in your delivery. So, how can you be more dynamic? The thing I struggled with a lot when I first started to talk to camera was a monotone voice. It can create videos and points and whilst kind of practicing at the same time the speaking skills. This monotone voice really made me quite boring to listen to. I would always be talking on the same level like this. So, you can do exercises such as deliberately being exaggerated in your intonation and talking in a a bigger range, bigger vocal range than you usually do, which is going to sound pretty weird and it's not going to sound natural and it might be kind of strange, but what this is going to do is over time help you to expand that vocal range and when you actually do come to talking to camera, it will come out more naturally, hopefully like I'm doing now, rather than the monotone that I had before. Other things you can do to make yourself more dynamic and enthusiastic is getting into state again before going on camera, so really shaking your body, maybe having a coffee, maybe just doing things to give you more energy and then talking with that energy. And the final thing that you can do to be more dynamic is explore different versions of yourself in a single video. So, I might be talking to you in a way that's very enthusiastic and engaged and trying to kind of get your attention and make it feel like I have something really important to say, but in the same video I might also take it down a notch and just for a moment talk a little bit slower and slightly more deep and introspective. And then to conclude the video, I might kind of ramp it up again and give it a more enthusiastic ending. So, you could see this as acting. I don't really like to call it acting. I don't even think of it as acting because I'm still being myself. I'm rooted in my own emotions. I'm connected to my body. I'm connected to myself when I'm doing this. And it might be somewhat of a performance that I am controlling. However, I'm still being authentic and still being myself. So, in that sense, I'm not acting even though I might be intentionally changing the way that I'm expressing myself. You can liken this to a social situation as well. If somebody's telling a great story, and a really engaging story, they might purposefully do some things to make that story a bit more engaging, and that doesn't mean they're acting. So, those are the three things. Number one, being comfortable. Number two, getting your eye contact on point. And then number three, number three, number three, making sure you don't make mistakes like that. No, number three, making sure that you are dynamic and enthusiastic on camera rather than being monotonous. Those are the fundamentals. So, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you are interested in getting a one-page PDF, which is a cheat sheet with a lot of information on it from the mindset you need to have down to the techniques and how to deliver, such as these ones I've talked about, and if you want to have that printed out on your wall, ready to go next time you talk on camera so you can just quickly refer to it and then deliver, then you can get that for free. It's a free little PDF in the description of this video. Hope you enjoy that. Hope you enjoyed this video. Goodbye. See you soon. Cheers. Ciao.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasAlexNorman [1 likes]: Join us inside the 30 Day Talk To Camera Challenge today! https://www.portalcreative.com/30-day-talking-to-camera-challenge-full-program?video=VNkaGh7wQt0

🚀 Work with me directly: https://www.portalcreative.com/nss-waitlist?video=VNkaGh7wQt0
  2. @AK-ew3eo [1 likes]: This guy is indeed dreamy 😅 ❤
  3. @Marzworldz [1 likes]: JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU AND CARES FOR YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERYONE
  4. @M_w_p_88: Well that's very helpful!! I watch my videos and can't quite put my finger on what I need to change/work on.
  5. @DarkoMedium: Thank you for taking the time to make this video and share your knowledge with people who might benefit from it. I am in this stage of learning to relax in front of the camera and your video just popped up on my timeline.
  6. @Megadone: I love the cinematic taste of the video.
Cheers mate !
  7. @Jamilliyahalbukhari: I wish I had this English accent 😢
  8. @UnstoppableVi: Thanks! ❤
  9. @FindItDigIt: Good video. Good tips. I’m around 25 vids in and I’m getting better… I hope 🙏🤣
  10. @LouisaHeartfulFluency: I really must stop checking out my moustache when I record!  😆🤣
  11. @Inforightchoice: Get into the body; as you go, make yourself good, looking right on the lens, with a 2-3 vocal range as per the range of vocal exaggeration, and slow down to mystery and become more weird, like an anime character, talking at the genuine pace of different video tiles as you start to grab attention with genuine enthusiasm, a genuine slowdown that is important that provides value, and then come back for the moral of the story/CTA.
  12. @maychaudhari8502: Wow, so helpful
  13. @kularts.skillchurch: The glowup.
  14. @englishwithwolfie: This is really helpful. Thanks!
  15. @AFspectrum: very useful...something to work with. Also find the setting you're in dynamic...sky might be dull but the composition is a great hook.
  16. @chrisfan-c5z: The more I watch your videos the more I could improve my skills
  17. @aldorodriguezai: Thanks bro, nowdays this skill is crucial for applying to jobs since they request videos.
  18. @RadzfootballIQ: 04:40 Number thruu😂😂
  19. @easeintoai: Absolutely love this 🙏
  20. @user-Vickywins: Everything is good but I don't know anything about hand movements, they come naturally or you try it also , because I don't use my hand while talking

- How To Talk To Camera Naturally Without A Script: Kind: captions Language: en All right, there are three big problems when going scriptless whilst talking to camera. And in this video, I'm going to solve all of them for you. And once again, I'm doing this video in one take just to prove a point. And if you're wondering why I'm working out, you haven't watched the rest of my videos. Okay, so the first problem when going scriptless whilst talking to camera is worrying about rambling. All right, we're worried that if we don't have a script, we're going to go down rabbit holes, go down tangents, and not efficiently get our point across. The second thing is going blank. We're worried that we're going to go blank, or we do go blank, and we're like, "How do I fix this? How do I stop going blank?" And just being like, "I have no idea what I'm talking about." Because like, I'm freezing up in front of the camera. The third thing is not knowing who you are. So, being like, "Okay, now I don't have a script, there's a big opportunity right now to actually be myself." And this is terrifying. Like, who actually am I? And when you don't have a script, you're kind of like, "Man, I I I can't connect with any kind of authenticity. I don't feel like I'm being myself, all right?" So, let's rattle through the solutions, all right? Rat-a-tat-tat, okay? First one, rambling. Instead of memorizing the script, or using a script, you have to memorize your plan. Now, this sounds obvious, but it's crucial. There's a guy called Matthew Dicks who wrote a book called Storyworthy, and he said that he would never memorize a story because it you can always tell when somebody's on stage and they're telling a story, it's like, if it's memorized word for word, it it doesn't connect. And he said, instead what he does is memorize the scenes within his story. So, he'll memorize, right, I was on the subway, that's the first part of my story. Then I was in a penthouse, that was the second time in my story. And then I was picking up my kids from school, and that's the third scene in my story, right? And he'll go through his script having scenes in his head. You can do similar things by memorizing points. A note on efficiency here, right? We all want to be efficient. We're all super preoccupied by YouTube attention spans and people's watch times and are people going to click off? Everyone's just scrolling and have to capture attention. But in reality, people connect with people. There's actually a trend on YouTube right now where people are making these long rambly videos. Like look at Sam Sulek, for example, the fitness influencer. Millions of people watch his videos and they're not because he's efficiently imparting fitness information, because there's a human connection. So, don't get too There's a time and a place for efficiency. Of course, there is. But don't get too caught up in it. Preoccupy yourself more with authenticity, human connection, and when paired with a certain degree of efficiency, when people don't literally feel like you're wasting their time, can be really powerful, okay? Second thing. Thomas, how do I How do I not go blank? I'm pressing record and I'm just freezing up in front of the camera. My brain doesn't work properly. I don't know what it is. This is true. If you're going blank in front of your camera, your brain is literally not working properly. And I'm not saying that to offend you. I'm saying that because it isn't. And here's the diagnostics. Number one, you haven't remembered your script well enough, your script your plan, right? You haven't remembered your plan well enough. Diagnostic number two, if you have remembered your plan very well and you you know what it is, but you're still going blank, it means your body is in a fight or flight response state. It means that you are literally like a deer in the headlights, freezing up in front of the camera, not knowing whether to run or to not literally punch it, but sometimes it does feel like that, right? Instead, you need to relax your body. You need to get in your body, out of your head, and there's a wealth of information on this channel about how to do that. For now, what I would recommend is quick exercises like breathing, like some kind of breath work, shaking out your body, making sure you're relaxed, you know? Relax, bro. Okay? It's fine. Chill. Silence. It's okay. You know you're still watching this video. I was just silent for 3 seconds. You still here? It's not a big deal. The third thing, okay? Now, this one's really important. Can't connect with yourself. You don't know who you are on camera. There's this knowing feeling. How do I be me? The key mindset shift here is hopefully in your life you have at least one person who likes you for who you are. Hopefully a few people. If they just like you for who you are, it means that they accept your flaws, and they might even like your flaws. They like those weird little things about you that you might consider flaws. They also like the great things about you. YouTube, putting yourself out there online, speaking on camera, is not about getting everyone to like you. It's about finding more people who like you for who you are, and who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the rest? Like, repelling the rest. It doesn't matter. You want people who like you for who you are. If you see YouTube in this way, I'm just attracting more people who like me for me, then you can start dropping your guard, and really start centering and aligning yourself with who you actually are on camera. Okay? So, hope I've solved those three problems for you. Down below, we have a survey. If you'd like to build a personal brand on camera, check out that survey, fill in your details, let me know what you'd like to learn. It's going to be super helpful for building a program that I'm building out right now. And if not, or if you want to take another path, or both, I dare you to join the 30-day talking on camera challenge. The call to adventure has started. I'll see you in the next video or I'll see you there. Stay creative. Bye-bye. There you go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brandingwithamanda [3 likes]: "relax bro" 😄 best advice
  2. @AlexanderTheCreate [1 likes]: 🚀 Talk on camera naturally so you can finally grow your business: Join the next cohort (Starts May 14th) - https://www.portalcreative.com/natural-speaking-system
  3. @vegascarmen [1 likes]: This is what I needed. This deserves more views
  4. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Awesome advice. I need a script because I forget everything. Thanks for sharing.  Have an amazing year.🎉
  5. @anushka.upreti [1 likes]: I decided to go script less for 30 days just to teach my brain that my authenticity is good enough. And the way I used to freeze up.I let those parts stay in the video and the way out was to breathe. You can literally see me ground myself. The fun part was that in the moment I felt like I’ll lose people’s attention but even rewatching them, I only felt more connected. I’m still on the challenge but now I let myself figure out the words on the spot, ground myself as the camera keeps recording and it’s how the authenticity comes out. When you let yourself be and know your people will find you!! Great video 🥳🥳
  6. @Sannajohanna10: I just watched your other video where you compared learning a foreign language to speaking to a camera. I've combined them both. I have made just 30 longer videos, but this is a phenomenal way to improve both skills.
  7. @DamnTimCan: Perfect. Simple. The truth.
  8. @psyfyi7360: Thank you so much
  9. @offical_kallyposh: Okay you just spoke about me 😂😂😂😂
  10. @maxsmells: It's the total opposite for me, if i do a video where I'm talking about something naturally, I do well. But if I have to do an in debt video, that's when I'm anxious and have to cut parts.
  11. @DrPaulaWatson: Thank you for this video Thomas.  I actually felt quite emotional when you started talking about at least one person likes you for who you are.  This touched me deeply.  “YT isn’t about getting more people who like you, it’s about finding more people who like you for who are you.  And who gives a fuck about the rest?”  Brilliant!! 
I've been watching your videos for a while, but only today am I getting up the courage to ACTUALLY record two videos without a script. I know this is the next step for me, I'm a natural presenter with loads of experience but with YT so far I've relied on a teleprompter or tried to memorise things word for word.  Mainly through fear of rambling as I'm a "think out loud" person - but your point about connection over efficiency has really helped me with this.  Let's see what happens!!
  12. @Kabeer_Gilani: very helpful but what if anyone want to make content like Johnny Harris and cleo Abraham in which we need a ton information and fact check. does these tips would be same?
  13. @chrisfan-c5z: Your advice is good. I started my channel 2 months ago
  14. @michalworoniecki1625: This is very helpful mate. Thanks!
  15. @jonstuartjon3: "rat ta tat tatt" 😂😂
  16. @TheLuwisAdventures: This is very helpful Alex. Thank you so much. 🎉
  17. @Tsavalas: i paused to comment just saying the big problems at the start in such a win nailed it this video will get more views when the time comes
  18. @Peter-Kramm: Relax bro!!! Best advice.
I started doing personal video journals - just for myself to get use talking in front of the camera. It's the best thing I could have done for being myself on camera.
  19. @Seluilaendrone: Really really like this way of seeing it
  20. @anderson_almd: aprendi com uma mestre em oratoria que as vezes ficar em silencio eh o melhor que vc tem, sao 2 ou 3 segundos que bastam para formular a ideia e continuar conversando

- How to Be Natural (Not Awkward) On Camera: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, in today's episode, I'm going to help you to be you on camera, meaning supernatural, just yourself, no weird kind of stiff camera stuff, just you. And that's going to help your channel to grow. The first thing I wanted to show before we jump into the practices um is a demonstration of a really great natural camera presence. Okay, so I'm going to pop my dog Rosco on the screen. And there's a reason for this, okay? Th this video is going to help you to become supernatural on camera. So, I rescued Rosco, by the way, on the 15th of December. And as we can see on this video, Rosco has no idea that he's on camera. He's also got no idea that his ears are so big that I can't even fit his ears in the in the frame. He's got no idea that his ears are so cute and massive that they don't even make camera lenses big enough for these giant old ears. But he's not self-conscious. He's not nervous about the fact I've got a camera on him. He's not weird. He's not like, you know, doubting himself. He's just being Rosco. And in my opinion, we can glean from that video and from all of our pets, from your cat, your cats, your frets, your parrots, whatever pet you have, your tarantulas, all you all of you strange tarantula having pet folk, [laughter] we can surmise that pets are on to something. Okay? And I believe we can we can take a huge first the first gem I want to offer in today's session to help you to be supernatural and yourself on camera is that dogs and cats and all animals they don't really have a concept of self being self-conscious. They don't have a concept of what are people going to think of me. They're not worried about um how are people going to perceive me? Not once in the history of animals existing have they ever thought, "Oh no, I hope they like me." Like I I highly doubt it. Another thing that dogs and cats and all animals don't have is a sense of out there and in here. They don't have a concept of them and I they're simply existing and being in this moment now. And I think we can really get a lot from just that kind of demonstration that I just showed. It's so amazing to be around dogs and cats because they don't have a concept of of you and I. It's just now. It's just we. It's just here. It's just let's just be. So the first most important thing I would like to pop on the screen and every time that I put a key point in today's episode, I'm going to note it with a bell so that we can integrate it. So the first thing is to just be you. Just be you. Just be you. Meaning exactly what we just kind of covered. Dogs and cats are only themselves. They can only be themselves. And just like you, you can only be yourself. You're only ever yourself in this moment. And the thing that happens with human beings is we see a camera in front of us and we make it mean a lot of different things. We make it mean um I want you I I don't want to put my thoughts of what you make it mean, but if you want to share in your in the comments, what does your ego make the camera mean? For some people, they make it mean uh people might not like me. I might not be good on camera. I might be awkward on camera. Um what are people going to think? And there's also thoughts way in the back that you can't even see or hear because your ego is buried in in your junk drawer. And it's like, I'm not good enough. I don't sound good enough. My voice isn't good enough. All these things that maybe you're not even aware that you're thinking them. So, how do we fix this? The good news is there's actually no um problem here. The good news is the ego has manufactured this problem of uh being self-conscious about something that it's totally manufactured a problem. the the premise of the question of like how do I be myself on camera and how do I be natural on camera and how do I show up on camera um it's solving for the problem that the ego has created which is the premise that it matters what people think about you that it matters if people like your videos that it matters if people like the way you show up on camera that it matters if you're good enough whatever the hell good enough means all of these thoughts that the ego has gotten in there and kind of infiltrated this whole experience and jack hijacked your ability to just be yourself when a camera's around. Um, there's no there's no ultimately I want you to know just before we get into the actual practical how-tos I'm going to give you. I want you to understand that there's actually no problem here except for the one that the ego's kind of created and sucking the joy out of the [clears throat] whole thing because the whole thing is actually really joyful and and really easy. By the end of today's episode, I'm most positive that you're going to feel so much better the next time you turn a camera on. Okay. So, practical strategy that we're going to jump into very important. I want to give you some practicals is to let's focus on your person and not on you. See, the ego has made it your mission to be miserable. This is what the this is the nature of the ego. Your ego which is a huge part of you know we don't want to we don't want to get rid of the ego but the ego is a huge part of this whole process. We have to understand where the ego must reside. Where we put the ego is in the back seat. The ego wants you. If you don't put it in the back seat, what the ego is going to do is it's going to convince you that it's very important what people think about you. Truth be told, that is exactly why we're so stressed out about when a camera tone is on how we show up and how we talk on a camera and why we get real stiff because the ego says, "You better do good. If you don't sound really good on a camera, this whole thing's one big giant mess and you look like an idiot." See, it's very much like this. If we stop believing the ego and we say, "I understand. I hear you. I hear you. You sweet little adorable summer child. Now get in the back seat because it doesn't matter. I'm focused on the person that I need to help. There's some highle teachers watching this watching this channel. Um I've worked with many of them over the past year and the things that people are accomplishing with their clients and with their businesses. It's changing lives. It's saving lives. There are people watching this channel who are helping others to reverse diabetes to help heal childhood trauma, to help them to relieve chronic pain and illness. There are doctors here that are helping watching this channel that are helping people to reverse diseases. When we focus on those bigger problems that we're solving for people, do you see how silly it is to think of something like um what if they don't like me? Do you know and this isn't a make wrong because I have that ego voice. You have that ego voice. We're never going to be free of that ego voice. It's just a really important thing that we don't believe it. We don't listen to it. Okay. Let's get into another tangible besides focus on them, not on you. Always focus on your person. Okay. But the next tangible I'd like to offer is a little bit of woo woo. Just a little. We're going to go back and forth between the woo and the practical woo. The woo in this channel is always grounded in practical application. But the woo that I'd like to offer you coming up ahead is that you're an instrument here. And it's not actually you talking. Okay? It could be you talking. And that version of us that's nervous to be in front of the camera. That's that's kind of the ego. So the ego wants to get in here and say, "You better be liked. If people don't love you, you're not good enough. You're going to look stupid on camera. So let's do it the right way." [laughter] And then that you that shows up is the tight not real you. If you be you like my like beautiful Rosco and you're insert your pet's name here, you just be like mittens the beautiful Siberian kitten or whatever. Um and you just show up and allow the higher version of yourself, aka your soul, aka the divine beloved, aka your higher [clears throat] self. If you want to get more secular and a little bit more just practical with it, your subconscious mind, the highest aspects of your intellect, maybe you let that part talk through. Now we're not relying on being good. Okay? So now we're not relying on being good. So we need the bell for this. We're going to be an instrument. [bell] [music] We're an instrument. We're not the ones doing it. You're an instrument. So, you can start your filming with a mantra or a prayer or whatever, just an incantation, a devotion saying, "Please speak through me." You're you could even say that to yourself to the highest aspects of your of yourself. Please speak through me. And then practice trusting whatever comes out of your mouth is exactly what needed to come out of your mouth. However you say it is how it's meant to be said. and then post it and move on. This is a really nice way to let go of being too stiff. It helps you to trust the process. Okay. Now, we're going to go into a little bit more of a practical strategy. And that's on your screen right now. I put these very important words is to talk to yourself. And I am talking about talk to yourself out loud like a crazy person. For the introverts on this channel, you probably already do this. For the introverts that are extra quirky, maybe the theater geeks, I know for a fact you've been doing this for a long time. There are a lot of people watching this channel who probably already kind of do this inside your own head. I want you to practice talking to yourself out loud sometimes when you're on your walks in nature. Just talk to yourself out loud. Practice your lines out loud. Talk about your videos out loud. Talk about your ideas out loud. Why do we do this? We do this so that you can start hearing the sound of your voice and it's not so foreign to be alone quote unquote alone. We're never alone, by the way, but alone and speaking out loud. A lot of people expect you turn the camera on, you sit in front of a camera, and you do that once a month and it's going to be natural and flow like fine wine. But the truth of the matter is just like in the movies, actors and actresses recite their lines. Public speakers, they recite and practice all the time. Anybody who's speaking in front of an audience or even in front of a camera, most of us are talking to ourselves, practicing all the damn time. This isn't something you need to take like, you know, a job that you like have to do. I don't want you treating this like something you need to whip yourself with. I just want you to have fun with it and just get used to hearing your voice out loud. This helps you to hear like hear what your voice is. And when I'm talking about your voice, I'm not just talking about your speaking voice. I'm talking about your deep down voice, like your thoughts, your your essence, your thumbrint, your delivery, just all of it. How you'd like to interface with your work, the more that you talk to yourself out loud like a crazy person, the more comfortable you're going to be when a camera turns on, it's not going to be so foreign to you. Okay? So, practice speaking out loud and also practice being your own best friend. That's another reason we talk to ourselves. If we're really supporting our own work, aka talking to ourselves in an encouraging way. This is this is an aside. This is like a little bonus tip. Talking to yourself in an encouraging way, like being your own biggest fan and best friend. [bell] When you're making a video, after you've made a video, a lot of people who when they first start out, they think, "Oh, I don't like the sound of my voice. I don't look that good here. And they start nitpicking themselves. I want you to do the opposite. And when you talk to yourself about your work, you're going to say, "Good job. We got that done. I literally still do this. I'm proud of you. We We did it. We got it. We got one done. That's really good. Really well done." I'm not saying you can't like analyze your work. I'm not saying that you can't um know where you could improve next time. But I'm saying for right now, when you're talking to yourself about your work, talk to yourself lovingly. There's no there's no fixing if you're if you're berating yourself every time you post a video and you say, "Oh, I hate the way I look. I hate the way I sound. I hate this. I hate that. I hate this. I hate that." A lot of people when they first start out, they're doing that. And guess what? Guess what the inner parts of yourself are going to feel like every time you turn a camera on now? You know, it's like this. It's like, uh, I better be good. I better be perfect. Um, there's a there's a, you know, a prison guard in here who's going to say mean things to me every time I film a video. And that really really dampens your ability to be you on camera. So have fun with this. Turn on the camera. Cheer yourself on. Be your own biggest fan. If you are your own if you are your own biggest fan, it really comes through on the camera. It really helps people to like trust you. have your own back. Okay, let's move on to the kind of more woo, but this is very important and um it go it should go without saying, but I have to say it because I think this is a lost art and that's to open your heart to yourself and to your work to get in front of a camera when you're first starting out and you don't have any audience yet here on YouTube. Um, especially those business owners. You've had clients in person. You've been building up your business for a long time. A lot of people watching my channel are business owners already and you want to grow your business online and it feels a little bit maybe silly to be in front of a camera and you're posting your videos and maybe they don't get as many views as you would hope in the beginning. That's totally normal by the way. Um, can you open your heart to your work in the beginning part? Like there's a beginning part to all of our journeys. Can you open your heart to this process and take it as a journey? Can you open your heart to your what you're exploring? Can you be like a child with this whole thing? And just like if you had a child who was trying to become an artist and they said, "Hey, can we go to the craft store and can we get some crayons and we can we start, you know, start this process?" Um, you wouldn't close your heart to that child and say, "Eh, but you're not really good enough. Eh, but you're not Picasso. Like, do you know what I mean? If we open our heart to this whole process, really open open. And I mean this in a sincere way. Um, the energy center is in your body. A lot of the times what people are doing when they when they approach their work, they're kind of they're kind of going like this and they got one eye kind of closed and they're they're not willing to open their heart to the work. And what I mean by open your heart to your work, I mean open your heart to the deeper aspects of what's trying to come through you. So when you get in front of a camera, it's not just about, you know, making YouTube videos. It's about just letting yourself be who you are on a ca in in a camera setting or not a camera setting and just whatever wants to express itself from you out into the world. Opening your heart to see what's in here. What are we doing here? What do we want to explore? What kind of ideas do we want to talk about? Turning the camera on, opening your heart like this. I'm going to give you one just one just simple tool for opening your heart in this moment right now. You can feel when you open your heart to a person, when you open your heart to something you love, when you open your heart to to a warm cup of coffee in the morning, um those things that bring you a lot of joy, when you open your heart to an adventure, a road trip, if we take an openhearted stance with our work, when you turn the camera on and you really open your heart to the whole thing, magic happens and you really are able to just then be yourself on camera. So, be yourself. open your heart to your work. I wanted to let you know, by the way, before I let you go, we're going to be doing a lot of this in the YouTube Breakthrough Challenge. And so, the YouTube Breakthrough Challenge is my 5-day beautiful live experience where we're going to make or grow your YouTube channel in real time. We're going to be working through all this stuff in real time. Get yourself on the wait list. Everybody who's on the wait list, they're going to get first dibs on tickets. And when tickets sell out, they sell out. So sometimes the wait list sells out the tickets. If you're on the wait list, you get first dip. So that's brendaturner.comyt for the weight list. If you missed this challenge, please join the weight list anyway. That way you'll know when the next one happens. Okay. Okay. And if you want to know how to actually get your videos really popping, really polished, you're definitely going to want to check out this video where I talk all about the five sacred P's of YouTube. five sacred P's. You can't you can't make a good video without these five sacred P's.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LoveAdelina219 [11 likes]: 9:59 I’ve talking to myself pretending I’m talking to an audience my whole life but just now I decided to press the record button as well 😂
  2. @ankitciviljourney [3 likes]: Someone correct me if I am wrong, I noticed that if we make education related videos we don't get much subscribers or views as compared to entertainment or any awkward videos......
  3. @brendalturner [2 likes]: Join the waitlist for the YouTube Breakthrough Challenge. Doors are opening soon and if you’re on the waitlist you’ll get early access to tickets! 👉 https://brendaturner.com/yt/
  4. @mortenspindlerdk [2 likes]: Please, Morten... speak through me. 😁 It's a bit funny, but also inspirational. Very useful advice. I will implement.
  5. @shawshottmcguire910 [2 likes]: hi brenda i have no idea how i ended up with you on my subscription list?🤔
i also have no intentions of being a youtuber!🤔
however i allways watch your vidios i find you very refreshing and real
also helpfull to everyday issues not just buisness 
and as i have mentioned before you have a very atractive laugh and smile 
which inturn makes me laugh and smile 
thankyou and 
keep on being you brenda 😊
  6. @dayanecpacheco [1 likes]: Super grateful for this super necessry video! And I love how you genuily bring self development in your videos ❤
  7. @Rogando23 [1 likes]: I can be confident if my English good 😢
  8. @truthseeker1080 [1 likes]: I feel your beautiful soul..❤ Thank you !
  9. @jodypace6605 [1 likes]: I love your top!!!! ❤❤❤
  10. @KofiOpoku-acheampong [1 likes]: My stutter kicks in bad lol. I m working on it
  11. @1sydsong [1 likes]: This is beautiful.
  12. @scattabrayne [1 likes]: I love every last one of your videos! Great advice...beautiful lady as well
  13. @SeenuBhupala [1 likes]: Very helpful channel and your explanations are clear, thanks! Subbed!
  14. @julius.relunia: This is a great help Brenda 🎉
  15. @TheSource479: Great video 🎉 thank you for sharing. 😊
  16. @talhealing66: What if no body wants to hear what i have to say...
  17. @lbutchj4877: Love your psychological perspective. I have always thought life would be so much better if we "just be".
  18. @einarkuningas2196: Remember when I thought I could just dive in with zero confidence? Shots came out rough and I felt like I was invisible online. Decided to try Famester on a whim after almost tossing in the towel—it’s shady for sure, but man did it spark some life! Real accounts actually started checking out my content. Now there's a vibe, people connect and it doesn’t feel like me just shouting into space anymore. Glad I took that chance.
  19. @avebrown8003: Hi I signed up to get your Unscripting Template and never received the email. Yes I checked my Spam folder. Thanks!
  20. @davelauper596: Man, starting my YouTube journey felt like shouting into a void. No views, no likes, just me talking to myself. Was ready to give up when I stumbled across Famester. Thought what the hell and gave it a shot. Somehow that got me enough initial activity for real people to check it out. Now I've got followers engaging, feels like a legit channel. Some might say it's shady, but hey, whatever works.

- TINY Room YouTube Studio Setup on a BUDGET!: Kind: captions Language: en today I want to show you our tiny storage room that I turned into a fully functional YouTube Studio slome office desk area this setup in a super small 2x2 met area allows me to easily start shooting videos for YouTube create thumbnails and product shots edit content and store all my gear now I'm a pretty budget-minded person so a lot of the things that I'll be sharing are budget options or DIY ideas but I will also leave links to all the gear and things that I talk about down in the description so you can go check it out if you're interested so let's first take a look at the room itself the entire room is 2 m wide and about 4 M long and it was actually meant as a storage room in our apartment my YouTube studi slesk area only takes up half of the room because the rest of the room is still being used as storage space that means I have about 2x 2 m of space to work with so very small and one thing you would never notice in these videos is that there's actually a window behind me here but as you can see it doesn't look that nice so whenever I'm shooting a video I cover it up with this frame for Sound Treatment I have a set of DIY sound panels on the wall and they're a very cheap option with pretty good results of course in a small space like this there isn't that much sound treatment needed but I do find that these make a slight difference sound panels no sound panels sound panels no sound panels to make these I bought some sound panels on Amazon and glued them on the back panel of a picture frame that allows me to just hang the sound panel like a picture frame and I can also easily take them down besides that I just had to drill one hole per sound panel instead of having to attach all of these sound panels separately to the wall I do have a few separate ones in the corner here and the one behind my monitor is not really meant to do any Sound Treatment but serves more as a textured backdrop for product shots all right next let's move on to the most important part of this studio and that is the desk itself so the desk is B basically where the entire Studio lives on and I could essentially move this desk into a different room and I would have everything ready and set to record and edit videos so the desk itself is a simple Ikea tabletop and on one side I have some very basic table legs and on the other side I have the Ikea Alex drawers and I'll show you why this kind of awkward cable is here by the end of the video when I talk more about everything that's inside these drawers now the desk is only 1 M 20 wide so even with these basic table legs and all the stuff that I have mounted on here it's not too Wiggly the main component on this desk is the 6-in-1 desk Mount by vion I got this desk Mount because I needed a compact solution for mounting my light my camera and my microphone but the best thing about it is that it's so incredibly affordable for how versatile and good quality it is most of these parts are made out of metal and just very very solid it would be nearly impossible to have different stands for lights microphone and Camera camera in this tiny room so it's extremely useful that I can essentially rig an entire recording setup to this one Mount having everything mounted and ready to go makes it so much easier to start shooting a video it literally takes me maybe 5 or 10 minutes to set everything up and I'm ready to hit record besides that everything is also out of the way very quickly when I'm not using it and I don't have a bunch of stands everywhere taking up valuable space on the floor the and desk Mount also has a nice cable management system built in which keeps things organized and tidy recently I also did a small modification or add-on to this desk Mount which makes it even more versatile and I'll share that in a little bit but let's first look at everything else that is mounted on this desk rig the vison kit comes with an arm that has a Vasa adapter and that allows me to mount my monitor which frees up space on the desk plus it allows me to easily swing the monitor out of the way whenever I want to record product shots or shoot thumbnails the monitor is an lg27 ul 550w and it's an affordable 4K monitor and for its price it has pretty accurate and consistent colors it's a 27in 10bit IPS panel and it covers 98% of the srgb color spectrum which is fine but of course specs would be better on a more premium Monitor and on top of the monitor I have one of the recent additions to this desk setup this was sent over to me by Ben q and it's the Ben Q screen bar Halo monitor light and I never really considered a monitor light before but I actually really love having this especially because the room light in here is not that Pleasant and I thought about adding a desk lamp but because the desk is so small it would take up too much valuable space besides that research has shown that having good light reduces eye strain and fatigue when you're spending a lot of time in front of a screen so it's important to have equal Lighting in front and behind your monitor to reduce contrast so basically your eyes don't have to work as hard and that's one of the great things about this BenQ monitor light besides the obvious front light it also has a back light which lights up the wall behind the Monitor and it doesn't just serve as a nice mood light but also provides bias lighting which helps to reduce that contrast between the Monitor and the workspace this BenQ monitor light also has a unique asymmetrical lighting design that completely reduces any glare on the monitor it was also really easy to install it has this kind of flexible clip so you just pop it on top of the Monitor and because of this flexible clip it will pretty much fit on every kind of monitor even curved monitors and it's USB powered so if your monitor has a USB plug you can just plug it in there another cool little feature is the wireless controller it comes with you simply hover your hand over it to activate it and then you can dial in all the different settings for example brightness or color temperature you can also also turn on or off each individual light so you can turn on only the front light only the back light or both but what I really love is that the light bar actually has a built-in sensor and you can have it adjust all the settings automatically depending on the ambient light and you can even save your favorite setting With This Heart button so this monitor light is definitely one of the more premium accessories that I currently have on this desk setup but it does really upgrade my working experience all right next thing that I have mounted on the desk Mount is the camera I'm using the Sony A7 Mark II and for these YouTube videos I have the Sony 14 mm f1.8 G Master mounted on the camera this lens is of course extremely wide and maybe a little bit Overkill but at the same time I really like that it makes the room look bigger and I can for example include my monitor in the shots but I do have to make sure that I stay clear of the edges because otherwise the warping gets a little bit too much but besides that I really like the look of this super wide shot and also the f1.8 aperture creates some nice separation between me and the wall even though I'm only like 50 cm or less away from the wall I usually mount my phone on top of the camera with this very simple smartphone cold true Mount that way I have my notes or script closed by whenever I'm recording a video as far as lighting goes I have two lights lighting me and then I have two extras to spice up the background my key light is the newer 480 LED panel light which is a very affordable small bolor LED panel light and it's not super bright but it gets the job done in this small space for my talking head shot I usually have it set at 50% and for product shots I do have to crank it up to 100% the great thing about it is that it's pretty small and lightweight so it fits nicely on the desk Mount and you can also buy this compact soft box with it which again takes up a minimum amount of space so all in all this light is a good budget option for this type of setup but a nicer higher quality upgrade would be for example the Falcon eyes flexible LED panel but that does come at a much higher price to fill the other side of my face I'm using this small cheap byol LED light as a fill light I also use this as extra lighting for product shots and honestly it works totally fine for this price I just have it mounted on a small light stand to the side of me here just out of frame and then I also have another small light giving color to the background here this one is a small RGB light that was sent to me by sandmark quite a while ago and I really like the solid build quality and the rubber diffuser that it comes with I just have this mounted on a small tripod and I set it on the floor behind me pointing at the wall lastly I use this small RGB stick light from ulanzi as a practical light and to add a touch more color to the shot this was again super cheap and it works perfectly fine for having a second RGB light to complement the blue background light finally for sound I have the road video micro mounted on the microphone arm that also comes in this vazon set and again this is a budget friendly but quality microphone option I just have a 3.5 mm audio cable running down the arm and the desk Mount and then I just plug it straight into the Sony's mic input all right now let me show you how I further modified or extended this desk Mount to add another function to the entire rig because I really wanted a low impact and easy way to have colored backdrops for when I'm shooting product b-roll or product thumbnails and this is what I came up with I attached a super clamp to the desk Mount and this is just a manf froto super clamp and then I attached this extendable arm to the super clamp now I can take a piece of colored paper clamp it to the arm a voila I have a colored backdrop I'm still experimenting with perfecting this setup but so far I really like the idea of having this backdrop option added to the desk Mount so far I'm guessing you can tell that I generally really like budget options but one thing that's a little bit more difficult to go Budget on is the computer I recently upgraded from a 5-year-old MacBook Air to this 14in M1 MacBook Pro and it's a great little machine and the reason why I don't have a desktop Mac is simply because I want and need the ability to take my computer with me whenever I'm not at home when I am using it on this desk it lives in this nice wooden MacBook stand by calibri which doesn't just look great but also helps free up space on the desk by having the MacBook in clamshell mode my keyboard and mouse are then again budget options I use the iclever IC bk10 Bluetooth keyboard which is just a slim design Universal keyboard it's affordable and had good reviews on Amazon so I decided to try it out and so far I'm happy with it same story for the mouse it's an inic pm6 BS Bluetooth mouse that cost $13 it has good Amazon reviews and it's nothing special but honestly serves its purpose for me another really important thing to factor in with a small space like this is storage now I don't have a huge amount of gear but it still kind of nuts how much you end up collecting over the years when doing anything camera related whether it be photography or videography so pretty much all my gear lives in this Ikea drawer unit everything but my camera gear because that just lives in my camera bag I have one drawer for things like headphones clamps lens cloth multi-tool hard drives another one with more camera gear related things like like tripod plates and lens filters one with some audio and GoPro things and this one at the bottom stores my old MacBook a hard drive and my drone and then this one in the middle here with the awkward cable I use as a charging drawer so I have one of these power strips in the drawer and whenever I need to charge anything I just plug it in there and close the drawer so I never have battery chargers or things like that laying around on the desk they just charge in the drawer and they're out of the way now I realized that it's not the most techy or cool looking solution but it works and ultimately that's what matters the most and I think that kind of sums up what this YouTube Studio slesk setup is all about it's not the fanciest but it works and I'm sure that the further I progress in this YouTube Journey that this studio will also evolve with it and who knows maybe one day I will be in a bigger studio with a bigger desk but I hope that this video shows that there are budget solutions for any kind of situation and you don't necessarily need a big Studio with the fanciest gear at least that's what I think all right that's it for me thanks a lot for watching and I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KingWright-m1d [2 likes]: great information, thanks!
  2. @DougEdoleyi [1 likes]: You've done well, mate. Thank you.
  3. @michaelyolch [1 likes]: Incredibly well done and very inspiring! THANK YOU!
  4. @djohntalks [1 likes]: Thanks! was very helpful! Subbed.
  5. @TheJudesArchive [1 likes]: Good work. 👏 
I’m looking to upgrade my storage/home office also.
  6. @BurtonParker-v9c: Giải thích dễ hiểu quá!
  7. @falaketsxx: Seu vídeo chegou no brasil 🇧🇷
  8. @lylyphan6401: 2:39 How much do you use the bullet point when recording a video?
  9. @Justhunayn: Watching your video after being recommended by Gemini 😅
  10. @maverick_tomcat: Great information. I m looking to set up workbench with overhead lighting and this video provides some good options.
  11. @themotoriderjournal: I'm in the process of reclaiming some space from a small outbuilding that is used for storage.  It's been really challenging as there's just too much stuff in storage.  You've helped to motivate me to push ahead.
  12. @Thelent3: I could’ve used a flat screen on the wall
  13. @M.E.Npodcast: Do you have a link for your desk?
  14. @druid5561: That sound panel picture frame backing is a genius
  15. @ricardo_works: Amazing!
  16. @SINISTA_ONE: Thanks for the ideas. ❤
  17. @trackrideindia5898: I like this setup ❤❤
  18. @siradams: I need to find this mouse pad! :o
  19. @jasonmedouze5987: Camera???
  20. @adymix001: I love your keyboard and mouse. I have the same. No need to spend a fortune on a keyboard or mouse!

- How I Built A YouTube Studio in a Tiny Room: Kind: captions Language: en Hey friends, welcome back to the channel. So, I have just moved to Hong Kong. And here I have this pretty small room that I need to turn into a YouTube studio. And so, in this episode of Creator Club, I'm going to show you the exact process of how we go from this to something that hopefully looks and sounds a whole lot better. So, if you've been thinking of setting up your own studio or potentially revamping your studio setup, then hopefully there will be something in this video that will be helpful for you. Oh, by the way, if you're new here, my name is Ali and I have been making YouTube videos here since 2017, documenting every step of my journey from broke medical student to working full-time as a junior doctor to now being a sevenfigure entrepreneur and bestselling author. And since 2020, I've also been running an online community called the Part-Time YouTuber Academy, where since then, we've helped over 20,000 students start and grow and monetize their YouTube channels with some pretty incredible success stories. So, if you'd like to check out the academy and get access to all the systems and templates and processes that I've used to grow my own YouTube channel and join a thriving community of creators from all around the world and get one-on-one support and feedback from me and my team, there'll be more details down in the video description. All right, so this is the space that we are playing with. This room is about 2.5 m wide, about 2.9 m long. Space is at a premium here in Hong Kong. And so this is like the smallest studio I've ever worked with, but that's okay. And we also have this kind of weird situation going on here where there is this big ass window, which is kind of nice. It's always nice having a big ass window in a in a studio room. And there's this sort of window sill component that's about 60 cm. So the first thing that I always think about uh when it comes to setting up a studio is what is the camera position going to be? And currently we have the camera positioned in that corner. Why do we have the camera positioned in that corner? I generally prefer to shoot into the corner of a room because if you go straight on, I don't know, I just think it looks less interesting than shooting into a corner. Some people really like a straight on look. I sometimes use it, but in this context, my goal really with the with the camera with the camera positioning is to try and get as much possible background into the shot because it's the background that is going to provide like the personality of the shot and I can put my bookshelf and my plant and my lamp and all all of that kind of thing. And the more distance there is from the camera to the back wall, the more blurry the background is going to look. And a big part of what makes a the YouTube studio look good to simplify a lot of like videography stuff is having a blurry background as you probably know. And so when I'm doing camera positioning, I want to try and get like up close and personal with the camera. So why do I want to get up close and personal with the camera? Well, I want to do it because I mean already this this shot actually looks pretty good. I've got this big ass window sort of shining a light on my face. Yeah, there's nothing in the background and there's like a really terrible echo. Hopefully you can't hear it too much when I'm using this particular microphone, but this actually looks not bad. You can imagine a YouTube video being shot from this this sort of position. I like being up up close and personal with the camera because if the camera is focusing on me, that means the background when there is stuff in it is going to be quite nicely blurred. I also particularly like using a 24 mm focal length. So, this is a Sony A7S3 which is a full-frame camera. This is not going to be a full in-depth tutorial about the difference between APS-C fully and all the videography stuff. You can find other YouTube tutorials about this, but I really like 24 mm as a focal length. I can reach out and like touch the camera lens. Um, and this is sort of the position that I like to be in. That would that's what 24 mm would give you. If it was like 50 mm or god forbid 85 mm, I would be a lot further back and I would still look like proportional because these lenses are more zoomed in, but it just creates more of a feeling of distance between me and the audience. And the sort of vibe I like to go for with my YouTube videos is like up close and personal. I want it to feel friendly. I want it to feel like I've literally just hit record on a camera and I'm speaking to the camera. I don't want it to feel as if I'm a presenter in like a masterclass online course or I'm a newsreader, which is often what you get if you use like a 50 or an 85 or like a longer kind of focal length. So, for me, 24 mm is my personal favorite. This lens is just a really cheap 24 mm prime lens that I got off of Amazon. The brand is Viltrox or something. It's not a brand I'd ever really heard of. I had a fancy 24 millimeter G Master lens that cost about $2,000 and then I broke it. So then I thought, you know what? No one can tell the difference between a $200 lens and a $2,000 lens. So I just bought the $200 one and it served me very nicely for this entire time. Oh, by the way, if you're enjoying this video, you might like to check out Riverside, who are the sponsor of today's video, and who are another big part of my studio setup and content creation process. Riverside is your all-in-one online studio for video and podcasting, both recording and editing, which makes it incredibly easy to create high-quality content right from your browser. I absolutely love Riverside. I've been using it for years to record podcasts and interviews remotely. It's super easy to use, and it integrates really nicely into our workflow for video and podcast production. Riverside is built specifically for creators like you and me. Not only does it let me record in up to 4K, but the editing features are actually really good. They've got multitrack editing, which means I can adjust individual tracks or mute certain aspects or even add scenes automatically. And the AI producer is incredibly helpful. When I do podcasts with me and my brother, we don't want to deal with all the faff of having to manually edit things. And so, you just click a button and the AI automatically removes silences and switches camera angles and everything. And it's just absolutely incredible. Oh, and the AI producer also adds perfectly animated captions to your videos, which is fantastic, especially if you're doing short form content that has like the captions baked in. Now, this is a special offer just for you. The first 1,000 people to click the link in the video description or scan this QR code will get 3 months of Riverside Pro for free. That is exclusive access to all of their pro features for three months at absolutely no cost. And if you like it just like I do, then you can let Riverside be your go-to online studio for all things video and podcasting. So, thank you Riverside for sponsoring this video and for being an indispensable part of my own workflow for years now. And let's get back to it. It's generally very good to have a light, a big light source that's sort of hitting your face at about a 45° angle. I have this window here, which is nice. Now, some YouTubers don't like having natural light in their shots because what natural light does is that it like, you know, if the sun comes out, if the clouds go out or whatever, like the fact that you've got like variation in the shot is annoying for a lot of other YouTubers and a lot of videographers because it means the background's going to be shifting and your white balance is going to be shifting and you're going to have to change stuff with the lights. I don't mind any of that stuff. I'm not trying to do a sort of professional video shoot here. My goal is to make the shot look natural and to make the shot look kind of like viby and like light mode and sort of I like the natural light aesthetic and also it helps me feel good. A big part of my philosophy with YouTube videos is that if I can design a studio and a filming setup that I actually want to be in, then I'm much more likely to film videos. And that to me is way more important than having a setup where yeah, the light is perfectly perfectly controlled. So, I like the idea that the window is right here. I can look beyond the window. I can see the nice greenery, all that kind of stuff. It feels kind of inspiring. But that basically means that the camera either has to be on this part of the room or it has to be on this part of the room. So, this is broadly what the camera position would look like if it was on this half of the room. Now, as you can see, there is this wooden door in the background. And the only reason I'm not setting it up with this particular angle is because there's this freaking wooden door in the background and I just think it looks like a bit of an eyesore. It's not very nice. Whereas if I do it from this angle instead, yeah, this is sort of the angle I've got with my camera up here. This is sort of the angle. You don't see the wooden door in the background. And that was a key reason for positioning the camera there rather than over there. Hey Alice, say hello. Okay, so at this point we have the camera positioning. The thing we need to do now is get the table and the chair. Let's Okay, let's start with the chair. I like sitting down when I make YouTube videos. I would like to build a standing setup at some point, but it's just so much easier if everything is based around a sitting down setup. This is a random chair that I got from IKEA. Uh when I moved here to Hong Kong, I wanted to get like fancy stuff like a Herman Miller or like a whatever desk and chair and things, but those take weeks to months to arrive. And so when me and my wife went to IKEA, we were like, "Okay, how do we build a YouTube studio using just the stuff that IKEA Hong Kong happens to have in stock like today." And so that's why I ended up with this chair, which is actually not bad. I mean, it was about like, I don't know, $70 US, something like that. And we also have this really, really cheap desk, which works nicely. And this is the only IKEA countertop that they had in stock. I don't even know which one it is. Again, details will be probably down below. And I attached these IKEA Olive legs to it, which are a bit extensible. And so, you can sort of adjust the height of this just about. And now already we're starting to get a little bit of a YouTube studio setup here where we've got a chair, we've got a desk. I personally quite like sitting at a desk when I'm doing videos because it feels like my natural home. Sitting behind a desk. I feel quite comfortable having a desk in front of me. I can draw stuff. But this is this is a good start. We've got a big light source in the window. This would look terrible if it was at nighttime or if we drew the curtains. In fact, okay, so this is what this would look like. Obviously, you can see this looks a lot worse compared to when the curtains are drawn. Even worse would be if I turned on this light. Oh god. horrendous yellow fluorescenty type light. I think we're on auto white balance, so this should adjust eventually. Yeah, it just it just looks absolutely god awful. So, a big tip is never use the lights that are built into your house because they're generally awful. There we go. Look at that. Oh, this is already looking so so nice. And that's the difference that it makes having like no annoying yellow lights on the ceiling cuz ceiling lights generally look terrible um generally. and having a big ass sort of soft light source with a wide a massive window coming through. So already this is actually not too bad, but we can do a lot better. And so we're going to be then building this setup very slowly over time. Oh, by the way, if you're enjoying this video so far, you are absolutely going to love my completely free part-time YouTuber crash course. This is an email course where each day I send you an email that has a bunch of really useful resources, tools as it relates to growing on YouTube. If you want, there's a link down there or a QR code on screen or whatever. You enter your email address and you can get the course. And if you think it's bad, you can unsubscribe whenever you feel like it. But yeah, if you're interested in growing on YouTube, you might like to check that out completely for free. All right, so next order of business is a rug. This is a bit of an optional extra, but uh there is a lot of echo in the room and one of the big things about making good YouTube videos is having it sound good. And generally when there's a lot of echo, it just sounds a bit bad. And so the thing that causes echo broadly is sort of hard surfaces where the sound is sort of banging against each of the surfaces. But if you have soft stuff, that is where you then start to absorb the extra echo. So having a big rug on the floor, you know, you might see other YouTube studios having like acoustic panels on the walls, having a rug, having like soft furnishings in particular, putting stuff in the corners of the room really helps in terms of dampening down the echo. So, before I got this rug, when I was filming videos, I would actually take the duvet off of my bed, stick it on the floor, make sure it's out of shot. I would put pillows in the corners, and that stuff actually does make a noticeable difference to echo. I do think it makes a difference being here. Hang on. Oh, yeah. [Music] You know, sometimes I wonder how how did how did this end up being my day job. I used to be a doctor. Used to be saving lives. If only my mom could see me now. Now there is a rug on the floor which should not be visible in the shot. But um let's hear the effect this has on the echo. So now we're in rug mode. This is what things sounded like before the rug was in the room. If you haven't yet, you might like to check out my book, Feelgood Productivity. It's been out for nearly a year now. It is a guide on how to be more productive in a way that actually feels good. It's available on Amazon. And it's available everywhere books are sold. If you haven't yet checked out my book, Feelgood Productivity, it's available on Amazon. It's a guide on how to be more productive in a way that actually feels good. And you might like to check it out. It's available everywhere books are sold. Okay, so in my ears, I can kind of I can already hear the echo reduction from just having a cheap IKEA rug just sort of chilling on the floor. But I think as we add more stuff like more furnishings and things like that, as you'll see, hopefully the echo will reduce even more. The next order of business is let's make the background look a little bit nicer before we start adding in artificial light sources and anything funky. So I have a general philosophy of YouTube backgrounds, which is three things: plant, lamp, and bookshelf. And if you have plant, lamp, and bookshelf, you can't really go wrong. You don't need all three. But generally, most of my setups have had plant, lamp, bookshelf. And the way that you sort of use your background is a bit of a sort of showcase of personality. Most of the stuff that I'm using to showcase personality comes straight from IKEA. The stuff that they happen to have in stock at in in the IKEA and Hong Kong. And so, let's just see how things shape up and how things look with different different elements. First thing, let's add a big plant in the background. Okay. So, this is the classic IKEA fake plant which is going into the setup. Question is, where do we want to put it? We can always change the position of it later, but how about here? Let's look on the camera angle. See, this is the importance of setting up the camera angle ahead of time because you never really know what stuff is going to look like until you've already set up the camera angle. So, I think this is fine, actually. Let's move it a little bit this way. Would the plant work over there? Uh, I think less so. Generally, um, this is another sort of sort of generalization rule of thumb when it comes to creating setups. You don't want stuff to be sprouting from your body. So, I know that I'm always going to be here in the center of the frame in the middle of the camera. And so, I don't really want these leaves to be coming out of my shoulders. Um, I sort of want to keep this space around me relatively clear. Not a hard and fast rule, obviously, but I want to keep it relatively clear. And so, this is not a good position for the plant. Does not look good over there. What just happened? Oh, no. I broke the plant. We saved the fake plant. Okay, so how does a plant look in that corner of the room? All right, what's next? Next, we need to plug this camera in cuz it's about to die. Okay, next order of business is I'm going to get this out of the way here. And we're going to add a lamp. I love lamps. Lamps are one of my favorite thing to add to a studio setup because they just look really nice. This was one of the few things that's not from IKEA. This is a nice green Philips lamp. I looked at IKEA. I wasn't really a fan of the lamps that they had there. Then I randomly went into like a Philips lighting shop and I saw this color of lamp and I was like, oh, immediately fell in love. Uh, one of my favorite YouTube channels and Instagram pages for like inspiration for like design is a friend of mine called Tom and he runs a channel called Bite Review and his aesthetic is very like pastel green colors and this sort of thing. And when I saw this lamp, it sort of reminded me of of the bite review aesthetic and I thought it would make Oh, look at that already. It would make a nice addition to the setup. So, that is a Philips Hue light bulb that's inside that. I could change color, but generally I quite like it being just a sort of warm orange kind of globe. Okay, next we have one of these IKEA trolleys. Um, this was another one of the things that they had in stock at the Hong Kong IKEA. This is currently all of the crap that's inside it. But crucially, we have a few IKEA fake potted plants, and I think these are always good additions. I I always like to have this one. This is the famous fetch potted plant. I think I like to have this on my desk at all times cuz it's just vibes. Um, and then these are two other fake plants can go in here. And I think if we put it roughly here, that would probably look more or less reasonable. Let's see what that looks like on camera. This is like a little bamboo lid that comes with it. Uh, sort of the bamboo top sort of goes with this light colored wood. I'm going for a sort of light colored wood aesthetic for various reasons. I don't really like dog wood as an aesthetic for YouTube studios or anything. Let's now add in the bookshelf again from IKEA. Yeah, we can just like do a bit of swivebling. Okay. Now, I honestly have no idea where this is going to go. Uh, sort of corner jobby. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's not bad. We do run into that issue where it's sort of like sprouting from my face a little bit. So, I don't think I'm a huge fan of that positioning. The bookshelf. What about if it was just like randomly here? Covers me up entirely. Definitely not. Oh, this is nice. I think I'm enjoying this specific configuration. Okay, that makes that makes the plant look very big. Do I want the plant to look very big or do I want the lamp to look big? Ow. With or without the shelf. This was where I'd sort of envisioned it initially. Sorry gang, there's going to be loads of footage to chop out of this, but that's okay. Okay, I'm not entirely sure what we're going to do with this bookshelf, but let's see how it goes for now. So, in the meantime, shove something on in. Okay, so we have enough stuff in the background. I still got some posters, still got a guitar that we can play with. We want to sort of set up the bookshelves to make it look kind of nice. But the key thing that we are now going to add to the setup is an artificial light. And this is where we start to get a little bit techy. It does work with the window, but window plus light is a better generally a better thing than just straight up window. It also means I can film at night time. And I often do workshops at nighttime where I'm not going to have this amazing like soft natural light that's coming in through the window. And so a artificial light is a very important part of this setup. Let's bring one in. And here we have the big ass light. This is the Amaran F22X and it is this sort of thing. One of the nice things about this light is that it's very portable, easy to pack up and down. I've been traveling with this back when I was doing my digital nomad stuff because it folds down quite nicely. The other nice thing about it and why I prefer it to like the 12D or whatever is because the soft box to this is quite thin and in small spaces you it's kind of annoying to deal with the big ass sort of aperture light dome which I was I've previously been using in my in my setups. So we are going to set up this as a soft light source. Okay. So this is what the the thingy for the box thingy for it looks like. Let's plug it in and I'll show you what difference it makes first. This then plugs into that. Good. And now this light plugs into this this thing. And now if I turn it on, this is going to start glowing. Now this is currently at 1% brightness. 1% brightness is very nice for nighttime, but it's not going to compete with the sunlight coming in. This is at 100% brightness. And this is a byolor light. So I could make it go orange and I can make it go super blue. And my camera is currently on auto white balance. And so it's going to try and adjust based on this. Let's just put it at 5,600 Kelvin, which is daylight. I'm going to ask Alice to hold this up. I'm going to show you how Alice's positioning. Hey, Alice. Um, is affecting the shot. Essentially, what we want is we want the light to be a kind of 45° angle onto where my face is hitting. The theory behind this is that if you get a light at 45 degrees, what that is going to do is create a nice light on this side of the face and a nice sort of slightly dramatic contrast darkness on this side of the face. So this is what the light looks like when it is in a this configuration. Now, I don't really like So you can see here is the camera and there is the light. I don't really like lights when they're that flat on cuz they make, I don't know, the image look a little bit more like, I don't know, you're in an interrogation room or something. You just have a light shining in your face. That looks nice. This sort of 45° setup. So, what does this look like with and without the light? This is without the light. And, you know, it still looks reasonable, but as soon as you add in a light, wo, now it suddenly makes the whole thing just pop way more. See, if I reduce its temperature to 2500 Kelvin, it becomes a kind kind of like warm glow. I quite like this because this almost makes it look like I'm filming in like golden hour sunset kind of vibes. Um, and I can sort of dial this up or down depending on my preferences just by twiddling this knob. And you can see the contrast before and after. Before and after. Like it does make a noticeable difference. When you have a big window light, you wouldn't think that adding in an artificial light makes a difference, but it really does. And like this automatically just makes us look way more professional. Now, we're going to see what this looks like if we close the curtains and get rid of the natural light in the room. Thank you for being my light stand and tripod all rolled into one. Most kind. So, this is what it looks like without the light. Camera is really trying to bump up the ISO to expose me properly. And now, boom. Let's add the light. Adjust things down a bit. And so, you can see kind of this is the effect that light that light has. Um, if I was shooting in a completely dark room, I would also get a fill light. A fill light is the light that sort of fills in these shadows a little bit. And I think we've got one coming on the way, like a little tube light or something, cuz this looks quite like almost overly dramatic. Obviously, I don't want Alice to be my light stand forever. So, we need to find a way to stick the light on here. Now, the nice thing that we have is that we have this area of window sill, which means I can just stick a tripod over here, and then the tripod can replace what Alice is currently doing. Hey, Alice. I actually don't want to use a tripod. I do have a a light stand, which is a tripod, but I'm experimenting with a new piece of gear called an autopole. This is the Manfrotto autopole. Um, I've been watching so many YouTube videos of people who have these in smaller studio setups cuz what it is, it is a pole that extends from the floor to the ceiling or in my case from one ed edge of the window sill to the other edge of the window sill. And it is a pole that you can kind of mount whatever you want onto using clamps and freedom arms and stuff like that. So, yes, I could use a light stand. Uh, but I kind of don't want to obstruct the window cuz the window's kind of a nice view. It's good vibes. I'm going to use an autopole and I'm going to use the autopole to connect the lightand. And I'm also going to use the autopole to mount an overhead camera setup. You see, if you guys seen my videos in the past, you know I like to use an overhead rig which requires a second camera and it's a little bit more involved. But rather than having tripod legs all over the floor and seastands on the floor, if you've got all the space in the world, that's totally fine. But if you don't have a lot of space, like in this sort of 2 meter by two, 3 m setup, an auto pole is really good. So here's how it works. Basically, I stick an autopole over here somewhere. You can always change the position. You put it up or whatever. And there is sort of suction. There's these sort of white suction cap type thingies going on here so it doesn't damage the whatever. We're renting here rather than buying cuz buying a place in Hong Kong is insanely expensive. Um, and then you put this down. Whoops. That's not how it works. Okay. You do that and then you pull this down. And now this sort of like clamps into place with like a spring-loaded mechanism where this is now not going anywhere. And now I can basically mount the light and also my overhead setup directly to this autopole which is nice. So let's start by mounting the light. Okay, so now the question is how do we mount a light to the pole? And what we have here is a combination of a super clamp and a freedom arm. These are I think both from Manfrotto as well. This is the Yeah, Manfrotto freedom arm and the Manfrotto super clamp. There's the super clamp. This this clamps to the autopole or it could even clamp to a desk. A super clamp is a clamp that basically clamps to absolutely anything. Um, at some point when I get a standing desk, by the way, if anyone wants to sponsor a standing desk, let me know. When I get a standing desk, I might just clamp the light to the standing desk so I can stand up and down. Uh, but for now, let's just stick it on the autofold. And then this is a freedom arm, which can sort of be tweaked and prodded into any sort of position. And this stuff can move, this stuff can move. And when you're ready to lock it in place, you lock it in place. So this is how like professional photographers, videographers will rig stuff to like pools and things and concerts and wherever using just like loads of freedom arms, using loads of clamps and other little gizmos. We could even just straight up attach this straight up to the straight to the thing. Yeah. So you can see we've got the super clamp directly attached to the light. Let's just experiment with this and see see how it works. And now I can just attach. And now this autopole and super clamp attached to the light has become what Alice was doing earlier. And that's nice. You know, this is how technology takes away people's jobs, right? Or something like that. Great. Now, here we have a nice little setup. Oh, look at that. Isn't that glorious? I could do this all day. This is so fun. We have just mounted the light to the autopole. Uh, next step is to create an overhead rig. This is where things start to get a little bit complicated now. And this is probably most studios don't need an overhead rake, but I like having one in mine with more bits and bobs. So, this is this sort of L-shaped bracket thing that you can attach a light to. This is a super clamp. This is the freedom on XLR cables there. Ah, this is another Freedom One. Lovely. You can never have too many of these little bad boys. Always super super handy. Oh, this one even comes with ah this looks like a Oh, it's a camera mounting thing. You can mount a camera to one of these as well. So, at some point I might even replace this tripod with another waterfall. I happen to have a tripod lying around which has one of these like ball head things on it that has this sort of rotational ability so that it can kind of rotate. If you stick a camera on it, you can kind of rotate it like 90 degrees, 180 or sort of 90° and downwards. And what I want to do is use this to create an overhead camera rig. So this is what we're going to do. We've got here another super clamp attached to another freedom arm. We're going to attach another super clamp to the freedom to the freedom arm. So now we have a double clamp setup. This is a little excessive, but you can make do with the material you've got. And now we are going to attach this bad boy to the clamp so that we can attach this to the autopole, this to the clamp, and we're going to have an overhead setup. It's a bit It's a bit ad hoc, but I think it will get the job done quite nicely. So, what we're doing is attaching a super clamp up to the top of this auto pull is going to go over here somewhere. It's a bit like precarious, but I think this is how we're going to get an overhead camera rig installed without it taking up a huge amount of space. Okay, now we can mount this camera to this bad boy. Let's see what that does to the weight. Oh, it holds the weight perfectly. Fantastic. I love it when a plan comes together. Uh, let's just make sure everything's super tightened cuz I do not want this landing on my head. That would not be a good look. We now have what is a fairly reasonable looking overhead camera rig and can zoom in and out as needed, but I'll probably just keep it I don't know like roughly there. Good. So, at this point, we have a funky setup where this is what the main angle looks like from here. I can draw diagrams and stuff. I can switch to the overhead rig as needed. But this is what the setup looks like in this on this particular angle. Anyway, let's just start with the poster. I think the poster would be fun. We have these two posters. These are things that are not from IKEA. They are from Displate. Not sponsoring this video or anything. I really like Disc Plates because these are actually metallic posters with a matte finish, which means you don't see much like light glare on them. And because they're magnetic, you just attach a magnet to the wall and then the poster sticks to the magnet, which means if you're renting, you don't have to deal with like drilling holes and stuff in your wall to try and mount things. So, basically, I think this one is going to go here somewhere. The way this plate works is you get these little sticker things that you can stick to the wall. And the next order of business is to stick a magnet to the sticker and then hold on to it for a while. All right. So, we now we've got the magnet on the wall. Let me just stick this on. Hopefully, all has gone according to plan. It will just stick to the wall. Okay. I mean, that looks really solid. This is a solid looking YouTube studio setup. I love this. This is great. Oh no, this microphone stopped recording. Whoops. All righty. So, you can see how things have shaped up. Hopefully, the audio sounds significantly better. The microphone is still a little bit far away from me cuz I'm mounted it directly on the camera. I'm waiting for delivery of a microphone boom thing to arrive so I can actually boom the microphone in from the autopole which would be nice. It would get a little bit closer to my mouth. Final order of business, we just need to put some stuff on the bookshelf and then we think are pretty much ready to go in terms of this YouTube studio. So, let's set up the bookshelf. We have emotional intelligence energy and motivation from Harvard Business Review Press. We have emotional intelligence happiness from HBR Press, The Happiness Pursuit by Chris Gilbo. I think we have a series of obviously kind of pop spirituality, the power of now, oneness with all life, and of course, A New Earth. We have Seal Care for Everyone. This is a book my wife wanted. Felt like nice on the shelf. We have Oliver Burkeman's fantastic book, 4,000 Weeks. We have The Love Prescription by John and Julie Gotman. I've not yet read it, but I want to. We have another one of Izzy's books, Zen, the Simple Art of Living. We have another Oliver Burkeman's new book, Meditations for Mortals, which I have not yet read, so that'll be fun. Build the life you want by Oprah Winfrey and Arthur Brooks, which is quite good. We have The Daily Dad by Ryan Holiday. I'm sort of want to be a dad someday, so I'm getting a getting a head start in the reading. We have You Are Here by Ticknut Han. We have The Book of Changu, Hen Classics. We have the Time Block Planner by Cal Newport that I've been been keen to try out for a while. We have The Art of War by Sunsu. All right, we're going to stick all these on the bookshelf, but I'm going to take a lunch break soon, so see you back very shortly. All right, we are back. Time to set up the books on the bookshelf, and then the studio setup is pretty much ready. Final order of business is we have these two little tiny Aperture NC light bulbs and we're going to stick them on shelf just for advice. All right, it's been a few weeks since I filmed the video. I actually totally forgot to record an outro for it. So, that's what this is. I think there's a couple of changes. I added a little blue light down there just for the vibes and otherwise it's broadly the same. This has been a quite a long video. I hope you got some value from it. Um, if you have any questions about the studio setup, please leave them in a comment down below. I will be looking through all the comments and maybe I'll do a refreshed version at some point in the future. If you're interested in more stuff about YouTube, then you might like to check out the part-time YouTuber Academy. And if you would like to know exactly what I would do if I were starting a YouTube channel completely from scratch today, that is a video right over here. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [69 likes]: Just launched - Superfocus: Our new productivity app for people with more ambition than time. Check it out here (limited time discount) - https://go.aliabdaal.com/superfocus/ytpc
  2. @amylouise_art_design [4 likes]: "Generally...you don't want stuff sprouting from your body" is both true and the funniest way I've heard that described. Thank you for this very helpful video.
  3. @emmanuellaonajite8824 [1 likes]: wow
  4. @CarolynRoseOfficial [1 likes]: Wow! I’ve always admired your studio set up and am mind blown at how you made it look so good in such a small space. I would have never thought it was a small room like this. Amazing job 🙌
  5. @joaopaulobg: sponsored by ikea? lol
  6. @otakuuniverse116: Ankoor warikoo learned from here
  7. @brakhotskii_anton: Which power bank do you use for amaran f22x? Link please 🙏
  8. @jaysay.youtube: honest question... why wouldnt you make the most of that amazing view?
  9. @PetParadise121: Beautiful
  10. @khmerkaraoke2984: You still in Hong Kong now?
  11. @oldmanfromafrica: First rule of backgrounds is no clutter.
  12. @smmohub: Wow, I've seen this book from Vietnam!
  13. @ClintLoweMusic: So I need a lot of stuff 🎥
  14. @cruiz526: It's so ridiculously helpful to know I am not the only one who rearranges my background decor a million times
  15. @chrislogan6122: There is more ads than actuall tutorial
  16. @Willy_The_Creator: I like this
  17. @Profanswers: That looks nice
  18. @joerichardsonre: Very helpful thank you.
  19. @versafem: Okay first of all am just going to say that's not small place 😁😁
  20. @skitzaart: If I had a empty spare room Iknow exactly what I would do. I wanna know how to setup a "studio" in my living room without obstructing anyones comodity, with 5yo running around and with my wife and I working 7-15 . Riddle me that :)

- Lighting For Youtube Videos in SMALL Rooms and Spaces: Kind: captions Language: en i've been getting a ton of comments asking how to light small spaces so today i want to answer those comments with this video i'll be talking about how you can use camera placement and lighting to completely transform your space let's go [Music] [Applause] all right welcome back to the channel as mentioned before today we are talking about lighting for small spaces we're gonna head on over to my friend mariah's house and we're going to transform her spare room into a youtube set first things first i want to show a before shot of what i think a lot of people would sort of start with for their youtube video and that's to simply sit on the couch or the chair right up against the wall by doing this you're actually making your small space even smaller so this is typically how a lot of people may start their shot just kind of wherever their desk is they might flip their chair around the problem with that is you're going to lose some depth and you're not going to have as much control of the lights because you don't have as much space behind you to work with instead you should try shifting things around so that you're shooting towards a corner this way you can use the full diagonal length of the room when it comes to lighting and video in general having space behind you is really really good let's go ahead and bring in the key light i'm not going to turn it on just yet but i am going to get it into position let's go ahead and place it at about a 45 degree angle from the subject slightly elevated and angled down what i like to do next is to create a blank canvas by turning off all the lights let's go ahead and close the blinds on the window so that we don't get any light pollution or see any unwanted reflections of our lights in the glass i will also close the door to the room so no light spills in from the hallway then i will turn off the room lights and add in the key light as you can see it's super bright and that's partly because of how close we are in this smaller space one of the things you may not realize is that having a smaller space is actually an advantage because you don't need as powerful of lights or as many lights to get a good shot let's turn the key light down to about 20 percent we'll also change the color temperature to about 4 600 kelvin which on this light is the white setting this is already looking way better notice the dark circles in the eye are gone and we have a nice diffused flattering light which creates a nice little sparkle in the eye as well hey there i hope you are enjoying this video so far if you are this is a great time to go ahead and hit that like button and subscribe to the channel i also want to take a moment to talk to you about today's sponsor skillshare skillshare is an online community designed for creatives with thousands of classes you can level up your skills in a ton of different areas lighting photography video youtube and so much more i actually started using skillshare back in 2015 as i was starting my own creative business it was a valuable resource for me because i was able to get relevant information from creators who were ahead of me this helped me go further faster currently i'm taking the productivity for creatives class by thomas frank and it is gold it's helping me learn how to balance my creative space schedule and workflow because skillshare is a community designed for learning there's actually no ads which means no distractions right now the first 1000 of you to go down and click the link in the description will get a free trial of their premium membership as i say all the time on this channel my goal is to be a resource to creatives and sometimes that means sharing what some of my favorite resources are and that includes skillshare alright thanks for listening let's get back to the video for the next step we're going to add in a rim light which is also known as hair light rim lights are used to create separation between the subject and the background by creating an outline around them to accomplish this today we'll use a young nuo yn360 bar light attached to a ball head adapter on a light stand so that we can pivot it to the side and get it right over top of the subject this will get the light right on the hair and shoulders notice how this really makes her pop out from the background lastly we'll add in a background light for this shot today i'll be using this cool floor lamp sent to me by gobi i am using this lamp because it doesn't actually need a light stand which will save us quite a bit of space on the floor plus it's pretty tall which will help maximize our vertical space this light is color temperature adjustable it's full rgb and has a ton of built-in effects which makes it really cool and really interesting as a background light you can go for a nice natural look or you can spice it up a little bit with some color personally i think blue is looking pretty cool man this is a crazy difference from where we started and we only used three lights alright everybody i hope that you have enjoyed this video and found some value from it if you want to check out any of the lights used in this video or you want to check out skillshare i've put a ton of links down in the description as a resource for you before you guys leave make sure to like this video subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnplank4055 [1 likes]: I really did not know you could maximize such a small space with just different lighting. Thanks for the tutorial!
  2. @JohnnyGuitarRocks [1 likes]: Very interesting that the WHITE setting on the remote is equivalent to 4600 kelvin.  I was wondering what kelvin temperature is associated with the COLD remote button...do you know?  Thanks Ben!
  3. @jenniferchukwuka6439 [1 likes]: I have tried everything with the lights I have and I'm still struggling, I need help
  4. @benjohnsoncreative: I just launched the ⚡Creator Starter Pack: https://www.benjohnsoncreative.com/start
The ULTIMATE Guide for Content Creators looking to take their content to the next level this year. It includes a niche finder, brand template emails, monetization strategies, viral titles and hooks, thumbnail templates and more.
  5. @miksologia: "Only used three lights"... I think three lights is a LOT for something that should be achieved by just one light.
  6. @kingbras5009: great stuff brother...
  7. @vladimir-bb: video length - 6 min
ads - 1.5 min
well settled
  8. @prateeksharma5051: But i dont have lights and all, just a phone and mic.
  9. @CaptZedjay: Thank you
  10. @renae82w: Hello! I've been scrolling through videos for I don't know how long now and have done this I don't know how many times in the past! I make garlands that I sell in my Etsy shop. They are 6 feet long, 6 inches wide and 4-5 inches high. I try to use my fireplace mantel to show customers what they are for/how to use them etc. The lighting in my home always makes my pictures look drab, dreary, dingy, stuff like that! There is a lot of windows but they all have tint on them (no window treatments). I get shadows too! Can you help me with how to use light to take pics of my mantel that look natural, realistic and bright!? How many lights will I need and what kind? Budget friendly would really be helpful..... Also, I think my products would definitely sell better if my lighting was better, rather than dark and dingy! Thank you
  11. @ApollosArtChild: Hey man this is AMAZING. I'm currently living in a really small work space (6x6ft kind of space) I was wondering if a smaller LED panel would be able to achieve the same brightness for keylights?
  12. @sherintalkzaustralia: Latern box or rectangular or honeycomb is better for youtube single person talking videos?
  13. @positivelyalli: You have really been helping me level up my lighting game! Thank you!
  14. @CasioBioassay: it's a big improvement but you have some white patches on her face - forehead, under cheeks and chin.
  15. @YouDontScareMeYT: Yeaaah, I have even less space. I have a 25"x59" space between my desk and the wall. I film my videos in a closet.
  16. @IAmPhasion: This was such a good video but i don’t know where to store all this 😒
  17. @SnortsOfHappiness: you are a MASTER
  18. @landrecce: This was a really helpful demonstration! Thanks man!
  19. @VersionZeroTech: Hey, Ben, i know this is 3 years later but i'm really interested to know the brand of those rgb tubes featured at 3:39 i would really love it to get an answer from you, very informative video btw
  20. @barbiebrenda: This amazing video made me to subscribe ❤

- Cinematic Lighting in Small Spaces on a Budget - Part 2: Kind: captions Language: en in the second part of our cinematic lighting in a small space series we'll take a look at how we lit these two shots in tight spaces on a budget utilizing small led lighting units this video is brought to you by xyro a great website and online store builder which we'll be touching on a little later so let's take a look at our first location [Music] we're shooting in a small workshop with an extremely low ceiling what we'd like to do is have our subjects stood behind this bench which happens to be the side of the room with the least space so we're going to struggle to place lights around this area which ideally is where we want them if we're going to create something moody and cinematic now we do have this space in front of the bench but it's going to be a little difficult to light from here without making the light in the scene flat we need to design a lighting setup that will add a little depth and dimensionality to our shot whilst trying to fit lighting units into this tiny space so a good option for this would be some smaller led lighting units a great choice here is the godox m1 we've got bicolor rgb mode and effects options all built into this tiny panel which gives us plenty of options and versatility when getting these units into tight spaces so now we know which lights we're going to use we can start building our scene thinking about typical workshop lighting scenarios especially in a small space one thing that comes to mind is ceiling lighting so maybe a single ceiling light is a key light lighting our subject we also have this door with a window back right so we could throw some light through the window and across this back wall maybe representing some fading evening light from outdoors spilling into the room the bicolor options on the godox units will come in handy here as we can set our top light to a tungsten balance and our window light to daylight let's jump right in and start lighting the scene and let's start with the light coming through the door we set up our m1 unit outside just a little above the height of the door tilted down one thing i really like about these m1 units is that they've got this articulated arm which makes it really easy to adjust the position of the light when mounted in a variety of situations like we have here so you can see here just our window light coming in across the back wall we set this to around 6000 kelvin to keep it nice and cool and to better represent the color temperature of evening ambience so we could go ahead and add in our key now but we're going to add some fill light in first when adding fill light it's best to decide where your fill light is coming from in our case although we can see here that our shadows are pitch black if we were actually viewing this lighting situation with our own eyes and not the camera and there really was evening light coming through that door we'd probably just about be able to see into the shadows as those shadows would be filled in with our evening light bouncing around the room or perhaps there could be another smaller window behind the camera letting evening light into the room but less light than our back door in either situation it might look a little like this here's the image ungraded so you can see it a little clearer to achieve this we set up a muslim bounce behind our camera and used another godox m1 unit set at around 6500 kelvin bouncing from the muslin material we wanted to make sure that our fill light was nice and soft and muslin is a great material for ensuring a really soft even quality of light at the moment it may feel like the fail won't make a difference to our final shot but we'll see what it does soon finally let's turn on our key light which is representing some sort of ceiling light or panel to achieve this pool of light with a directional yet smooth quality to it we pinned a small square of muslim material onto the ceiling boom deferred godox m1 unit underneath it and bounced the light back onto our subject we also used some black cloth material to flag some of the light off of the back wall and to prevent it from interfering with our window light if we take a closer look at the shadows when our subject lowers his head you can see how our fill light is very very gently filling in the shadows and enabling us to see details on his face even when it's in darkness it is also creating an added subtle color contrast so along with the cooler background contrasting with our warm key we're tinting our shadows slightly cooler against the key as well so we've seen how small leds helped us for this scene how else can these tiny lighting units help us with lighting small spaces before we break down our next setup don't forget that you can grab my 21 minute color grading tutorial from my website detailing the process of grading two cinematic looks in davinci resolve for just eight pounds along with three practice dng files so you can grade along with the video i've recently made the move over to xyro which means now you can download the full quality tutorial straight from my website with an e-commerce plan from xyro you're able to upload and sell digital products up to 25 gigabytes in size which is absolutely great if you're looking to sell digital products online and you've previously been limited by upload size like i have if you also sell on facebook instagram or amazon you get the tools to manage this all in one place i've been looking into selling some of my photography work as prince for a while now and the ease of setting up an online store with xyro has just solidified my decision to do it zyro's also been the easiest site builder that i've used to build a website and storefront not to mention everything loads really fast when browsing and from a business perspective when you're trying to attract clients with your portfolio or your selling products speedy loading is definitely something you want not only to increase sales but to help you rank better on search engines click on the link in the video description or use the code rob ellis and you can get up to 81 percent off on xyro's one-year two-year and four-year premium plans for a limited time along with a free domain for a year so in our second setup we're shooting in the small attic space we've got this small area to shoot in with the door located on the floor to the back of the room we've decided to have our subject sat on the floor with some candles in front of him providing our key source of light so let's undo all of our lighting and see how this looks with just our candles now that's pretty different our candles alone aren't providing anywhere near enough light to have our subject exposed properly we're going to have to back up the candle light with some of our own light but before we do that let's build out the lighting for the room first we have our attic door in the back behind our subject so it might be nice to have some daylight spilling up from downstairs so we placed one of our godox m1 units pointing upwards through the door to make a splash of light on the roof to make for a more stylistic color contrast between the warm candles and cool daylight we set our color temperature to 8 500 kelvin next we added in our fill light motivated by our backlight like in our last setup and to provide that extra color contrast between shadows and highlights we did this the same way as last time by bouncing a second m1 led from some muslim material this time above the camera where we could fit for our key light we simply put our final m1 unit on the floor just out of frame with a layer of muslin material laid on top to slightly soften the output we use the candle effect mode on the godox to replicate the flicker of our candles so we actually had a lot of spill from both our fill and our key on the boxes either side of the frame we could have controlled this with flags or other black material but as we had nothing appropriate to hand while shooting we masked this out in post using resolve's power windows relying on post processing to fix things like this should often be your last option but these tools do exist for a reason and they can be extremely useful when you need them using smaller led lighting units can be very useful when lighting small areas allowing you the flexibility to place lights in tight spaces without taking up too much room and lights like the godox m1 give you a variety of options in terms of color temperature and effects making it much easier to implement the temperatures and effects intended for your scene grab my 21 minute color grading tutorial at rob ellis cinematography dot com forward slash downloads for just 8 pounds and get up to 81 off on yearly plans for your website with xyro using the link in the description or by using the code rob ellis you

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobEllisCinematographer [14 likes]: Thank you for watching! :D
https://zyro.com/special/robellis - use my link to get up to 81% on all 1 year+ plans with Zyro!
- or use the code: robellis
https://robelliscinematography.com/downloads - Two Cinematic Colour Grades in Davinci Resolve - 21 Minute Video Tutorial for £8! 

As usual, the beautiful music in this video was from Artlist: https://artlist.io/artlist-70446/?artlist_aid=RobEllis_888&utm_source=affiliate_p&utm_medium=RobEllis_888&utm_campaign=RobEllis_888 - sign up to Artlist using this link and get an extra 2 months free! :)
https://artgrid.io/Artgrid-114820/?artlist_aid=RobEllis_888&utm_source=affiliate_p&utm_medium=RobEllis_888&utm_campaign=RobEllis_888 - and subscribe to Artgrid for amazing quality stock footage and get an extra 2 months free with this link! :)
  2. @MyPianoArchives [1 likes]: Rob Ellis has 100% became my favorite YouTuber — always gives such clear, concise, and informative videos. No fluff — just pure education. Love it, thank you!!
  3. @kristiyangoytchev3005 [1 likes]: Bro, what you do in your videos is the most epic thing someone can do... To show your audience how you lit a scene from 0 light to final results is just mind blowing and soooo much interesting! 🥰♥️😎 Love your work and all your videos ! Big BRAVO FOR YOU FEOM BULGARIA! 😎♥️✌️
  4. @TimKaelen: Great tutorial!
  5. @SOSUPADOPE: the music is mad distracting
  6. @fenixpotatoes: I wish I found this video last week, I just shot a scene with candles similar to that one but mine looks nothing like this 😅
  7. @rubendominguez9028: Love these videos. Thanks for being so generous with your knowledge.
  8. @serviceallies: Learning a ton from your videos thank you!
  9. @rasyasejati: this is the first tutorial i see that uses led rgb lights for all of the setup, and that makes this relatable and so helpful.
  10. @mikefei6934: wonderful :)
  11. @shubtravels1007: Hey Rob, I'm afraid the 21 min colour grading course isn't showing on your website, instead a 46 min lighting with colour course shows. Is the colour grading course part of the 46 min course? I have scoured the internet and have found your videos and understand of light to be supreme and thoroughly enjoy the concise and deep knowledge on the subject. Kindly help me find the colour grading course. Best, S
  12. @cocojam3: Amazing what you can do with those tiny lights. Looks awesome diffused through the muslin!
  13. @MihaiiPop: Great video, very informative. I’d like to know what you set your white balance on the camera too?
  14. @EmileXclusive: My goodness Rob. I was only 5 minutes in and your calm and illustrative approach to lighting is the best I've found. I appreciate your work man. You got yourself a full-time student. 🫡
  15. @chak_dz6961: Wooow, this isaart it's like color grading wih light❤😮
  16. @LilPassion: 🔥🔥🔥
  17. @antonythemaster933: Maestro of light
  18. @GodGifts.: THANKYOU SO MUCH THE GREATEST EXPLAINIAION  OF LIGHTING . LOVING TO MUCH
  19. @Ambar_34: What color temperature on the camera on first scene?
  20. @roccoclips7381: Great channel and videos. Tks for share your knowledge

- How I Film In Small Spaces On A Low Budget: Kind: captions Language: en I'm so bored. Then just create something with what? I don't have a camera. Yeah, well, you have your camera, your lights, and yourself. Yeah, but like I'm introverted and I want to stay home. >> Well, that's exactly what this video is about. >> 1 2 ready. Kick it. [music] >> Today I'm making a commercial for this piece of wood under $200 at home. Let's see if I lose my mind. >> [music] >> the idea. [music] We are turning this single piece of wood into an ad. Here's the thing. [music] People remember what they felt, but not what they saw. So, today we're not only selling this piece of wood. We are selling a whole vibe. [music] The Palisanto, aka this piece of wood, is known for focus, meditation, and clearing negative energy. First thing I thought of a traditional house in Kyoto. Obviously, I'm not in Kyoto right now, and I'm guessing you're not either. And if you are, then I'm jealous. So, because I love you so much, and as always, I love a challenge, I decided to build a '90s Japanese style room in my apartment from scratch right here, right now. [music] My concept is pretty simple. [music] I'm stuck in this small messy little room where I can't focus. I can't do my work and I just feel super unproductive. [music] But the moment I receive my palosanto and light it up, my room is suddenly neat. It's organized [music] and I feel productive again. I feel like calling friends, and I feel like doing my work. All of this taking place in this small box of room. Oh, so how? Well, I'm glad you asked. [music] To create the illusion of a Japanese traditional house, we are going to start with building a shoji door. You know, one of those like traditional rice paper Japanese doors. Yeah, that's what we're building. Let me break it down. [music] Safe to say, I think it's time to take a trip to the hardware store. When I wake up [music] feeling down and my friends [singing] ain't around. >> You'll need 4x2 m wooden frame slats around 8 to 10 thinner frame slats for the interior. Wood glue, [music] two planks, rice paper, your camera, a lamp or a light, your palos santo, [music] and random things around your house to dress your set. Mind you, I have no woodworking experiences whatsoever prior to this. So, if I can do it, you can do it, too. >> Wash your face and comb your hair. Fantast. [music and singing] street with your [music] address on time. It's a bad time. It's a bad day. [singing and music] It's a bad time to do what you want. It's a bad time. [music] >> Okay. Well, so now all we have to do is basically wait for the glue to dry and see if this frame holds up. I'm super nervous because what is holding it together right now is tape like masking tape. And yeah, so far so good. We'll see how it goes. Guys, you would not freaking believe me when I say this. It stands. Oh my god, it is standing. This is like This is officially [music] the proudest moment of my life. >> And boom. Just like that, [music] we're done. >> I am absolutely [music] in awe of the lighting. So, this [music] is going to be our space. I want the first space to [music] feel aesthetically crammed and messy, like it was intentional, but also natural. cuz after all it is an act. So I grabbed everything I had around my house that I thought could pass as '90s bedroom deco. >> Said I need somebody to love [music and singing] me. I said I I said I listen to me [music] baby. I have no one. No, no, no, no. I have no. Now for the lighting. Since this is an unproductive, messy scene, I want the lighting to feel a little bit duller, harsh, and unflattering. Like bad lighting that makes you feel [music] stuck. I'm using just one light source to bounce off of a white fill to give it sort of that late afternoon duller look. A great thing to add texture would be haze. And I bought haze in a can for my last episode for the series, but this is optional. Perfect. It looks terrible. Exactly what we want. And here are the results. >> I [music] have no for this scene. I wanted it to transition into night because I wanted to show how long I've been there. And to do this, dim my light and made it cooler [music] in order to achieve that far away moonlight kind of effect. And then I added a practical light which is my night lamp in the scene. >> So this is where the magic actually happens. This scene is where I received the Palos Santo and I light it up and everything changes. Can I be honest with you? So this scene and this reel right here is actually the reason why I intended to create this whole scene and it really inspired this whole video. Actually for this shot you would have to create a bigger backlight source to create that silhouette through the shoe. >> And here are the results. >> For this scene, I wanted the lighting to feel sort of like a warm hug. I wanted it to feel like a golden hour warm soft lighting. And something I learned from the cinematographer Auntie Chang is that they use these shoji doors in the [music] set from Pachinko to basically create the softest lighting you could think of just because they didn't have much space to light and they had all these available shoe doors that they [music] use as diffusion. I'm using the shoji door as a natural diffuser. Placing my light behind it to create that [music] soft glowing effect you get from a natural window light. [singing] >> Same room, same lights, and a [music] completely different feeling. And now to put it all together. To actually be remembered and to leave a print in your audience's head, you need to have one thing, [music] good music to move them. With cheesy and generic music, your work feels like that, too. With Music Bed, you have authentic cinematic songs that add real depth to your piece and not just something that fills the spaces of your film. [music] Now's the time to stop settling for generic royalty-free music and sound effects and make the switch to Music Bed. Start [music] your 14-day free trial now with the link below and hear the difference for yourself. And these are the results. [music] Have you ever felt stuck? Like you don't know where your life is going. Well, we've got your back. >> You know what? [music] I actually almost didn't make this video because I didn't think I had it in me to make a shoe door or like a whole set out of my bedroom. But I guess this is exactly why I love film [music] making because this is what $200 of delusion looks like for you. Thank you so much for watching till the very end and watching this tutorial. I hope you liked it and I hope you could follow along. If you have any other suggestions on what I should do [music] next vlogging wise or tutorial-wise or anything video-wise, let me know in the comments and I'll see you till the next one. [music] Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @raisanoorakhi [1 likes]: im sorry i shouldnt say this but her gripping the bed sheets like that made my brain nasty 
bruh i need to touch some grass IM GENUINELY SORRY OKAY? IM SORRY
  2. @restartzeropoint [1 likes]: awesome !!
  3. @FunkGen [1 likes]: please, add hot water in the 떡볶이
  4. @iliketoplant [1 likes]: what happens if you dont need it anymore??
  5. @ulisperspective [1 likes]: Your so dope🔥
  6. @teacharu6482 [1 likes]: This is absolute cinema 😭 you’re my favorite youtuber rn
  7. @VisionHarrie: Love the vibes but the setup dont look low budget 😅
  8. @mariefprats: Your work is incredible. You're so inspiring. <3
  9. @iaissamorato: Masterpiece
  10. @bikegeist: This was really good. I live in a small house, so this was very interesting. I wonder why you chose the same music for the before and after.
  11. @RizChannel-5758: bagaimana kamu membuat konsep sebuah video untuk sebuah konsep video? insane
  12. @Hoeezier: how to shoot from top angle. From above angle?
  13. @AshamKhane: This was beautiful ❤❤
  14. @Skanda1111: Hey! Just stumbled upon your channel. Frankly, your choice of music is amazing. Beautifully shot and decently framed, but I don't want to sound like a dick, but the final output felt very flat. Especially the lighting. You've put together a beautiful set though. Just my two cents. All the best!
  15. @kasianathompson1159: Found you on instagram! You made it into my algorithm keep being amazing, your video actually kept my attention there enter time
  16. @vicentelil3290: highkey could be a weed promo lol
  17. @vicentelil3290: im such a hater cuz why am i so jealous
  18. @mamunaa1131: Be a intelligent to the Truth let's see
  19. @cee2theworld: this is my first impression of you and..I'm in love.
  20. @DIMASOFFICALCHANEL: Wow, lucky YouTube helped me find something like this. You are my inspiration for creating storytelling content.

- Cinematic Lighting In A Small Space On A Budget - Part 1: Kind: captions Language: en in the first part of our lighting a small space video we'll take a look at a simple approach to replicate the sun shining through some blinds and onto our subject so taking a look at our room we barely have enough space here for lights really our only option is to place lights in this small gangway between the bed and the wall with the potential to boom lights over the bed if necessary the main area we're going to be able to place our subject is the bed and our window is just behind it so we can use this window as a motivating source but using big soft light it's going to be a little hard to control in this space so let's go for something a little harder and more direct and try to replicate the sun shooting through the window [Music] our room is on the second floor and we don't have the tools to place a light outside of the window but that's okay if you use something as simple as a mirror we can place our light inside the room and bounce it back to where we need it to be first of all we'll black out the window so that we don't have any stray light coming in we just use two layers of black material here to adequately block out the light next we can place our mirror and turn on our light we use the godox fe-150 here now the mirror is a reflect in our light but it's difficult to tell as we have lights spilling all around the room a good solution to this would be to add a fresnel or spot attachment to our light to control and cut down on our spill however with a low budget you might not have these tools so we're going to wrap some cine foil around our lighting unit to control the spill our example was quickly put together here and a little messy but you should always be careful of blocking fans and vents on your lights so that they don't overheat make sure you don't have any of your cine foil touching the bulb you can see now that our light spread is far more controlled and our mirror is reflecting the light into a nice little pocket on the bed this already looks like a nice patch of sunlight coming through the window to cut down on the harshness of this light and to add interest and mood to our image we can simply pull down our blinds to add some shape this could also be done with something like a kookaloris boomed in front of the mirror if you need some more control over the pattern now our blinds are quite thin and lightly coloured because of this as well as our light coming through the gaps our light is also bouncing off the blinds on one side and passing through the blinds on the mirror side creating extra fill light in our shadows this is actually useful as it means we don't need another light for phil and it gives us the flexibility to push and pull our shadows in post to convey a darker or lighter scene whilst retaining a good amount of dynamic range now because of the angle of our sunlight it wasn't 100 certain that we would always have a catch light in the eye depending on how the subject moved his eyes so he also added in an extra light boomed above the subject to make sure we always had a little highlight we used the godox lc 500r led tube matching the color temperature of our fv-150 boomed above and bouncing from a tiny point on this paper lantern that we already had hanging from the ceiling we turned the output of this light right down so it wasn't affecting our overall exposure but still gave us just enough to reflect in our subjects eyes so by utilizing something simple like a you're able to have light in places you might not otherwise be able to fit lighting units this opens up more possibilities for shooting in a small space like this and you could buy things like mirrorboard and be even more flexible with where you can reflect your light hopefully this has helped in giving you something to think about in terms of lighting a space like this experimenting with things like mirrors is a great way to improve on your lighting skills and help you to think about how you can light a scene with the tools and restrictions that you may have if you're interested in how i color grade my work i've just added a 21 minute tutorial video to my website for just eight pounds the tutorial takes you through the grading process and davinci resolve for two cinematic looks a more modern punchy look and a more classical filmic look i've also included some practice dng files so you can grade along with the video head over to www.robelliscinematography.com forward slash downloads to grab the

  Top Comments:
  1. @CarlaDeBouchet [2 likes]: This was just amazing! I stumbled across part 2 and had to come back for part 1. Always wondered how smaller LED panels and lights can be achieved to create cinematic lighting effects. This has upped my understanding of light. Thank you!
  2. @KantSleep [1 likes]: Still here. i'm going to watch them all and then watch them again. Learning a ton. Thanks, I'm already seeing progress!
  3. @qtben17 [1 likes]: These light shaping techniques are gold. Simple household items that turn into useful tools. Thank you
  4. @mishapodsnyal: You are the best, man! Your videos are incredibly helpful
  5. @nayuran: So inspiring, thank you Rob!
  6. @francisthechange: This is so helpful. Thank you!
  7. @mashudali8482: OMG - I need to do this!
  8. @Y.yummy17: How to build a romantic scene with 3point lighting set up
  9. @leozorzi: This man is a genius
  10. @yomarcelojeje: Great video. Even greater solution to tight spaces lighting
  11. @DodInTheSky: Watching your videos I realised that there are 2 kinds of people. Those who find solutions and those who find excuses. Unfortunately I’m in the second category.
  12. @Tanoaproductionsfiji: Great content overall!! Thank you!
  13. @Tanoaproductionsfiji: Genius! Thank you!
  14. @aisid44: Great content Rob.
  15. @kai.creates: Amazing! can you PLEASE do a tutorial on the coloring of that shot in particular? it's so good.
  16. @rashedsiyamand6124: Thank you so much
  17. @truth884: How do you expose so the dark areas don’t have a lot of noise? Oh and this was a great video. It’s so obvious and is extremely brilliant.
  18. @nattuvibeproductions: Great idea
Its really helpful especially a beginner like me.
Thank you
  19. @omgdianna: this so COOL!!! could u do more videos on creative cinematography like this?
  20. @salmosdelanoche: Lol. I just noticed I had already commented before. Simply genius

- How to film *good* YouTube videos in a small space: Kind: captions Language: en this video is sponsored by storyblocks if you're waiting until you have enough space to properly film your YouTube videos then stop waiting I make almost all of my YouTube videos in this 70 square foot space and I can make it look much bigger than that and I'm going to show you how it's really important to me that my videos are visually Dynamic and then I've got a few different backgrounds or scenes that I can rotate through to switch it up I really think that it helps to break up the video a little bit and keep the viewer more engaged it doesn't feel so like same old same old as I just sit and talk to you for the next 15 minutes so I've created five separate filming spots within this little end of my condo which is my first tip for you as much as possible even if you are working with a small space I really want to encourage you to include as many different angles as possible this is one of the biggest tips that I have for keeping your viewers engaged increasing that view duration and ultimately helping your videos in the algorithm but I think a lot of creators think that they are held back by the size of their filming space from being able to do that but I have figured out how to make my video goes visually Dynamic by just literally using every single spot that I have in my house to sit down as a different filming background but if you don't even have that option because I am really lucky to have a lot of natural light if you only have one background that really looks good for a YouTube video you could consider adding a second angle you don't even need to have two cameras for this you can literally just deliver your script or your outline to your camera in one position and then you can stop recording and physically move that same camera to your second position and then deliver the lines that you want to have in that second position and then cut between them and editing I know I know it sounds really dorky but like that's actually the easiest way to do it another tip that I have for getting multiple angles even in a small space is to shoot your videos in 4k if you can and then punch into a tighter angle every so often honestly I will even do this with 1080p footage but it just means that I will only ever crop into 125 percent when I'm shooting in 1080P whereas if I shoot in 4k I will crop all the way into 200 percent just to maintain like the video quality but when I do shoot in 4k what I'll do is I'll set my camera up a little bit further away from me so that I kind of have one wide view and then I have the more cropped in view that I'll cut to for emphasis basically it's very easy to do in Premiere Pro later you can just select the clip go over to the effect controls and then change your scale to 200 and then even if you shoot in 4k then you just export everything at 1080P and then the quality looks consistent across all of your Clips so whether you have a big Studio or not these are all great ways to get multiple different views different angles different scenes into your video to make it look more engaging so as you can see even in a small space there is a lot that you can do to make your videos more visually interesting but even if you can't have the most extensive or like beautiful set for your videos or you're working with what you've got at home you can still make your videos visually interesting by incorporating a lot of b-roll which which is my next tip for you if you create videos in a small space there's lots of ways that you can incorporate b-roll in your videos I like to record my own b-roll every so often so just set up the camera and do some kind of everyday life action obviously you want your b-roll Clips to be relevant to the topic of your video so when I am planning out and scripting my videos I like to keep a running shot list of potential visual representations of what I'm saying because ideally there's not a lot of me just like describing stuff to you I want to be able to show it in a visual way while I'm talking so I'll make notes about that while I'm planning the video so that when I'm shooting I can gather all that b-roll that obviously keeps the videos more interesting but even if you can't shoot your own b-roll you can incorporate some awesome footage from the sponsor of today's video storyblocks if you haven't heard of storyblocks before it is a awesome solution for YouTube creators because it is a stock media library that you get one unlimited access subscription to and you can download all of the stock footage and animation templates and music that you might need for your YouTube videos and storyblocks makes it super easy like I said it's just one subscription there's no additional fees for licensing or like a la carte pricing or anything like that and everything you download from storyblocks you have permission to use in your YouTube videos I've personally been obsessed with the new storyblocks Premiere Pro plugin so I love to edit my YouTube videos in Premiere Pro and storyblocks has this awesome plugin where it's just like an additional window inside Premiere that you can just click over to and right away start searching for the stock footage that you need so it makes the workflow super smooth and seriously whatever b-roll you might need for the video You're editing right now with that plug-in like it's just a few clicks away from being on that timeline so especially if you're trying to make your videos more visually Dynamic but you're dealing with limited space for filming I think storyblocks is going to be your best friend so you can sign up for yourself using the link in my description trust me you won't regret it it's going to be a total game changer for your content my third it for shooting YouTube videos in a small space is to make sure that you have good lighting just because you don't have a massive Studio to film your YouTube videos in doesn't mean that they can't be well lit now I'm really lucky to have the big windows that I do so I shoot my videos mostly with natural light and if you can do that too it's a huge asset it's so much easier so if you can find anywhere in your home no matter how small it is that has nice lighting try to film in that space But if that's not possible you can also use artificial light and these don't need to be massive like softbox studio lights either I love this one it's the aputure alf7 and it's so small and portable this is actually the main light that I use when I'm filming YouTube videos when I'm traveling in my camper van I just set it up on an additional tripod and then there are batteries that you can plug into this like the Sony L Series batteries work with this light they're very expensive and I don't own any but you can plug in just a USB battery bank which a lot of us have kicking around so you can just plug that in that will be the battery for your light and the cool thing about this particular light is that you can set the color temperature and the brightness so I love being able to adjust the color temperature because you can make it match whatever natural light you do have because that's one problem when you're mixing natural and artificial light I don't know if you've ever noticed this but usually in my YouTube videos all of the overhead lights in my apartment are turned off because they don't match the natural light coming in the window but with this aputure lf7 I can change the color temperature so that it matches the light I already have and then I basically just set it up to bounce off of a white surface which for me I have lots of White Walls everywhere so I just use that as my reflector surface which works really well because hot tip if you just point the light towards you you'll probably have really harsh Shadows but if you bounce it off of a wall it will be a lot more diffused so for example right now you can see the light is bouncing off the wall towards me there's not a lot of like crazy Shadows going on but if I turn it around and point it right at me it's a little bit more harsh I feel like you can kind of tell that I've got like this Spotlight on me so it's a little bit nicer if you bounce it off of the wall especially because I'm just using it as a fill light um to pair with my window light so if you're struggling with Lighting in your small space highly recommend a little light like that it's linked in the description if you want so hopefully I've been able to prove to you that you don't need a big space and certainly not a dedicated Studio to film high quality YouTube videos there are so many techniques and tools that you can use in the smallest of spaces that I use when I'm filming in my van for example that allow me to create still nice looking and interesting to watch YouTube videos even with space limitations but here's the thing making good videos for YouTube is not just about the quality of your actual video file it's also about the quality of your storytelling so if you want to learn more storytelling strategies that will help increase your click-through rate increase your view duration and ultimately help your videos get more views then you're definitely going to want to check out this video and next and as always thank you so much for watching I hope you're having adventures and following your dreams and I'll catch you in the next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @holly_cuperus [8 likes]: Lighting is a huge issue for me. I'd love to see a bird's eye view of a filming setup with a small light. I struggle with figuring out how to place everything. in a small space.
  2. @XInfinity2026 [2 likes]: Another thing is that depending what you have in the room you could change up the layout and background to keep it feeling fresh.
  3. @dorapatrick8797 [1 likes]: What basic knowledge does one need to start?  I know nothing about editing,  how to make words pop up,  insert pictures on side while I am filming.. Is there a class I can attend to learn all this?   Also, I have an idea on a niche.  In a previous video I saw you mentioned to think through having a purpose, think about what reason will I provide people to want to watch my videos.  How do I know if my niche is a good idea?
  4. @CamillaChu [1 likes]: As a creator who is stepping into vloggin, interviews and alike, I am LOVING your content!
I have a great understanding of creation and how-to, but having ADHD can make it quite the task brining my ideas and gutfeeling to life - Seeing your videos, learning, become inspired by them - I cannot thank you enough!
  5. @YaritzaBetancourt [1 likes]: I just need to plan my videos better in advance. So I can incorporate some of these strategies. Sometimes I film b-roll but it’s always an after thought while editing. Also you said I can film in 4K but export in 1080p 🤔 I need to learn how to to do this.
  6. @DarkAshes27 [1 likes]: im more waiting on privacy and a better background... no one likes to sit and talk to the camera with people around 🙄 but im a mom, so privacy doesn't exist.
  7. @VincentForDesign: Extremely helpful!!
  8. @ktln4060: Katie when I finally become a ytber it will b bc of you xxx
  9. @RuggedDoug: Throughly enjoyed the content.
  10. @aminaguira7010: Do you memorize your script ? how do you do to deliver a neat video with some actual deepness into what you say without going of topic.
  11. @anamosa1574: Another banger! Thanks !
  12. @Curvy.Fitness: This is so helpful, thank you!!
  13. @maferstea: Thanks for the tipssss :eyes-pink-heart-shape:
  14. @chintocompanychinto1645: Nice kati keep it up
  15. @Mssebn11: Thanks for your help and content. I stumbled across your YouTube channel and it’s really helpful.
  16. @coreystrawn4532: Thanks for the great tips Katie😃. I really enjoy your videos and look forward to watching them.
  17. @CharmingTracyRobin: THANK YOU ❤️!!!
  18. @LaurenVacula: Katie - I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!! You are always bringing all the tips and tricks- THANK YOU!!!
  19. @Stampedinink: Thank you, Kaitie!  your videos have been very helpful for this newbie.
  20. @taleswithnimisha: Thanks so much! I just started my channel recently and am learning about sound and editing slowly. This was so helpful. 🫶🏼

- How to shoot a talking head shot for Youtube in a small space. (Using affordable equipment): Kind: captions Language: en this small space that i'm standing in measures 120 by 70 cm and it is all i have to get a talking head shot for my youtube videos just like this one and today i'm going to show you how hey guys what's up my name is bernard and welcome to the channel in today's video i'll be going through all the equipment that i use to achieve this talking head shot that you're seeing right now and i'm going to show you how i set it up the equipment i'm using is not exactly cheap but it is still pretty affordable and it is a good investment in the long run not all equipment mentioned will be compulsory but it will definitely add production value to the overall image i will list the equipment in the order of importance so first up we have the camera my camera of choice is the a7 3. obviously you do not need an expensive camera just for this any camera with video recording capabilities would work even something as simple as your smartphone but if you chose to go with a camera like mine the next thing you'll need is a lens as we are in a tight space i would recommend using a lens that's 28 mm or wider if you're using a tight lens like a 50mm your shot will end up looking like this the next key ingredient for your video is good audio as i'm in such close proximity to my camera i decided to use a shotgun mic mounted on the camera if i was any further away from the camera i would opt to boom up the microphone or to use a wireless left instead the fourth thing you will need for your video is light lights are very important because without light your videos will end up looking like this there are a few ways to light your video you can use natural light like what i'm doing right now however i prefer not to use this method as the sunlight can change over time and this can make hard cuts in your video very apparent your next option is to black out your room and use your room light however you might find that the light isn't bright enough or that it isn't color accurate the best option is to use video lights and the first one you will need is a key light your key light should be the one with the brightest output i am using the hr672s as my key light and to soften it i use sheets of baking paper stapled together the next two lights aren't as essential but will definitely help make your shot look more professional i am using the aputure almw as a rim light i am also setting up the al f7 behind the computer as an ambient light as seen as an adjustable temperature the last step i do to finalize the overall image is to switch my monitor on to get some contrast in the background the last item is pretty much non-essential but it makes your life so much easier if you are using a camera with a screen that doesn't swivels out having an external monitor not only allows you to print the shot better it also allows you to monitor that everything is in order while you are filming this will help increase your productivity so i recommend that you get one if your budget allows you to that's pretty much what i do and use to get a talking head shot just like this one i hope you guys found this video useful and don't forget to like and subscribe if you did that's all for this video it's a wrap

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExistenceUniversity [5 likes]: The first youtube setup video that has ever used a physical tool to aid the video. I clicked specifically because a tape measure was in the thumbnail.
  2. @rjs8431 [5 likes]: Straight to the point with no fluff, excellent video man
  3. @sherwinh1661 [2 likes]: hi bro what camera do you recomend me to get for talking head youtube video? and also some real estate videography
  4. @sydneyraab [2 likes]: Would you say the a73 or 4 would do a good job for sit down videos
  5. @OwenNDawe [2 likes]: A well made video but demonstrating the most boring shot in the history of motion pictures and television. OK if you want to imitate a news reader. How about being a bit more creative by experimenting with vertical one third shots and graphics adding a bit of creativity..
  6. @JensWiese [2 likes]: This video was such a big help! I finally found the right setup and focal length!
  7. @yathprem [2 likes]: Dude your videos are awesome! Can't wait to see you grow - liked and sub'd from London! 🤟🏾
  8. @j.singer8461 [1 likes]: very useful.  I'm struggling with lighting my tiny home office for filming YouTube videos.  Please let use know what exact lights you use.  Only saw the camera gear in the description.
  9. @adlibra1 [1 likes]: This video is sooooo useful! thank you
  10. @ericphilpott9468 [1 likes]: Thank you! Great walkthrough! Do you use any sound baffling for your audio?
  11. @LemurFoxtrot [1 likes]: You probably won't see this but I have a question about the 35mm focal length.

I have a Sony A7S III and I'm looking to partner it with a 35mm f1.4 GM lens, but I only have around 70-80cm between me and the camera. 

Would this be too close of a shot ?.
  12. @DJMAJAY [1 likes]: nice video man!!!
  13. @rineilperez1633 [1 likes]: thanks for this bernard! Im using an iphone right now for my videos. will upgrade my camera after 52 videos lol almost there
  14. @godspeedjourneys2661 [1 likes]: Nicely done Barnard! I was born in Singapore myself so I immediately recognized the accent :D I've left a long time ago and Canada is my home. Great looking videos!
  15. @ronyema [1 likes]: I'm planning on starting mine and this one is definitely one of the quick digestible tips that I have watched
  16. @SuhasGokhaleSangli [1 likes]: Good video
  17. @SubodhhSharma [1 likes]: Very helpful and informative. Keep going. ❤️😊
  18. @liamhopkins29 [1 likes]: Gah, thank you so much. Awesome and concise video.
  19. @eliav770 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video. Am using a A7iii I just got. What is the exact feel world camera monitor you are using? How many inches?
  20. @basarat: Your content delivery “quality” is very similar to mine. I enjoyed this. Cheers 🍻 🌹

- Avoid THESE MISTAKES When Shooting in S-Log3: Kind: captions Language: en If you shoot on Sony and you want to get the best image quality out of your camera, your choice is SLOG 3. But as usual guys, there is a ton of nuances. So today, I'mma break it down for you. So this is the ultimate SLOG 3 guide. Let's go. Log format was invented to basically squeeze a pretty big dynamic range of your camera into a pretty small dynamic range of the container that we can record our videos in. And that is why the log video is not contrasty and saturated, but later on you can definitely bring it back and make it look as good as possible. I've already made a pretty popular SLO 3 workflow tutorial about 5 years ago, but nowadays we have new functions and features of your Sony cameras and this video will be much more in-depth. Why would you use SLOG 3 with your Sony camera? Because only in Slo 3. Cinei, you get the most dynamic range if you use the native ISO in Slo 3 of your camera. For example, here we have 800 on the FX30 and the Sony ZV1 which is filming me right now. It has 640 as the native ISO in SLOG 3. It means that if you use any other picture profile, your dynamic range will be shrinkedked and you won't get the best performance of your camera in the dynamic range department. And one more important note is that the raw video does not extend the dynamic range. It'll be exactly the same in the SLOG 3S Gamma 3 Cine and in RAW video. What RAW does is it allows you to change the white balance after the fact. But if you set your white balance correctly while shooting in SLOG 3 and not in RAW, you'll have pretty nice results and you can even tweak the white balance a lot in post. But also RAW disables the in camera noise reduction which can be pretty aggressive and you can reduce this noise with neat video for example in post and get slightly better results. One of my favorite YouTubers, Gerald Undone, also did multiple tests on the color reproduction in each and every picture profile. And he found out that the SLO 3 is the most color accurate picture profile. It has the most accurate colors overall. And here is my own comparison of the HLG with SLOG 3 and the PPF. And you can tell the difference in the color reproduction and especially skin tone. So I would say that yes, SLOG 3 is definitely the best in terms of the color from your Sony cameras. Also, at higher ISO values, SLOG 3 is cleaner than HLG or PP off, especially if you use the correct exposure. And it is crucial to expose to the right with SLOG 3. We'll talk about it in a second, but right now, you can see the difference in different ISO values of the SLOG 3 compared to picture profile off and HLG. And to my eye, the results are very obvious. The next advantage of SLOG 3 is of course the flexibility in post. So you have captured the best dynamic range, the biggest dynamic range of your camera and then in post you can decide do you want to keep the highlights or the shadows or both. But for example, if you were to shoot in PP off, you would have to decide beforehand should you protect the highlights or the shadows. In SLO 3, you can decide it in post and keep both highlights and shadows in the shot exposed correctly. And you can also manipulate the color a lot, especially if you have the 10- bit codec. I do not suggest using SLO 3 with 8-bit cameras only. And for 8-bit cameras, I would suggest using ASL 2. And I have a huge tutorial about the 8-bit cameras and ASL 2 workflow. So you can check this video in the description below. And one more important thing guys, bit depth, 8 bit and 10 bit as well as the color subsampling like 444, 4:22, 4 to 0, they do not have any impact on the dynamic range of your camera. It doesn't matter in which format you shoot. Dynamic range does not depend on those numbers. In modern Sony cinema cameras like the Sony FX30, we have three ways of engaging the log shooting mode. First of all, we have the lock shooting mode itself. We can enable flexible ISO or CI mode. And we also have the traditional picture profile mode. So you pick the picture profile from 1 to 10. For example, it's just the container and then you pick SLO 3 as gamma 3 CI inside of the container. And that's basically it. And here's the comparison of the flexible ISO, Cinei, and PP10, which could be actually any picture profile just set to SLO 3S gamma 3 Cinei. And as you can tell, guys, we have exactly the same exposure, dynamic range, everything is exactly the same. And the only difference is in the details because in the picture profile, I didn't set the details to minus 7. It was set to zero. And that is why we have a bit more sharpening from the camera itself. But if I were to set it to minus 7 in the detail department in the picture profile, it would look exactly the same. And also, if you use picture profiles, you can set different settings and make the image look a bit different for your likings. And here is another comparison. My Sony ZV1 in flexible ISO mode versus the PP10. And the same story here. We have only the difference in the sharpening department, in the detail department. And basically those two images are exactly the same. Even if you see like super slight deviations in the lightness of the image or the saturation, those are negligible. So basically, Cinei, flexible ISO and PP, if you set the SLA 3S 3C are exactly the same. So Cinei is not some magic mode. It's like exactly the same as the flexible ISO. And I would prefer using the flexible ISO for very particular reasons which I'll be sharing right now. So in Cinei, you are stuck to 800 and 2500 ISO if you use Sony FX30 for the native ISOs and you cannot use any other ISO values. It's pretty cool, but it's not really worth it because ASL 3 needs to be exposed correctly or overexposed slightly quote unquote. Not really overexposing, but exposing to the right as high as possible. So the image should be pretty bright and later on in post you have to lower the exposure and suppress the noise. That's the key point of shooting pretty clean and nicer looking log footage on any camera, not only in SLOG 3. And yes, guys, log footage does have some noise, especially ungraded log footage. And even graded log footage can have some noise in it because if you have a pretty poorly lit environment and you didn't have enough lights and your ISO value was already pretty high and you didn't have any faster lens, for example, and you didn't expose log footage correctly, you will have some noise in the image. It's fine. It's okay. Any footage can be noisy if you have pretty badly lit environment. Just keep that in mind, guys. But also, you can use some post-processing and noise reduction like neat video or in the Vinci Resolve or even some AI tools to reduce the noise if you cannot live with the noise in your image. But guys, just keep in mind that any image should have certain amount of noise and that it is normal to have noise. In films, you have a lot of noise because they are shot on film and in film you have a ton of grain and noise. Just don't overestimate the importance of the noise-free image guys. And here is the example of underexposed log footage. So this is how you shouldn't do it because we have a lot of information in the lower part of the waveform closer to zero and you will have to raise this exposure in post and get more noise. But if you expose correctly, your shadows should be above 25 ideally and then you'll lower the exposure in post and get super clean shadows. And because of this, exposed to the right rule, I do prefer the flexible ISO because when you use Cine EI, you are stuck to 800 and 2500 on the FX30 and 640 and 12,800 on the ZV1 and you cannot go past those numbers. But if you need to expose higher, if your aperture is already open, if you cannot move the shutter speed, if you don't have extra lights in in the scene, anyways, you need to expose higher, you need to expose more to the right. And that is why you can raise the ISO inflexible ISO and get cleaner images. For example, right here you can see how I exposed at 12,800 with the FX30. And this camera has the base ISO of 2500 as the second native ISO, but still I was getting better results than in the Cine EI mode because I was exposing higher or more to the right. The only thing you need to remember when using flexible ISO is your native ISOs. And don't use the numbers that are close to native ISOs. for example, I don't have to use 10,000 ISO on the ZV1 when I can go to 12,800. And I would go to 3200 ISO, for example, on the ZV1. And then I would switch to the second native ISO manually. And this makes a lot of sense. But then if I need to go higher than 12,800, I would go to up to 100,000 ISO if I need to to expose correctly and to get better results. Here is one more example of underexposed luck and properly exposed luck. Even though we were having huge ISO numbers like 200,000 ISO, but still we get better results. It happens because your camera sees very low exposure and it tries to apply a lot of noise reduction. But when you raise the ISO, you raise the exposure. Camera understands that it doesn't have to correct it with noise reduction a lot and you get much cleaner results. The easiest way to expose correctly or to the right with SLO 3 is to use a lot for minus 2 EV. So the lot will be kind of tricking your eyes and you'll be exposing higher by two stops and your eyes will see a normally exposed image. And for the last five years I've been using the lot by Alistair Chapman. It is free and I have a link down below. Huge shout out to Alistister. He's a great guy. And basically this lot resolves the problem of exposing correctly just by eye. But we have several different tools which I'll explain in a second. And also guys don't forget that with the lot applied it is much easier to set your white balance correctly as well. And I also use this lot for post-processing, but you don't have to. This lot is just great for exposing correctly in camera. Most modern Sony cameras these days have an ability to import the lot into camera, and I highly recommend you do so. But if your camera doesn't support this feature, just purchase an on camera monitor, and I've been using, for example, my Sony A7S3 with a monitor all times with this Alistister Chapman LUS and had pretty nice results. There is one more function in Sony cameras, and it's so misleading. It is called gamma display assist. When you enable this function, the image becomes contrasty and saturated. But in this mode, you underexpose like crazy because on the display you can see that your highlights are blown out, super overexposed when in the reality you have a lot of headroom. And that is why you get pretty uh low exposure in your shots and a lot of noise in the shadows as well. That is why guys never use the gamma display assist and always use the lot for minus2 EV or minus two stops by Alistister Chapman for your exposure. If your camera doesn't support lots, once again, just use the on camera monitor and import the lot to the monitor itself. There is also a function embed lot to clip. Basically, it bakes in the look of the lot to the video file itself. But in my experience, it's not the best way of using the SLO 3 workflow. And I would much rather have the clean SLO 3 footage and then apply the lot in post. And one of the biggest misleading pieces of advice that I hear all the time about the SLOG 3 is that your exposure meter should always show like plus 1.7 or plus two stops. No guys, the thing is that the exposure meter, it measures the whole entire frame if you pick the exposure metering like wide and this is a relative number because all the time you'll be having different scenes, different lighting, different amount of white in the scene, etc. Just imagine you're shooting in a theater and on the stage you have one person, you have a pretty white shot and this person is lit with a spotlight, pretty bright one and the background is complete darkness. What would you see on the Xanometer? Yes, guys, minus two. And if you try to put it to plus 2e, you'll have completely blown out skin tones. That is why guys don't even look at it. It's a reference number and it will mislead you in some situations. And I would much rather prefer using zebras. Zebra is your best friend when you shoot in SLOG because it is precise and you can really trust it. I keep the zebras on all the time and mainly I use two zebra values 95 when I expose for the sky. So I need to retain the clouds for example when they are lit by the sun. I'll expose as bright as possible until I see the zebra and then I'll lower the exposure just a little bit so the zebra is not appearing anymore. And the second value I use is 75 for the skin tone. I'll expose my brightest part of the face in the way that it is bright, but then I can see the zebra at 75 and I lower it down just a little bit. So my skin tone is around 70 to 75, at least for the white skin like I have right here. And if you use an on camera monitor, you can also use the false color tool which will show you the visual representation of your exposure or you can also use the waveform tool, but it's not as precise. There is one more pretty interesting factor when you use zebras. For example, when you use non-native ISOs, especially the lower numbers, when you go lower than the native ISO in SLO 3, you'll see the lines above and below the ISO value. It means that the dynamic range has been shrunk and then you have your clipping point at a lower IRV value. And that is why you won't see zebras if you use lower ISO values until, for example, you go lower in the zebra value to about 7075. So this means that your clipping point has now shifted. And all in all, when you use non-native ISOs, you kind of shift the dynamic range a little bit. For example, if you have lower ISO values, you'll have more dynamic range in the shadows. And when you have higher ISO values, you'll have slightly more dynamic range in the highlights, but lower in the shadows. It doesn't really make sense. It's counterintuitive a little bit, but just guys, keep it in mind. If you use the native ISO and the ND filter, like this one, for example, you'll be just fine. Just try not to use the lower values of the ISOs with the bars on top and bottom. And if you use the higher ISO values, you can definitely use those to expose correctly. As I've been explaining before, correct exposure, ETR, is much more important than using the native ISO. There is one more built-in tool which is called histogram, but it's super small in Sony cameras and it's not very responsive, let me say. So, you don't understand a lot of things when you look at the histogram. The only thing that you can definitely tell when you look at it is when you overexpose and the right part of the histogram hits the ceiling, let me say, of the histogram itself. I don't use it. I don't really trust it. I trust the zebra, my eyes, and my minus 2 EV lot. But what about the low light? You cannot use SLO 3 for low light. And I've been hearing those thoughts from different people for more than 5 years, guys. And I've been doing and filming in SLOG 3 in low light at night with Slo 3 at all times and had pretty brilliant results. Once again, here's the comparison. PP off HLG and SLOG 3 all exposed correctly. And as you can tell, guys, SLOG 3 looks much more clean when you expose correctly, as I've been explaining throughout this video. So, when you have your exposure set correctly, when you expose as bright as possible, even if you use like 100,000 ISO on your Sony FX3, for example, you still have cleaner image than if you were using the PP off, for example, like at 10,000 ISO compared to 100,000 ISO on the FX3. It's just the way the log works. The higher the exposure, the cleaner the shadows. And then you can see the comparison and tell that the SLO 3 is actually looking cleaner than the PPF because it's using a lot of noise reduction. Once again guys, like a mantra, if you are in a low light situation, don't stick to the second native ISO. Don't be afraid to raise up the ISO value. You'll have better results. And one more thing guys, after watching this video, you might be really inspired to go and shoot your client shoot in SLOG 3, but please don't do this. First do some tests indoors, outdoors, in your backyard and just compare the footage yourself. Expose it correctly, underexpose it as well. Understand how to work with zebra, how to expose the skin, how to expose the sky, etc. First, you do the test, then you go for a client shoot. You have to double check everything yourself and understand that it's easier than it seems to be. And finally, guys, you need to understand how to color grade SLOG 3. And here I have a full in-depth tutorial on color grading as lock 3 step by step. So you can check this video next and understand each and every nuance of it because this video has been pretty long. And if you did enjoy it, smash the like and subscribe buttons and hit the notifications bell. See you right here, guys. Take care. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NOlimitsON [51 likes]: Do you film in S-Log3?

#sony #slog3 #slog3tutorial
  2. @thetravelingdp [4 likes]: Best results I've found, flexible ISO but leave it at the native ISO. And always have a Variable ND on EVERY LENS and it acts like a lens cap. $30-50 for a decent one. 
Rarely switch ISO.
  3. @gapoxed [1 likes]: What is the monitor you use and how can you apply a LUT to it? I have an a7iii so I'm unable to use custom LUTS when previewing a recording.
  4. @rocknflp [1 likes]: 10:21 im new to hybrid cameras, ive always shoot on iPhones and Osmo pocket. Didnt know there is a feature where we can bake in look of the LUT…nice
  5. @PaulRamen [1 likes]: Log formats were created to match human vision (which is logarithmic, we see variations and their magnitude in terms of stops)
  6. @lb_projekt [1 likes]: Great video
  7. @kogoland [1 likes]: Thank you this helped me a lot. Ive been struggling. I learned to be a high end art photographer in 2-3 months easy. Video has been a nightmare for me. Again, thanks!
  8. @SquareDealProd [1 likes]: I downloaded Alister’s Slog3 monitor LUTS -1,-2,-3. They need to be converted from 65pt to 33pt so the FX3 could store and optimize them, depending on high key or low key scene lighting. For the LUT to be applied you selected -2. You might want the -1, or -3. in other lighting scenarios.

As far as workflow, you can just start with 800 ISO and switch to 12,800 later in the day, 75/95 Zebras applies to both. Run and Gun will work with -2 and sticking with 12,800 and a VND (Mirage bluetooth). 

Leave embed LUT on to transfer the meta data to the NLE/colour correct.

Just a note: 2 stops ETTR using the aforementioned  Alister’s -2 LUT is exactly the same as dialling in 2 stops over-exposure using the EI monitor level setting. But Flexible ISO allows you to ETTR past 800 or 12,800 base ISO’s  for cleaner images.

For run and gun/doc work this 
is a fast exposure system. When you have more time CineEI is a good path using waveform for a great assessment of the entire scene in one glance.

Great work! Looking forward to seeing more of your videos. Best I’ve seen on this.
  9. @valendis [1 likes]: So I did a little research and found out that on cameras like A7V where you enable log in menus instead of using a Picture profil, the zebras are applied after the applied LUT, so the zebras when using Alister Chapman's compensated LUT would never appear when setting the zebras to 94+.

I asked Gemini what would be a good way to set the compensated LUT zebra level and here's what it said:
- Point you camera to a strong source of light
- When no LUT is activated, going from 100+ down, check the point where the zebras appear (94+), this is the point of losing information.
- Keeping eveything the same, activate the compensated LUT, you'll see there's no zebras, keep lowering the zebra level until you have the zebras appear again, this is your point of losing information WITH THE LUT, as if, or very close to, the zebras were at 94+ and applied before the LUT.

When I activate and deactivate the LUT, I now have the exact same zebras indicating information loss.

I'm not sure it's as efficient for skin tones though.
  10. @valendis [1 likes]: Definitely subscribed, I don't understand everything, coming from photography but this video (and probably the color grading one too) is a blessing! Thank you so much!
  11. @Jabesmedia [1 likes]: Hola, Me puedes compartir el luts que mencionaste?
  12. @OfStillness [1 likes]: When you're showing the different comparisons between ungraded and graded - what are you using there for the LUT or color grade? It's kinda of important to know...
  13. @MindLinkShow [1 likes]: Can this LUT even work for me? Im filming outdoor videos in the woods even when its a bit darker outside
  14. @시린메드 [1 likes]: What do you set for the zebra pattern custom lower limit and standard range ± value?
  15. @keithnisbetphotography [1 likes]: Great advice clearly explained, thank you, moving from stills photography to video is challenging and searching for information throws all sorts of "experts" at you, this video has helped me understand more about what I need to do, now I am off to experiment. :)
  16. @tristan.parrish [1 likes]: Thank you for clarifying the misconception behind correct exposure for s-log 🙌
  17. @JayVunfiltered [1 likes]: Great video!
  18. @dovklein7721 [1 likes]: Thank you how to use Zebras 94+ properly when using Alister Chapman's LUT -2 inside the camera and using the camera monitor. not external monitor.
  19. @kp007__: Is it really true that raw/ dual iso disables noise reduction vs using picture profile slog 3 ?
  20. @thomassouchaud6465: Regarding the import of a LUT into your camera, I have a Sony a7iv, and I am pretty confident that it does not support a LUT, so what do I do if Id dont have an external monitor

- Transform Your Bedroom Into A YouTube Studio ($5 - $250): Kind: captions Language: en This is how you take a poorly lit, boring-looking bedroom and transform it into a professional YouTube studio. Whether you've got $5, $50, or a couple hundred dollars, this video is going to give you all the knowledge you need to film professional-looking videos in the comfort of your own home. We're going to start off with almost no money and some super basic concepts, and then we're going to build off those ideas with increasingly larger budgets. And our first budget is $5. Seriously, like like $5. First things first, we desperately need a light source. Any light under $5 is not going to be doing you any favors. So, for this first setup, we're going to be relying completely on all-natural window light. As you can see, windows are a big, soft, bright light source, and it looks really flattering on camera. Just by opening up that window, letting some nice sunlight in, this already looks so much better than where we started. But, it's not great. We need to adjust our camera settings. Now, if you haven't learned the basic camera settings yet, like shutter speed, aperture, ISO, white balance, you'll still be able to achieve a pretty good look. But, using manual settings will be able to dial it in and get exactly the look we're going for. I'm actually getting some gross, shadowy raccoon eyes from my ceiling light. So, if I turn that switch off, I actually think this looks super natural. Next, if we move the camera back and ourselves along with it, that's going to blur out the background a little bit more. It really helps you pop and get that professional look. Lastly, this is going to vary a lot depending on your room, but remove anything from the background that's kind of distracting or unpleasing, as well as you can add anything to the background. Like if you have a bookcase or a shelf or a plant. Okay, and this didn't apply to my particular setup, but the reason this is a $5 budget is some of you are going to end up filming at an angle where the window is over here, so this side of your face is very bright and this side is very dark. And all you need to do to fix this is run to the store and for a couple dollars, pick up a piece of white foam board. And what you can do is actually put it on the opposite side of your face and bounce the window light onto the shadow side of your face. What's cool is this is totally adjustable. So if you want it pretty close to even, you can get it very close to your face. And if you want a little more shadow, you can just move it farther away and get that high contrast look. And there you go. I would totally watch a video that looks like this. The difference is massive. But what could we do if we had $50? For $50, you've basically got two options. A light bulb with an umbrella or a softbox. Or you can get a small, cheap LED panel. I'm going to be using this small battery-powered LED. It's super bright. It's portable. Apparently, mine's discontinued, but there are a ton of these things you can find online for around $50. Okay, so this is what it looks like if we just take an LED panel and throw it right on top of our camera. And it kind of works, but it's not great. Right now, that's the only light in this whole room. The background is way too dark, so let's see how it looks like if I turn the lights back on. So now we've got the on-camera light, we've got the ceiling lights, and the background looks a little better, but I've kind of got those shadows coming back under my eyes. What you can do is once again take a white piece of foam board, put it at about a 45° angle to the side of the camera, and then take that harsh LED, bounce it off that. When the light hits the board, it's going to scatter, diffuse, and become an overall bigger light source, which is going to soften it as it hits your face. To take it a step further, we can take one more piece of foam board, and if you put it on the other side of your face, it'll fill in some of those shadows. You can see if I take it away and then put it back. This is still sort of a janky DIY setup, but for $50, the big advantage is we can now choose our background. We could film at night, we could film in the morning, we can film in any direction because we have a lighting setup. But if you're serious about YouTube and you've got some cold, hard cash just burning a hole in your pocket, get ready because this next setup is the one I personally use. All right, so this is how I'm currently setting up my bedroom for YouTube videos. It's definitely gone through some iterations over the years, but I've landed on this sort of natural-looking orange and blue tone look. Basically, I've got a much larger LED panel with a nice soft box on it as my key light. For my fill, again, just another LED panel on a light stand. Both of these are sort at 45° angles, a little bit above head height, and angled slightly down. One of the to having dedicated gear like this is I can set it up exactly the same every time, or I can make super minor adjustments. Right now, I've just got the key light on me, definitely a dark and moody vibe. Now, I've switched on the fill light, still a super dark background, but I'm a little bit more evenly lit. If I want to turn my ceiling light on, that kind of just brightens the background a little bit more. It's not quite so moody. The goal of this video wasn't to get you to copy me exactly, although you're more than welcome to, but more so start figuring out how you can work with your particular space. Maybe you just need a better background, or maybe you do need to invest in lights. Whatever it is, hopefully this gave you some ideas. Everything I use is going to be linked in the description down below. So, if you're interested, you can definitely check that out. If you want to learn more about content creation or video production, I'll link a video somewhere. And as always, have fun, stay creative, and I'll see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @سيلفر_وولف [1 likes]: 5$
Then bro brings a bazooka camera lens
  2. @noelle_asmr [1 likes]: thank you josh for this. very helpful
  3. @powersports9267: Faaaaaaa
  4. @ChristofferLindquist: Great video, thanks! Where can I buy such a large softbox that you have in this video, to go on a large led panel? I've been searching but haven't been able to find a big enough one. What are the dimensions of your softbox and what is the brand and model?
  5. @The_Craw: Simple and awesome video!!  Great job
  6. @Sidreallife: THanks for this content. loved the ideas
  7. @mndy191: omg great video! this is so helpful for my budget. im gonna buy some foam board rn lol also how did you do the animations of the camera settings at 1:10? i want to have animations like that but not sure how to get started
  8. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, random but curious question:
How do you control your recording setup — the background, the sound, and the space — when you’re filming in a small or shared room?
  9. @MelissaMelly1010: For us balling on a budget, I love this!!
  10. @DjCatchXXII: Thanks for the tips. I’m using my small bedroom to create and shoot my videos. These tips will definitely help my videos look better. Thanks 🙏🏾
  11. @gowhardhanravichandran8647: I've heard your voice somewhereeee..... Walter White Jr😉
  12. @extrajordanary1: The foam board trick is really interesting. Thanks for the tips!
  13. @wesleysnipes9454: $5 dollar t-shirt has to go, and your sound not good. I would get wireless mics after your camera choice or just use your cell phone and before lights and backdrop...
  14. @carolvechini: I was expecting you talk about the light on the background :/
  15. @MyCompoundLife: Lesson learnt, foam board I need
  16. @the_general_contractor_network: great vid
  17. @zariahstar858: Amazing
  18. @FabioDiBenedetto-yt: https://youtu.be/C2au1Yj_8sQ?si=RN_CghIhzZxSZ6Ug
  19. @ShinGidora: That intro got me good! Awesome setup
  20. @bennettphotography08: For everyone saying that the reason it looks good is because he's using an expensive camera, you can make literally almost any camera look good if you know how to light your subject decently well. Obviously, there's a couple exceptions, but especially at the beginning stage and low budget, this will work perfectly fine

- Transforming a Tiny Bedroom into a YouTube Studio!: Kind: captions Language: en Since the start of my YouTube channel, I've always filmed every single one of my videos in the same house or apartment that my wife and I have lived in. Now, before I had a kid, this was usually in the living room because I liked the depth that it provided, given it was usually the largest room in the house. But, as you'd expect, having a kid means filming in the living room really isn't an option. So, when we were moving at the end of last year, I had to make sure that the apartment had a third bedroom that would act as not only my office, but also my filming studio. So, we signed the lease. We moved all of our furniture in. I set up my office, put my camera in place, but it looked like garbage. I tried from this angle, but with the blinds open, there was no way to nicely expose both my face and what was outside the window there. Blinds closed, and now it looks ugly. Well, I can do it this way because of that mirror behind me, but then I landed on this shot, which I still use from time to time in some of my videos. The trouble is, I don't want this sort of a shot for every single one of my videos because I really only want to use it when I'm actually talking about something that's on my computer, which isn't all that often. So, I started panicking, but I logged into YouTube, I searched up a bunch of inspiration, and after a couple of days of going back and forth, I was finally able to achieve this shot. And this has been my main A-roll shot for the last year. So, let's look at how you can do this yourself. The first thing you'll want to grab is a backdrop. Now, there are heaps and heaps of options to choose from online like paper, vinyl, muslin, and so forth, and they're all great for differing purposes, but I wanted something a little more lightweight and minimal. So, naturally, I got this blockout roller blinds in black from IKEA. It actually comes in a few different shades, which is nice, but it's called the Tuppler, and I got mine in the longest length possible, which is 200 by 195 cm. But, the best part is that it only costs $50. So, I screwed that into the roof, and boom, there was my backdrop. So, as you can see, I placed this just in front of my computer desk, which means I'm able to use this space as a filming set for my A-roll, but also as an office for all of my video editing. So, now it was time to bring in the lights. I had previously been using the Falconeyes SO-28TD as my key light, which I would also shoot through a diffusion panel, but the issue in such a small space as this is that it spills just about everywhere, including onto my backdrop, which is not what I wanted. So, instead, I picked up the Godox SL-60W, which comes with its own softbox, and this is an overall smaller-sized package compared to the Falconeyes setup with the diffusion panel as well. Then, after experimenting, I decided to take the black outer material that the diffusion panel comes in with the five-in-one reflector kit and actually use it to flag off half of the light coming out of the Godox light, which means the only half that was outputting light would hit my face and not the background. Now, flagging light is a super neat lighting technique that is actually worth spending some time practicing, but doing it the traditional way with C-stands and flagging sheets and whatnot can actually take up a fair amount of size. Using my method might not look very glamorous, but it helps to retain that really small form factor, which is perfect for a tiny bedroom such as this one. Here it is without the flag in place, and now with the flag in place. From there, it's onto the backlight. So, for the longest time, I've been using this budget-friendly light from Aputure called the AL-H198C, but I'm pretty sure it's been discontinued now, so I'll link some alternatives below, but this is a fantastic little bicolored light that now works perfectly as a backlight. The only issue is this space is so tight that it flares like crazy on the side of the frame. Oh, man, never did I think I'd be shooting from this angle in a video on my channel. But anyway, as you can see, it's right up against the wall as far as it can be moved over. So, the only option left was to flag it. I've got this cheap pinboard material that I purchased from a local hardware store here in Australia. I'll link some online options below, but to be honest, you can use almost anything. Cardboard, paper, as long as you can mount it upright and on an angle. So, I literally place a second table that I have in my office below that, angle it just right, and bam, that flaring is gone. But, you can see the next issue that we have, right? So, to remove it from the frame, I take the groundbreaking approach of picking up the camera and moving it in. And there you go. So, what you're seeing right now is literally just about the widest angle that I can shoot from in this space. And whilst it's definitely not ideal, it is what it is, and you kind of get used to being somewhat limited. As well as that, the backdrop also doesn't give me much flexibility to go wider, either. So, these are just the sacrifices that you have to make when you're working on a tight budget and in a small room like this. In fact, I now shoot all of my A-roll sequences with this cheap 50mm f/1.8 lens from Canon, and I pretty much cannot use any other lens that I own. My 85mm is too tight. My 24mm is too wide. So, the 50mm is just in that sweet spot. I do think a 35mm lens could be a really nice option for getting a slightly wider field of view without seeing the backdrop, but I just haven't gotten around to picking one up yet. Anyway, the last piece of this puzzle is this background light. Originally, I was using this second Aputure AL light as my background light, which meant I could only get a white light ranging between 3200 and 5600 Kelvin, but recently, I purchased the Aputure MC RGB video light, which means now I can get any color of the rainbow that I like. And that is how you can transform a tiny little bedroom into a full-time YouTube filming studio, which, in my humble opinion, looks pretty polished. Whilst I love being able to use real backgrounds and props in my A-roll sets, sometimes you just got to play the hand that you've been dealt. And since using this setup for the last 10 months or so, I've actually kind of fallen in love with the look of it, and I'll probably continue using a somewhat similar setup even when I move in the future, which, just quietly, is happening very soon. But anyway, that's it for this video. If you enjoyed it and got something out of it, then let me know by leaving a thumbs up. But that's it. Thank you all very much for watching, and I will catch you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, can I ask you a few questions about your work setup?
  2. @Maxwayup: oh my gosh, the black bcakdrop can be colored by the light?
  3. @GabrielDimude: Thanks for this! I appreciate this.. By the way.. What keeps you consistent in posting YouTube videos?
  4. @HeresMo: I film in the living room due to my conservatory get's too hot in the summer and cold in winter (though I can heat it), However in the summer too much light to deal with unless I film at night and annoy my neighbors. I find myself setting up at night and breaking it back down because of the kids. It's a pain, and my son (2YO) loves to sit on my desk and move things, break things and move everything, currently, i'm looking for 2 camera batteries I had on charge which have vanished... Need a separate studio or office away from home.
  5. @ROHITSHARMA-gv2ko: Hi can you tell which aspect ratio you uploaded this video??
  6. @FabianGreiler: Cool video. How big is your room actually?
  7. @PatrickMastersMusic: Awesome video. Thanks for the tips.
  8. @AMVLOGS123: Shout out
  9. @RexxReviews: Love these videos !!!  They help me so much on my channel!!!
  10. @JamSessionsEX: ULTRAWIDE! ULTRAWIDE! ULTRAWIDE! ULTRAWIDE!
  11. @TimeSlipping1375: dude i came from your current upgarded studio, its nice buddy keep rocking
  12. @nobatechnology: Still love this setup Sam! I can’t wait to setup my new studio!
  13. @tadbubs: S.B., DUDE, you're a natural presenter.  You're articulate, concise, no, "uh's, and ahs".  Brilliant!  Thanks for the small room hack.  Heya, one question:  (1) Can one do the same with just a plain white wall?  I've purchased the IKEA pull-down you mentioned (great idea btw) and Amazon afforded me a set of Mount Dog stands that I've yet to open.  Then I was thinking, do I really need the backdrop if I have about 120 x 170 cm back wall?  Will the light-cast be different as it's a wall vs material? Okay, that's two questions.  Shout back...
  14. @amirfallah8570: Thank you! That was very useful.
  15. @andrewryder1319: Clear and consumable advice. Thank you!!!
  16. @GoADHDGo: Whoa. Great minds think alike...
and sometimes I think like those great minds.
  17. @PTCPerformance: Hey Sam, this was very helpful! I was always considering that aperture light but now this just gives me all the more reason to do so!

Also, to hear a fellow Aussie accent helped me connect with what you were saying more!

Will go through your other stuff and subscribe :)
  18. @UtsabRocks: How you are achieving such a audio, plz guide
  19. @bertolbretch: Love it!... I'm myself in a tiny room (aka My Studio)... very very helpfull! Thanks
  20. @DaviddoesStuff: That’s a lot of great information, thanks!

- How to transform your bedroom into Youtube studio [ I turn my dorm room into youtube Studio ]: Kind: captions Language: en my name is and today in this video i will be showing you how i change my this boring dormitory room into a beautiful high dope tech youtube studio so right now my room is like this [Music] so first of all you guys can see this is my bed here is one table here is the fridge here is one shelf is empty here's my sony a7 is the outside is a pretty big balcony and uh cloth hanging place here is another table usually i sit here and edit my video here is another shelf my tech bag is here my youtube bag so here is my big cupboard you guys can see this is actually not a real cover this is a bed but i have changed it to a cupboard you guys can see so all the stuff are here my grooming product all my bags my camera bags all my tech my drone cameras and some books and here is my traveling bag here is some other stuff so all these things i have to change from here to there and slowly slowly all the process i will show you and you guys can also do like this but the first thing is you need to see what is the best place for you to record a video for your background so i have decided to bring this shelf how to say the big shelf or whatever is it to change there because this place is good for me because the outside window can also bring me a little bit light and also i can use the another light source so uh that can bring me a little bit uh quality into the video this wall actually this wall can be my background and here i will bring all my desk setup and let's start the story work i have also asked my friend to come here and help me so i will call him again and i will start thing i have to take out all these stuff from here this shelf now i have to move all this stuff so ready i bought the rgb lights and right now i will test it and i will show you the color of these rgb lights these rgb lights control fully controlled by your phone with bluetooth so they can change different colors and it's pretty cheap so let's see how does it works just build from here one and then from here up to there so i will just color these two parts not the downpour because it's not visible so you guys can see the color wow so thank you so much for watching this video and i hope you would like this video and uh it cost a little bit money but i will give you all the detail in the description how much does it cost for me the things i have just bought not the table this is from university so please make sure to subscribe and push the notification bell on the sound panel is not installed yet but i will try to install the sound panel but i still have the bed and other some stuff so the sound is not that bad right now i'm recording on my phone so all the cameras i have put it there in the shelf so we'll see you guys in the next one and we will have a lot of great technology review video and all the tutorial video from my home studio so bye bye love you all take care of you and your family see you in the next one till that peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @usmanaryan [3 likes]: What do you like in this studio ? drop a like 👍
  2. @uzairayoub4120 [1 likes]: I'm patiently waiting for your video.
  3. @IrfanKhan-kp8cv [1 likes]: I am in love with your room
  4. @Sam610 [1 likes]: Very nice transformation. Thumbs up from me.
  5. @sawlalemmanaye2730: Good
  6. @syzygy9681: Good work mate
  7. @happyhealthylife2423: Lovely dear
  8. @gbgemstone3307: Jani jeetye rahoo❤
  9. @Carambolases: The room looks like the one in Nanguang 3 Building haha. Wish I could visit Xiamen for few days
  10. @engr.qaisarfarooq5336: Wow 🤩 Awesome Transformation.. Love it 🥰
  11. @waseemsajjad5567: Wonderful

- Build A Killer Talking Head Setup 2025: Kind: captions Language: en You want to start creating talking head videos about your passion and expertise, but don't want to look amateur. And for this, you need a proper setup. I have been creating talking head videos for over 10 years. It changed my life. And if you like how this video looks and sounds, I will share the entire setup with you. Two years ago, I made the same video. Some gear I still use today, but new equipment was also added and more options are available now. This, as the title of the video says, it's a killer setup, not a budget one. It's a setup that will offer professional quality. Of course, I will try to keep the setup at the lowest price possible, but quality is the main focus. And I will make a live demonstration between a wireless lav mic and my microphone to hear the problem. Let's start with the camera and lens. We shoot talking head videos. For this application, we have the camera on a tripod and shoot at home or in a studio. So, we don't need im stabilization. We don't need to over complicate things with log footage or 10 bit because it's 2025 and we can easily shoot 4K. I still use and recommend the Sony ZV10 Mark1. Yes, this video is shot with the Sony ZV10 Mark1. Actually, all my talking head and videos are shot with this camera. If you use a dami battery to power it and choose the right settings, it will not overheat. Plus, if you pair it with a capture card like Delgato Camling 4K, you can have high quality online calls that will impressed any client. I used it for years, shoot hundreds of videos, did countless video calls, and it never disappointed me. Crystal clear 4K at an affordable price for what it offers. The body costs around $733 at the time of publishing this video. I will add affiliate links in the description for all the equipment presented in this video. If you click on my links, you're not going to pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission and this will help me keep sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. And for ZV10 and almost the full setup, I have tutorials about how to set the camera for videos, for online calls, and how to set the lights. a ton of tutorials about how to use the full setup and I will add a bunch of links in the description so when you build a setup you can learn how to use it to its maximum potential. Okay, why did I say that the body cost $733 and not the full kit? Because the kit lens it's okay but not the best lens. What I use and recommend for talking head videos instead is the Sigma 16 mm f1.4 lens. This image is shot with the Sony ZV10 Mark1 and the Sigma 16 mm f1.4. Why is this lens awesome? First, you have that professional, good-looking blur behind you in a small space. It will help you obtain this creamy look, and you don't need super expensive, noisy, big lights. The angle is wide enough for small spaces, and it's built to last with super fast autofocus. Every creator I talked to who uses this lens is extremely happy with it. The lens costs around $444 at the time of publishing this video. And you can pair them with a mini tripod like this small rig VT20. And of course you need an SD card. I like to use Sundisk Extreme Pro 128 GB. Now you have the perfect camera and lens for talking head videos. But as you know or suspect, there is no video without good lighting. Because most talking head creators shoot in small spaces and normal apartment rooms, my goal was to find great lights that don't break the bank and can be attached to the desk to save space. Also, I want them to be controlled with remotes and come with everything in the box and have no fans that make noise. I use the Godox ES45s. $139 for one piece. I always recommend two to control the light better and have a sufficient amount. I use them bounced off the wall in front of me to have this soft, good-looking light and avoid ugly shadows or reflection in the glasses. I will also add a few tutorials about how I use them and how to position them correctly. Everything you need to know. Now you have the camera, the lens, the lights. And if you learn how to use them, this is the final result. But we need to talk about the audio because this is more important than the video. And after I will give you a bonus tip because I want you to shoot easier and faster. I will demonstrate one thing fast. The audio you hear now is recorded with the AT875R microphone from Audio Technica and the Scarlet Solo fourth generation audio interface. Many beginner creators say that recording audio separately, it's so complicated and it's better to record in camera using a wireless lav mic. Yes, you can save 30 seconds or a few minutes, but all the wireless lav mics, at least affordable ones, have something in common. A lav mic is omnidirectional. Yes, those roads, DJI, Holyland are omnidirectional. That means it will pick up everything around them. If you shoot outdoors and you have a big distance between you and the camera, those are great. But in a normal apartment room, acoustically untreated, we have a lot of reverb and that will sound bad. This is the sound recorded with the shotgun microphone. One, two, three. Sound test. One, two, three. And this is the sound recorded with a professional expensive wireless lav mic straight in the camera. And this is an expensive one. Because we shoot at home in a studio, we can build a better setup. Trust me, the quality difference is big and after a few recordings, you will get used to it, but the quality will be much higher. With the 8875R, you can record like this, having it close to your mouth, and the result is incredible. Or if you want it outside of the shot, you can do it. This is an $189 microphone connected to the Scarlet Solo 4 generation, a $139 audio interface. I use a mic cable that costs $10 and the mic arm that's $70. The Solo has one preamp and if you need two mics for podcasting, you can choose the 2i2 version with two preamps. I record the audio in Da Vinci Resolve where I also edit the videos. And when I finish the recording, I just insert the video on the timeline. Select both, right click, choose auto align clips, choose waveform, and click sync. That's it. I select them again, right click, and click on link to keep them locked and mute the audio recorded in camera. Now I have the audio synchronized, but this great audio, come on, it was fast. Of course, any microphone, cheap or expensive, wired or wireless, requires some audio processing according to your taste and recording conditions. But for that, I will also add a link in the description to see how I do it for inspiration. And if you shoot in various places in your apartment and don't have the PC near you to connect the audio interface, I still recommend the Zoom F3, an exceptional field recorder with 32-bit float, which is excellent. Now you have the camera and the lens, the lights, and the audio recording setup. We can add one final touch that will make your creation process much easier and this is the Elgato prompter. If you script your videos to be more articulate and concise with your words, this is a musth have. Also, you can use it for bullet points or use it for online calls and training sessions to have the person you are speaking with on the prompter and look at the screen but also at the lens. This will create a strong connection with your color. This prompter saves me a lot of time because I shoot faster and it helps me to have better videos using wellprepared scripts. Delgato prompter cost around $249. I will add the link in the description and also links to detailed videos about how to use it and how to control it. For this kind of quality in a small space to avoid huge noisy lights, you need a good camera and lens. The ZV10 and the Sigma 16 mm F1.4 are exceptional for this purpose. The result will be impressive if you use the right practical easy to use lighting setup like two Godox ES45s. All this will not matter if you have bad audio quality. A shotgun mic positioned properly like this 8875R and a good audio interface like the Scarlet Solo 4 generation will transform the audio quality instantly. And to use all of them easily and create faster, Delgato prompter is the best companion. Of course, you don't need to build the setup all at once. You can invest and buy them one by one getting better and better results. But you can build this entire setup for nothing if you don't know how to use it properly. And for this, I will give you a dedicated video to learn for free how to position the camera properly, how to position the lights, and how to take advantage of your shooting space and equipment. Watch this video and create from the beginning at a high level.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabrielVIP [3 likes]: ▶ Transform Your Simple Room Into a YouTube Home Studio: 👉  https://youtu.be/jVEvICC2uO0  👈
  2. @TheNarrowLens-r3s [2 likes]: really nice video, answered a lot of questions for me.
  3. @SandiDragoi [2 likes]: Fire, man! Thank you for the inspiration!
  4. @DamonNextLevel [2 likes]: Gabriel this was a nicely produced video.   I have never commented on someone's work.  The information was very thorough.  Thanks for putting in the time with this one.  Exactly what I  needed.🎬👏
  5. @aldinlenz [2 likes]: Does Sony zv-e10 m1 overheat and shutdown if I use it to stream for an hour+?
  6. @ArrowEconomics [1 likes]: Is it better to record audio in davinci resolve or both audio and video in obs? Also I have the teleprompter but will be using my iphone 11 with it to record and wondered how far away from myself the camera needs to be. Thanks
  7. @Olive-q7j [1 likes]: what fill light I should get, I have Godox mlb100i as key light what do you suggest for fill light , my room is almost the same size as yours.
  8. @alfmor67-o7n [1 likes]: As always another fantastic video...thank you!!! I recently purchased the dummy battery to use with my Sony camara. Interestingly I have found that my videos will automatically stop recording when I reach between 23 - 30 minutes of recording. The same behavior as if the camara shutoff to prevent over heating. Is there a setting I may have overlooked?  I'm not sure what else I can check to diagnose the problem. Any ideas?  Again thanks for the awesome videos!!
  9. @luansinamati. [1 likes]: You are such a modest man, at once practical and helpful. I am watching and learning from your help which deserves a deep appreciation, even from afar. Long live! From a small country in Europe!:finger-red-number-one:
  10. @ImSamKnight [1 likes]: Such a helpful video! Super handy because I already had the camera, lens, and mic that you have lol. I was wondering, is there a pciture profile for the zv-e10 that you recommend? I'm pretty new to using legit cameras and a bit overwhelmed by the choices. LUTs intrigued me at first because I know that slog3 isn't ideal since it's 8bit. Not sure what the goto should be for talking head!
  11. @janissevalenzuela [1 likes]: THIS IS A GREAT VIDEO! --- ..but I am looking for the technical setup, how do I actually connect the video, prompter, and audio together? Any techincal step by step videos?
  12. @paulshealthfitness7922 [1 likes]: is auto align in adobe premier?
  13. @Talk4Ukraine [1 likes]: Dear Gabriel - I am a huge fan of your videos and after having carefully decided I bought an Elgato Prompter today. I was sure after your videos (and others) that this thing would work on MAC - -  I have a MacbookPro (with small USB-C ports).  - Because I saw you working with you MAC -  But It was a mess and still does not work.  It did not come with a USB-C -Cable with small plugs on both sides, but on one side there was a bigger USB-B or A-plug. So i had to use an adapter.  But still did not recognize the Prompter as a second screen.  2. issue:  The rings don´t work for my SonyZVE10-Camera because I still don´t have the larger Sigma-Objective but only the smaller initial objective with 42 mm. (The smallest Ring in the ElgatoPrompter starts with 50mm  - so I had to buy an adapter-ring.   The thing is useless up to now and I´m almost deciding  to send it back.  Or did I oversee something impeortant?
  14. @RobotStudio3D [1 likes]: Really thanks for sharing
  15. @liveafterfive [1 likes]: I am confused between the Sony ZVE10 Mark 1 & Mark 2. I want a camera for great talking head videos for YouTube tutorial content. I saw some reviews, and people are sayingthe  Sony ZVE10 Mark 2 gets heated up after a long video. I am super confused. Please let me know which one I should get.
  16. @NIKEGDS [1 likes]: Thank you for your content. Do you have a video detailing the recording process? 
Do you record video on camera and then transfer to edit? Also the audio? Recorded in Davinci? 
It would be so helpful if you could make a video if you haven't already and I just don't see it . 
Again, thank you.
  17. @steveburholtkeys [1 likes]: This will save beginners huge amounts of money, practical tips to make great videos. Congratulations!
  18. @fragrance-decoded [1 likes]: Could you please talk about basic sound proofing and simple editing workflow? And great video as always.
  19. @Manab-c3c: with 10 years of making videos you have only 37K subscribers, which is terrible
  20. @jasonrashidnia: do I need to use the camlink adapter or can i used the usb-c cable direct into my macbook instead?

- My Simple Talking Head Video Setup (STOP wasting money): Kind: captions Language: en So today I wanted to talk about my simple talking head setup that I use for recording my YouTube and vlogging videos. So basically this setup that you're seeing right here. I'm also going to talk about the things that maybe I wouldn't buy, especially if you want to be more mobile and with new technologies, with AI and editing, things maybe you don't want to spend money on and the things that you probably do want to spend money on because we want simplicity and we want to be able to create videos quickly and easily. And that's the setup I've gone from. I actually use pretty low tech equipment. I've invested my time and money in other things. For example, this microphone here is the one that everybody uses. It's the Shure SM7V, and it's a great microphone. And especially for me, in the last number of years, when I've been traveling around Southeast Asia, everywhere I go, it's very echoey rooms, high ceilings, lots of tile, hard floors, not enough soft finishing to remove that echoey background. So having a dynamic mic is basically meaning that it's just going to focus on the sound right in front of it and it's not going to take up much of the sound in the room itself. So it does make the echoey sound better. And these can actually make your voice sound a little bit rounder and a little bit fuller. But they're about $500. And what is the benefit of these days? I mean, obviously, if you want to look like a podcaster or a professional YouTuber doing talking head videos, then maybe it brings a bit of extra credibility to your videos. So, there's some benefit in that sense. But the issue is if you're recording directly into your computer like I am. So, I'm literally recording into Dscript now, which is one of the editing tools that I use. So, it's live streaming straight into my computer. And in order for this to talk to my computer, I need another like magic box that basically converts the sound from this into something that my computer will understand. So that's another cost. And I can't remember how much that was, but I think it was at least another $100 to $150. So just for the sound setup here, I'm probably looking about $650, which I don't think for most people these days is necessarily a good investment of your money. So, what I would potentially recommend is using wireless mics. So, there's loads of different wireless mics you can get these days. And I've got the DJI Mic Mini, but there's DJI 2 and there's the Lark and there's all of these wireless mics. The Road Wireless Go, but they're a little bit more expensive. But I think the DJI or potentially the LAR wireless microphones are very, very good. Now, we can actually remove the background sound from videos. these days with the different editing tools. Most editing tools now have some sort of noise removal. Therefore, I don't necessarily need this. And the benefit of those wireless mics is they clip right onto me because I move around a lot and I'm often looking at the screen. So, I'm moving my head away, which then means that the sound goes up and down. And the leveling, it can make the the leveling of the sound go up and down a little bit. So, by having those wireless mics, I can change room and the microphone is always recording close to me, and they cost about $150 for a set with the transceiver, even cheaper if you just buy one of them. So, they're a great option just to have clipped onto you. And they mean that you can be more mobile. So, if you're perhaps going out and about and you're using, say, an action cam or a different camera, that automatically connects to this. So, I'm using an action cam for my B-roll and other stuff. So, if I was to record footage that you're probably going to see of the different equipment as I'm talking about it, I'll be using this camera. But if I was going out and about, I could have the wireless mic and be speaking directly into this and it automatically connects. But if I have the transceiver, I can plug that into my computer and then that automatically records and converts the sound from the wireless mic as well. So, it's a great setup in terms of just connecting to the my computer and having sound that's going to be great quality. Maybe not slightly as full as this microphone, but for the sort of money I have to spend on this, that's is it four times better? No, it's definitely not. So unless unless you really want to go for the look of this and in terms of having to transport it round, if I invested in this, but then I was moving away from sitting at this desk, it's very difficult for me to take this massive mic with me and have it plugged into this box and the computer. So it's not very functional in terms of vlogging, but it does look better. So, I would potentially go for one of the wireless mics and then add studio sound in dcript or do some of the sound improving things afterwards to remove any background noise if there is any still with those microphones. But they normally have built-in uh noise reduction as well, which can make those much better as well. You could also use this actually as your webcam. So, if I was to get one of these, I could get this or you could get the Osmo Action 3. I'm not sponsored by any of them. In fact, yeah, I bought all of my equipment myself. So, I'm very minimal in the type of equipment I use, but I can sometimes use this here. I actually have it connected in front of me on my desk, and I often use this as well. It's not as good in the low light conditions, unless you're going to do color grading. So, I can't be bothered with half of that. So, what I actually use for the camera is I'm using a webcam. So, I'm using an Insta 360 webcam, and it's one of the gimbal ones, and it can record up to 4K. I generally just do 1080p because it's easier for the computer and if you're streaming directly, I think when you're doing larger formats in terms of storage, it's going to block all your computer up. But then most people aren't really watching unless they're watching on TV in higher resolution. And I don't really think the extra resolution of 4K really makes that much difference for these types of talking head videos. So, I'm literally just using a webcam that goes straight into my computer. And most people would want to use some fancy camera. And this webcam maybe it's a I don't know I think it was about $200 which is much cheaper than say upgrading to a Sony camera which at some point soon that will be the next upgrade for me but then I would have to learn how to use that camera and what happens is most of us are improving the wrong things. So because the quality of this camera is more than good enough. Sure, I'm not getting that fuzzy background, the sort of blurred out background that we like, but judge, I need a greater distance between me and the background to really make that of any use anyways. And for the space I have for this desk, it's not really going to work. So, unless you're going to have you at one end of the room and a larger gap behind you, then I don't really see the benefit of that. And you can still add some bokeh, a little bit of that blur in post-prouction if you want with many of these tools these days. So you can put a very slight blur in if you want to do that anyways. It's not going to look as good as the natural, but it's still completely possible. So for me, this is the most cost effective option before upgrading to a camera because if you buy a camera, you're going to have to learn those settings and that's going to be an extra headache of things that you need to understand how to use. So I think keeping it simple until you're ready to do that upgrade. And the benefit is that this plugs straight into my computer and I can just press go. you know, it's all happening directly onto my computer. And if I'm screen recording at the same time, then obviously that makes things much easier. But as I was saying, the quality of the the camera, it's actually the light that improves the quality of the image dramatically. So, you're better off investing in a good light setup than you are actually in a new and improved camera. Starting off with what is easy for you just to press record and start recording. And I I just have my iPad here in front of me. It's got a few bullet points and then I'm just talking to the camera and that's it. I just go go with it. It's nice. It's straightforward. I can press record and it's quick and easy. And the lighting is very forgiving because you can use natural lighting and you could just be facing a window. But what inevitably happens is every time a cloud comes over, the lighting level changes and you get these dips in continuity which can make if you're editing different scenes or different sections, it can make it more abrupt because suddenly the light goes up and down so the editing feels a bit more aggressive and it's it's harder to correct that in post-production. So, it's easier to completely black out all of the light and then just have one light here, one key light as they call it, at a 45 degree angle. Now, I do a lot of coaching, which is another reason why I decided to to keep this this here, this microphone, because it's better for me to just be able to comfortably talk to people. But I couldn't have a key light that is aggressively strong on for long periods of times. So rather than the sort of bright white ones that you get that are focused on a particular part, you may have seen all the ones that are have has all the checkered lines on it and they basically focus the light onto your face. So you get the more aggressive shadow and they will give you a headache if you are recording for long periods of time or doing long long coaching calls where you still want some lighting on you so you look good on camera, you look professional. And the way around this is I use the lantern. So, I have a God Doc's light. And the God Doc's light is an LED light that's adjustable in temperature. I can turn it up and down. So, I can go brighter if I want more harsh light or I can go softer at night or if I'm doing coaching call, I drop it down a bit. And this basically allows me to have one light on me and it also lights up some of the background because if it's a lantern light, then it's the light spills out more. So you it lights up some of the background and then I have a little bit of lighting at the back with the color lighting. And then what that does is I only need one light. I don't have to invest in having additional up lighting or another light hitting the back of my shoulders. I could put an extra light there, but I just want to be able to press record and record videos very easily. So, in terms of having one light on one big stand, I did have it connected to my desk, but I now have a stand with wheels because I want to be able to move it around the house if I want to record in different locations. But right now, because the only other camera I've got is this, and it's not great in low light, indoor ones. So, unless you're good at edit color grading afterwards, possibly would want maybe the Osmo Pocket 3 or something that's a bit better in low light if you're planning on doing this sort of studio setup more with the key light. But otherwise outdoors, I think this is fantastic. And just the stabilization, it it works a treat. So it depends what you're going to be doing in terms of if you're going to be doing more active stuff and the talking head, then then that might might be better. But literally, so I I would potentially not have this unless you're doing calls. And then I would literally just have a good quality web camera or using your the camera that you've got plugging straight into your computer. And the main thing for me that I think you should invest in, one is a good backdrop, something that's going to make you look a bit better. So think about what you're going going to do and what you want behind you to sort of frame you so you can always have that one place that you can talk. Maybe set up many locations around your house. But the main key thing for me is having one good light because it will make even the crappiest of cameras look fantastic. because I tell you now, if I turn this light off, I'm going to look absolutely terrible. So, it's it makes a huge difference. So, I would really invest in a good a good lantern light, one that you're going to be able to have quite close to you so you can get that shading on you. So, you got some shadow on one side and then it gives you slightly more cinematic shading on the side of your face. So, that's very easy, very simple. a webcam straight into my computer and then the main thing is going to be that light that you can then move around to different locations as well if you wanted to. So that's what I do for for my setup. I wouldn't over complicate things. I would literally just get a wireless mic. You want good lighting and you want good sound. Those are the things that I would invest in first before you start investing in fancy cameras because you're only going to get until you get better at that camera, you're only going to get so much of an improved picture out of it. So, yes, the quality will be better, no doubt, but is it worth your time and resources right now? Probably not. That will bring dramatic improvements. Now, as always, if you would like more help growing your vlog and your YouTube channel, then I will put links in the video description to our community and other free training. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @mp34054 [3 likes]: Thanks for being real and for giving a beginner these important points to consider. It can be overwhelming when starting out with all of these options and noise to consider.
  2. @GreatestTonyever [2 likes]: You are making me feel better about what I have been buying and using. Thanks!
  3. @trendyboymx [2 likes]: I was in that situation and in my case, I would have preferred to "cry once buy once." I have a very echoey room and I tried everything: Shotgun mic, DJI Mic 2, the Mic 2 with dedicated lavaliers from different brands, etc. Finally, I pulled the trigger and got a Shure SM7B and couldn't be happier. Yes, it meant a significant investment getting the microphone, plus a boom arm, a Rodecaster Duo and cables. However, the quality is noticeable immediately. The first thing anyone on a video call compliments is "how good is my sound" and "how professional I sound." And what about all those other mics? I have them stored and use them occasionally, specially when shooting outdoors, but it is the Shure mic the one that I used daily, often for hours.

All this is professional-level equipment that is meant to last decades and although the initial costs are high, they are definitely worth it if one has the resources available.
  4. @kevinsphilippineadventures [2 likes]: Great advice as always.Thanks.mate.
  5. @JamesRamboPearce [1 likes]: Does the webcam with the gimbal follow your face? Really helpful tips thank you!
  6. @DemitriKaren.HouseofHope [1 likes]: Gareth, this is super informative, thanks! I’m on a budget & need to invest in 3 cams for our podcast studio with 2 people. I’m considering going 3 GoPros/osmo actions. What you think? That or 3 webcams like yours?
  7. @garethlamb: Free workshop: How to leverage YouTube to sell your coaching & courses - https://www.garethlamb.com
  8. @underdog.digital: Great vide Gareth, I think the time of "perfect image" is gone, we can basically generate AI models now, so standing out by doing it yourself is so much better, regardless of 1080p or 4k what matters is the content as you quite rightly point out, sound is way more important and I don't think the image quality being "top tier" is necessary providing the content is there. Or unless you like to tinker and make it that way, but I don't think the time / cost benefit is there for 90% of people. Good video thanks!
  9. @MrWhiltetail: What about using your cell phone camera for a webcam?
  10. @willflynn7015: Recording with the lav mics are also great when you have guests who do not know how to actually speak into a mic
  11. @MaxoticsTV: Yep! I recently built a podcast studio and am using $16 SM57 knockoffs and I don't see upgrading to RE20s, which is what I'd choose if money was no object.  The main thing you pointed out.  Just get a dynamic and call it a day.  They're all good enough.  If anything, smaller dynamics are more natural.  The SM7B and those other large diaphragm mics are a bit too "round". Then, like you said, if there is noise, all editing software has noise reduction.  GOOD ADVICE!
  12. @youareyourownbeloved: you can use your iphone now as webcam...thanks for the helpful info.
  13. @VladyslavKL: 🕊
  14. @GreatestTonyever: What Godox light are you using?
  15. @ayushsharma1193: Hi, do you want a video editor?

- I Tested Every Talking Head Gear Setup So You Don't Have To: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to show you all the gear I use to create static talking head videos like this one. And then to add some motion, I'll also show the gear that I use to create moving videos like this one. Let's get started. [Music] Having a storytelling element in every video you put out is important, no matter how long your video is. So, your video should have a clear beginning, middle, and end. and that will keep the viewer engaged and they'll want to watch till the end to see what the ending is. Another way to make a video interesting is to also include different types of scenes or motion into your video. So whether I'm doing client work or something here in the YouTube studio, I typically have a talking head static shot like this, but I also incorporate B-roll into those videos or different types of movement. And when I'm going out and shooting with a client, I don't have the luxury of having an entire studio to work in. So today, I'm going to break down all the gear that I take with me on these shoots. If you have followed me for a long time, you know that my setup is typically very small. And now, in the example I'm going to share with you today, I have put out a different video, a complete breakdown of the talking head portion of the video, how I set up my lighting, hair lighting, um the camera I use, all that type of stuff. also the audio. Um, I'm going to place a link to that video above uh so that you can do a more deep dive if you are interested. But for today, we're going to cover static talking head shots. Also, if you want to do any movement on site with your client, let's take a look at all the gear that I bring with me. I I'm on a personal mission that probably nobody on this earth is aware of except for me. But I constantly am trying to find the smallest amount of gear to take with me, make it as light as possible. And you're going to notice that I use wheels as much as possible. So that's why I'm going with this hard shelled wheeled case. This looks more like a piece of luggage than it does a camera case, but I really like this case because you can stack equipment on it or you're carrying it around. Uh it just it's just easier to maneuver in and out of the car and on site when I'm with a client. Uh I'll place a link to everything that I cover in this video down below. Uh but this has turned out to be one of my favorite camera cases. When it comes to shooting static talking head videos, I love to go with this carbonfiber Benroe tripod. Uh this is a fulllength tripod. It can also be used as a tabletop tripod. You can remove this center rod and actually get this tripod very low to the ground if you want. Uh, but I really love this tripod and I'm going to pair this with my Sony FX3 and my Sigma 24 to 70 mm f2.8 lens. Whenever I'm walking into a situation where I'm not quite sure what the setup is going to look like, I'm going to take a zoom lens with me like the 24 to 70. It's such a great versatile lens that you can use it in most situations. That f/2.oint aperture is going to give you nice blurry background if you'd like. And then I can adjust not only my tripod but also my framing using this Sigma lens. Now you'll notice on the top for audio I am going with a wireless microphone. In this case I am using the road wireless pro. You can use any wireless microphone that you like, but this is the system that I typically use on these shoots. The reason why I'm going with the Road Wireless Pros is because they record in 32-bit float. So again, because I am typically in situations where I can't always predict what's going to be happening, like if there are uh landscapers outside while we're trying to shoot in the office or while we're walking around outside, if there isn't like music being piped through wherever we're shooting or uh people walking around and talking. So by recording in 32-bit float, I do have the extra flexibility to optimize that audio as much as possible. And then of course, you can record internally to the microphone. So, if I ever need an audio backup, I can always turn to that recording if needed. When it comes to incorporating moving shots into my setup, all I do is I swap out my 24 to 70 mm lens. I'm still going to use the FX3 and also the same wireless microphone setup and I'm going to turn to the Sony 16 to 25mm f2.8 lens. Now, this is a smaller size lens. There is a 16 to35 out there. It's going to give you more range. But the next component that I use for my moving shots is a gimbal. I use the DJI RS4 Mini as my gimbal. I absolutely love this gimbal. It's my favorite gimbal that I've ever owned. And the reason why I use that 16 to 25mm lens is because it's a little smaller in size than the 16 to35. So you can see that this setup is nice and compact. If you do want to zoom in and out uh using your lens, you can see that the lens doesn't get too much larger in size if you do that. Uh on the front of my lens, you're going to notice that I do use a variable ND filter. This one is by Nissi. I really love this ND filter because it doesn't have any vignetting or it doesn't add any weird tones to your footage. Uh, you definitely want to use an ND filter if you want to be outdoors. And that way, if it's a sunny day like you're seeing in the footage I'm sharing with you today, you can really lock in your exposure using an ND filter. are reasons why I love the DJI RS4 Mini so much is because once it's balanced and I typically balance my camera on my gimbal before I even leave my house and then that way all I have to do is place the camera on the gimbal and it's all balanced and ready to go. So, what's great about this gimbal is you can turn it on and now you're ready to shoot. And then if you need to lock the gimbal, all you have to do is click the power button once and it's going to lock everything in place. And then if you need to stow your gimbal with the camera still on, all you have to do is hold down the power button and this gimbal is going to fold up nice and compact and light. Now, often times we're moving around. We're moving from one location to another location. I just cannot even explain how nice it is to have a gimbal that will lock and then that way your camera's secure, all your equipment is secure, and it's just easier to go from point A to point B and still have all of your equipment together. It's assembled and it's ready to go. Other great thing about the RS4 Mini is this AI tracking component. All you do is attach this to the gimbal. And what happens is is if your client holds up either a hand like this or you can change the setting to a peace sign, well, it's going to track the person directly in the middle of the screen. So, this is very helpful if you're having to do a large amount of walking, if you're walking next to someone, or oftentimes I'm walking backwards. And uh this AI functionality does allow for you to continue tracking the person in frame. So this is just one less thing that you do have to worry about uh while you're out on a video shoot with a client and it just makes things super helpful. So all the gear that I pack for the shoot is one Sony FX3. I've got two lenses. So the 16 to 25mm f2.8 8 and then also the Sigma 24 to 70 mm f2.8. I do bring my Nissi variable ND filter. Next up are the road wireless go microphones. Now these microphones do come in a case that will charge your microphones and your receiver. If you do have a long video shoot that day, this is super helpful. And then of course I bring my Benro carbon fiber tripod and also my DJI RS4 Mini. This is a general rundown of the type of equipment that I take with me on most shoots. So even if you aren't anticipating having to do any gimbal shots, I just always take that with me. And you know, in turn, I always bring my variable ND filter with me because, uh, more often times than not, although I think I'm going to be shooting indoors all day, uh, it never fails. I'm outside, I'm outdoors, or I'm in some sort of a situation where I need something like a variable ND, uh, never fails. So, this is a kit that covers most everything, but I am curious to learn from you. Is there anything that I missed? Let me know in the comments below. And don't forget, uh, I do have a complete breakdown video of how I shoot the static talking head portion of these videos in a office setting, how I set up my lighting and and all that good stuff. So, make sure that you take a look at that video. And thanks again for tuning in. As always, I'll see you again in next week's

  Top Comments:
  1. @kriedholm [1 likes]: What is the must-have gear that you use for capturing talking head videos?
  2. @tiemji: Thanks for sharing. Gives some good ideas
  3. @Mentube_YT: Hey @kriedholm !!  I have a question for you regarding YT studio. I know it’s off subject but I’d like to chat with you for 5 min. Thanks. Happy 4th of July 🎉🎉🎉

- I Tested Every Talking Head Setup - Here's What Works: Kind: captions Language: en I shoot talking head videos like this all the&nbsp; time both for my YouTube channel and also for&nbsp;&nbsp; clients so today we're busting out of the studio&nbsp; here I'm going to take you behind the scenes show&nbsp;&nbsp; you my complete equipment breakdown for talking&nbsp; head videos along with all of the considerations&nbsp;&nbsp; that I make when I set these types of videos up&nbsp; with my clients shooting talking head videos in a&nbsp;&nbsp; studio environment gets to be pretty easy because&nbsp; I already know what all of uh my lighting setup&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like all my camera settings are dyed&nbsp; same with all my audio settings but when I&nbsp;&nbsp; go on site with a client it's a different story&nbsp; the first thing I do whether I have been here&nbsp;&nbsp; before or this is my first time in a space is I&nbsp; walk the space I'm looking for lighting I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to see nice large siiz Windows uh in this case&nbsp; I'm paying attention to the flooring there are&nbsp;&nbsp; areas of this office that have carpeted areas and&nbsp; then other spaces have like a concrete floor so&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm thinking about the echo that could be&nbsp; created uh this particular space also has&nbsp;&nbsp; music piped through speakers uh so I'm turning&nbsp; the volume down on all those speakers so that I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't run into any copyright infringement issues&nbsp; and then I'm looking at positioning so where do I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to position my clients so that they are most&nbsp; comfortable and in a space like this because it&nbsp;&nbsp; is a co-working space you know we're here nice&nbsp; and early nobody's here yet but as we shoot for&nbsp;&nbsp; the day people do start to show up for work&nbsp; so if I place my client with people who could&nbsp;&nbsp; potentially be walking behind them you know this&nbsp; could be an issue based on the type of look that&nbsp;&nbsp; you are looking for for your video and on the&nbsp; flip side if you place your client in a corner&nbsp;&nbsp; and have them facing out towards the working space&nbsp; you know there's always a chance that people are&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be walking around and it's going to&nbsp; be a distraction for your client so these are&nbsp;&nbsp; the types of things that I think about while I'm&nbsp; walking through a space like this now that I've&nbsp;&nbsp; found a space the number one thing that I really&nbsp; pay attention to is the lighting uh this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; kit that I typically take with me this one's&nbsp; made by Loom cube I like this one because it's&nbsp;&nbsp; so small in size and what it does is it's going&nbsp; to help fill in Shadows so I typically select a&nbsp;&nbsp; space where I can take advantage of a large size&nbsp; window use that as my key light and then you know&nbsp;&nbsp; this space has lighting that's coming down on my&nbsp; client's face and it's creating Shadows so I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to position these lights to just fill in the&nbsp; shadow on my client's face um this particular kit&nbsp;&nbsp; does come with everything that I need two light&nbsp; panels uh the charge on these light panels&nbsp;&nbsp; typically lasts a couple of hours the stands come&nbsp; with the kit everything fits in this nice little&nbsp;&nbsp; bag and then also it has some plug so I although&nbsp; I do charge this kit before I'm on site with my&nbsp;&nbsp; client if I need to have these lights work for&nbsp; longer than a couple hours then I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead and plug them into the wall so once I'm&nbsp; happy with the lighting setup then I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; start to set up the camera I'm using using a Sony&nbsp; fx3 for my setup I also use this DJI wireless mic&nbsp;&nbsp; so what I do like about wireless mics is first of&nbsp; all they're small in size so when I take them on&nbsp;&nbsp; site you know they just fit in a small size bag&nbsp; um but also uh if I place this mic close to my&nbsp;&nbsp; client's mouth it tends to reduce the amount of&nbsp; echo that might be picked up or some of the the&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounding noises that might be picked up while&nbsp; I'm working with my client now I typically keep&nbsp;&nbsp; this dead cat on or this muff to um protect this&nbsp; microphone but the reason why I like the DJI mics&nbsp;&nbsp; is because uh they are magnetic so I can either&nbsp; place this on a person's shirt um and conceal&nbsp;&nbsp; it or in a lot of cases and just like what I've&nbsp; done here is if my client has like an undershirt&nbsp;&nbsp; or maybe they have a bra on I'll just attach that&nbsp; microphone to their bra like I do here and then&nbsp;&nbsp; I just place the clothing over it and now you&nbsp; can't see the microphone I leave that muff on&nbsp;&nbsp; so that you know if the clothing does move around&nbsp; sometimes it creates a scratching noise but uh&nbsp;&nbsp; this just protects the microphone and then I'm all&nbsp; set while I'm recording with my client I'm also&nbsp;&nbsp; always monitoring the audio so I do bring this&nbsp; set of earbuds with me these I just toss right&nbsp;&nbsp; into same little case that I have my DJI mics in&nbsp; and everything is nice and compact again are you&nbsp;&nbsp; picking up a theme here and I have everything I&nbsp; need when I'm recording audio with my client I&nbsp;&nbsp; also want want to point out the tripod in this&nbsp; situation uh I bring a tripod that will fit in&nbsp;&nbsp; multip multiple situations so sometimes my client&nbsp; sitting sometimes they're standing and sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; uh you know I have to position this tripod at&nbsp; a space in the room like on top of a table uh&nbsp;&nbsp; or something like that so this particular tripod&nbsp; that I do take is tall enough so that if I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to have my client standing it's going to meet the&nbsp; needs of that shoot and then if they're sitting&nbsp;&nbsp; you know I can just adjust the tripod level based&nbsp; on whatever type of shoot I'm capturing and not&nbsp;&nbsp; everything on a video shoot is about the equipment&nbsp; the other thing that makes talking head videos a&nbsp;&nbsp; huge success as if my clients are prepared so what&nbsp; this means is we have a script or we have bullet&nbsp;&nbsp; points that my client is going to speak to while&nbsp; we're together this is so important because it's&nbsp;&nbsp; going to reduce the amount of time that you're&nbsp; on site with your client if they are nervous or&nbsp;&nbsp; they're easily distracted they're going to walk&nbsp; into this situation and they're going to feel&nbsp;&nbsp; feel prepared so often times I work with my client&nbsp; ahead of time to finalize a script they can just&nbsp;&nbsp; place the script in front of them and you don't&nbsp; necessarily need to record the entire script from&nbsp;&nbsp; beginning to end I like to break things up with&nbsp; my clients into sections so that we'll do the&nbsp;&nbsp; intro first and then the first part second part&nbsp; third part Etc and then finally the outro I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; just record those in different sections so that&nbsp; it makes my clients comfortable and just makes&nbsp;&nbsp; it feel not so overwhelming while you're&nbsp; capturing content for your client now some&nbsp;&nbsp; of you are going to say man that's just really&nbsp; not a lot of equipment so here's the thing about&nbsp;&nbsp; doing client work you're going to be working with&nbsp; clients who have all different uh budget sizes&nbsp;&nbsp; you know some clients can afford a full production&nbsp; where I'm bringing in bigger lighting I'm you know&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm setting up grip gear I might have multiple&nbsp; cameras and in fact I might even have more than&nbsp;&nbsp; one person with me to act as assistant or to&nbsp; man the different cameras that we might have&nbsp;&nbsp; set up for that shoot but the thing is is not&nbsp; a lot of the people I work with can afford that&nbsp;&nbsp; type of a production so this smaller size kit is&nbsp; something that I've refined over time and it gives&nbsp;&nbsp; me the ability to uh provide these services at a&nbsp; lower price point now I want to emphasize I'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; giving away my work for free here but this makes&nbsp; the price or the cost of the equipment uh a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller than a large siiz production so I don't&nbsp; have to purchase a lot of equipment um also it's&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller in size it takes me less time to set this&nbsp; up I'm working with what I have so you do have to&nbsp;&nbsp; be a little more creative but then on the edit you&nbsp; know I'm only collecting the talking head footage&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm not collecting any more b-roll while I'm there&nbsp; meaning custom b-roll um I'm taking advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; of uh different types of b-roll footage&nbsp; that I can grab from a tool that I use&nbsp;&nbsp; which is Art list and when it's all said and&nbsp; done I can create two 10minute videos in one&nbsp;&nbsp; recording session it takes us no more than 2&nbsp; hours to set up to record and to break down&nbsp;&nbsp; all the equipment for these types of videos&nbsp; and then when I go back to the office it's&nbsp;&nbsp; going to take me you know six sometimes&nbsp; eight very rarely does it go that long&nbsp;&nbsp; but uh because I have a workflow in place I go&nbsp; back to the office I select the b-roll that I&nbsp;&nbsp; want to use in art list and then I'm going to put&nbsp; the edit together so all in all this type of video&nbsp;&nbsp; shoot is going to take me about a day's work my&nbsp; clients get two 10 minute is videos that they can&nbsp;&nbsp; post to their YouTube channel I'm able to number&nbsp; one make a decent living for myself uh because I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; able to get clients and two clients uh can afford&nbsp; these types of services so that's it this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; setup that I use a majority of the time when I'm&nbsp; on site with clients capturing talking head video&nbsp;&nbsp; If you like this video be sure to give it a thumbs&nbsp; up if you like these types of videos I invite you&nbsp;&nbsp; to subscribe I have some more behind the scenes&nbsp; videos coming up in the coming weeks so be sure&nbsp;&nbsp; to follow along thanks as always for tuning&nbsp; in and I'll see you again in next week's video

  Top Comments:
  1. @HeatCoolTechie [1 likes]: What did you use to edit this video? Looks awesome!
  2. @kriedholm: What would you do to improve this setup and workflow?
  3. @thenailauthority: Thank you for the bra trick. I'm putting together my new studio setup and it's tricks like this that actually make a huge difference. Thank you!
  4. @VerticalAvalanche: What did you run your audio through to make it this clear. It’s just great.
  5. @VerticalAvalanche: I want you to know that your videos are GREAT! They seem natural and organic. I love it! Wishing you so much success.
  6. @cameronsatterfield14: What is the background that is behind you in this video that look like pieces of gray felt that interlock?

- 5 Budget Cameras Still Awesome For Video in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en so let me get this straight you're looking for an entry level budget camera that can shoot high quality video similar to the high-end cameras that the pros use well you came to the right video because two years ago when I first started this channel I was pretty much exactly in your shoes well maybe not exactly in your shoes I mean I'd assume your shoes are probably better than mine were but you get the picture right so fast forward about two years and I can confidently say that any of the cameras that I'll be talking about today can give you exactly what you're looking for even though some of them are priced at only about 600 bucks because in reality getting that beautiful cinematic footage isn't only about the camera and the lens that you use but it's mostly about your skills but don't worry because after you decide which camera you're gonna buy you can check out the rest of my channel to learn most of the skills that you're gonna need and just in case any newer or better cameras come out after I publish this video I'll make sure to add them to the links in the description below so coming in at number five we got the Fujifilm xs10 which happens to be the most expensive camera on our list price just under 1 000 bucks the xs10 has a 26 megapixel aps-c sensor it can shoot 4K up to 30 frames per second and can shoot up to 240 frames per second in 1080 for that super duper slow motion footage foreign so it's great for Content creators and vloggers and the fact that it comes with an evf is a big plus because you don't have to worry about screen visibility and bright sunlight the xs10 comes with in-body image stabilization and although it's not the most effective Ibis for video it does help out a lot when taking photos but personally I wouldn't recommend this camera for most people because you're going to get a lot more for your money with the rest of the cameras I'm going to tell you about that being said Fuji does have very special color science and if you're a person that appreciates those Fuji film simulation modes then this camera may be a great entry into the Fuji ecosystem but keep in mind that there is a 30 minute record limit on this camera and the autofocus isn't as good as Canon or Sony and we're shooting 4K in a hot environment the camera May overheat every now and then next we have the Canon M50 Mark II and yeah I know this camera came out over five years ago but it's an oldie but goodie I started this Channel with the Canon M50 and wouldn't hesitate to recommended for anyone that has a super tight budget you could pick one up brand new for only about five to six hundred bucks with the 15 to 45 millimeter kit lens but no doubt this camera does have its compromises firstly even though Canon cameras have some of the best autofocus in the game the M50 loses this autofocus when shooting in 4k so if you get this camera you pretty much have to consider it strictly a 1080 camera the 24 megapixel aps-c sensor gives you up to 60 frames per second in 1080 so you can get some decent slow-mo out of it Canon is well known for its ease of use and its amazing colors so the footage in the photos this camera produces are indeed beautiful it has both a flippy screen and an evf and feels very comfortable in your hands even though it's a small camera and similar to the Fuji xs10 it does have a 30 minute record limit but doesn't have any overheating issues now as much as I love this camera I have to say there are much better options out there which cost just slightly more so that 50 is no longer the best bang for your buck camera that it once was but here's the thing if you can find a clean used copy or if you can find it on sale then you might be able to pick up a deal that'll be hard to resist coming in at number three we got the Nikon z30 the z30 has a 21 megapixel aps-c sensor considering that you can get this camera with the kit lens for only about 700 bucks brand new it's a very compelling option it shoots 4K up to 30 frames per second and gives you 120 frames per second in 1080. it has a fully articulating flippy screen so it's great for Content creators and vloggers but unfortunately it doesn't have an evf so if you're into Stills it may not be the best choice but when it comes to video all the footage I've seen coming off of this sensor has been very solid considering that the record limit on the Nikon z30 is 125 minutes it's great if you shoot a lot of interviews podcasts or anything else that requires long takes it has been known overheat in 4k in warm environments so keep that in mind Nikon doesn't give you its log profile with this camera but it does give you a flat color profile which will help you out when color grading or when adding your favorite Luts and if you're not familiar with what a Lut is it stands for lookup table think of it as a preset that you can apply to your footage that's going to give you a cinematic look without you having to spend hours on color grading the footage you're looking at right now is how it looks straight out of camera and this is with my teal and orange juice Lut applied and this is with my analog days Lut so you can really make your footage and your photos pop regardless of which camera brand used to shoot them so make sure to check out my filmic love pack and Lightroom profiles available on my website and that brings us to the number two camera on my list which is none other than the Sony zve E10 this camera packs a 24 megapixel aps-c size sensor which gives you crisp 4K footage oversampled from 6K it gives you 4K up to 30 frames per second and 1080 up to 120 frames per second for some pretty nice slow motion personally I haven't been the biggest fan of Sony cameras but I can't lie this is one of the most capable cameras in the sub 1000 price range now I can't go into all the reasons why this camera is so good but I'll give you a few first things first the autofocus is Top Notch next it's one of the only cameras that offers a true log profile in this price range and although you won't be using that much with these entry level 8-bit cameras it's still a nice option to have it has a flippy screen which is great but similar to the z30 it doesn't have an evf Sony has the best mirrorless lens lineup currently available this is a big strength because your final look isn't going to just be determined by your camera but also your lens it doesn't have a record limit either and is it known to overheat so if long takes are important I'd go with this over any of the other cameras on this list and considering that you can buy the Sony zve10 for about 800 bucks including the kit lens man it's a hard deal to beat there has been rumors of a zve 10 Mark II coming out soon so make sure to check the links in the description below because I'll add it there if the rumors end up being true and that brings us to the number one entry level affordable camera for videography and filmmaking if you've been following my channel you know that even though I switched to Lumix recently I still love Canon cameras and I still own a few I think Canon makes some of the best cameras out there especially for beginners because they're the easiest cameras to learn on so the number one pick as far as I'm concerned has to be the Canon EOS R50 the R50 is like the new updated and improved version of the Canon M50 and you know how much I love that little beast the R50 comes in at about 800 bucks including the kit lens and has a few features that really punch Beyond this price point for starters the 24 megapixel aps-c sensor gives you 4K footage over sampled from 6K it could shoot up to 30 frames per second in 4k and up to 120 frames per second in 1080 for buttery smooth slow-mo Canon has included its new auto focusing system which gives you human animal vehicle and product autofocus the R50 has a flippy screen and the evf Canon recently announced that they've allowed Sigma to make lenses for the RF Mount so it looks like they reverse the short-sighted decision to ban third-party lens manufacturers so there should be plenty of affordable lenses coming in the near future which is great news I have to say say that it's a close call between the R50 and the Sony zve10 but I think that the R50 comes out ahead for a few reasons firstly the digital stabilization in the R50 is very good and only applies a 10 crop whereas the Sony applies a 40 crop which makes it harder to use for vlogging or wide shots second I really prefer the colors coming out of Canon cameras especially when it comes to skin tones and third the ergonomics the ease of use and simple menus make this the best fit for beginners but the one thing that may be a deal breaker for some is that the R50 has a one hour record limit and when shooting in the highest quality 4K the camera overheats at around the 40 minute Mark so to sum it up if you need to do long uninterrupted takes go with the zve E10 but if you don't do long takes and you want an easy to use camera that's going to give you beautiful results without much effort then go for the R50 now if you've gained any value from this video I'd appreciate it if you use the links below to purchase your new camera now keep in mind that all the cameras on this list were crop sensor aps-c cameras and if you could stretch your budget to about 1500 bucks you could go with a full frame camera instead and if you're not clear as to what are the differences between aps-c and full frame then I highly suggest you watch this video next where I explain the differences in simple language make sure to give the video a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel for more content if you have any questions just leave them for me below I appreciate you watching to the end and I'll see you in the next one as funai creative and I'm out peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @devlinsaikia [38 likes]: 2 years ago this guy with 5 budget camera in 2025.
  2. @iHernandez620 [1 likes]: I'm over here looking for a 100-150 lol
  3. @ebtada4526: your videos are so blur kindly change colour grading and make it clear thanks
  4. @guacamolegrinch: "budget" and "just under $1000" in the same sentence bruh
  5. @saxmanzzz: Thanks for this. Very watchable and informative. And thank you for no background music !
  6. @ciskqo: do u think its worth it to swap my zve10 to xs10? for ibis and evf. im using it for  travels photos and videos.
  7. @SupremeGecko: Not budget!
  8. @tadejstajnko1968: Thanks for this video. I have a question. Which lens is best for canon eos r50 for food photography, and for food video. thanks
  9. @Samicheekx: ONLY?? Bro this isn't budget 😂
  10. @mchepen: okay shooting vids at 60fps is expensive. specially here in Argentina. i got it. let me find me a cheaper hobby :(
  11. @NILS_MEDIA: Lumix G7 ❗
  12. @RotterStudios: The tools don't make the artist.
  13. @WAXnoWAX: I can‘t decide which Camera i should get, to film myself for Music Videos. Canon R50 or Sony ZV-e10 II. Any suggestions.  🤔
  14. @macaroon147: 600usd is budget? Damn bro im gonna cry
  15. @tokyoescobar: When i say budget i mean 2025 budget not 2012
  16. @OficialMiguelAngelo: what camrea are you using to sohoot this video
  17. @abdul-hammedbolarinwa9705: Good morning. please am not a video grapher nor a photo grapher but I need a camera I can use for lives video coverage in my association
  18. @Skulli6: Man this video is beautiful thank you so much
  19. @cubetrix21: I think you put the wrong canon r50 in the description
  20. @NikVan-q2l: Is this IA?

- Essential Film Equipment For Beginners (2022): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys Justice here with tomorrow filmmakers decom the largest online film Academy in the world and in this video I want to speak to all of you filmmakers out there that are thinking about jumping into the industry maybe you're wanting to start your own film business or maybe even just have a side hustle making videos I want to help all of the beginner filmmakers out there decide what gear to buy to start out in this industry now if you're already a successful filmmaker and have your own film business or maybe you're wondering if you should upgrade from the gh5s to the new gh6 then this video probably isn't for you this video is for all the beginner filmmakers out there that want to get a better idea of what gear they need to buy without breaking the bank now many filmmakers will just tell you what types of gear you should buy but I want to give you my recommendations on specific gear to buy so that if you wanted to start filming today all you would have to do is put all of these in your cart and you'd be done now of course that being said after you get the gear you need or maybe even before you start shopping you need to know that it doesn't matter how expensive or high quality your equipment is if you don't know how to use it having the equipment to start filming is an absolute must but so is the education on how to put it to use if you've done any searching of your own online you've probably seen that film school is way too expensive and even online film courses are close to $11,000 and you might be thinking to yourself how on Earth am I going to be able to afford all the gear I need and the education luckily for you you are in the right place and as a matter of fact so many other people have asked us that exact same question which is why at tomorrow's filmmakers we have over a thousand training videos and over a 100 hours of content on every single aspect of film making taught by Leading Professionals in the film industry for only 97 bucks we've helped over 15,000 filmmakers quit their day job start their film business businesses and even some go from film hobbyists to award-winning filmmakers we understand how important it is to be able to afford all the gear you need as well as the education so if you want to take advantage of this crazy deal you can check out our website in the link below and head on over to tomorrow's filmmakers decom to learn more now here's the thing when it comes to owning a film business you have to have equipment there's no way you can build a film business with no way to film I mean there's some jobs out there where you can just use your brain and there's not a lot of physical things that are involved but with film making you need equipment too I mean you wouldn't start a tree cutting service without first owning a chainsaw even if it's a small cheap one just to get you started you still have to own some equipment so I would first like to start by giving you guys a very famous quote when it comes to building any business and that is you have to spend money to make money there's always money involved when you're starting a business so determine how much you can spend to get the best equipment possible to learn with now am I suggesting that you purchase $40,000 worth of equipment right up front absolutely not I mean even if you had that kind of budget I wouldn't want you to spend that but it does mean that you can't run a successful film Business Without first investing something into the equipment so for this video I'm going to try to do something crazy I'm going to try to keep everything we talk about under $1,500 yes everything you need to get started under 1,500 bucks now of course if I had the choice I would definitely suggest you go purchase the newest Panasonic or Sony camera that's like $5,000 and it would be incredible but I know from personal experience that a lot of people don't want to do that maybe because you aren't sure if this is what you want to do for the rest of your life or maybe it's something you just want to dabble in or you're unsure or maybe you don't have that kind of budget whatever it is we want to keep the budget under $1,500 so you can have everything you need to get started now the first thing I want to talk about is very obvious but I just want to get this out of the way at the beginning and that is your camera buying your camera is by far the most important part of this entire journey and the most essential tool for what we do like most things on this list though when it comes to camera shopping I would say most of this comes down to personal choice and preference and most importantly budget if you already have a camera use it but if you're wondering what equipment we would recommend getting started here's what you need if you want to jump into the DSLR world the number one cameras that I would recommend all of our students to get no matter who you are if you have a very low budget the two best beginner cameras on the market today are the Canon M50 and the Sony zv E10 they both shoot in 4k and are the perfect camera to start with but unfortunately they can also be upwards of $7 to $800 if you can afford that then go for it but if you have absolutely no budget and you want to keep everything under $1,500 then the number one camera that you need to buy is the Canon Rebel T2i it will only cost you about $150 on eBay or maybe even less it's an awesome little camera that's perfect for beginners it has interchangeable lenses it shoots 1080P and you can always get magic lantern to unlock even more features now I recommend this camera to all of our students who are starting out with pretty much no budget if you have a little bit higher budget I would highly recommend the Canon SL2 two on eBay the reason is because it shoots in 60 frames per second at 1080p which will give you really high quality slow motion now of course these cameras came out a long time ago and we would want you to upgrade but if you don't have a budget get one of these cameras instead of just running out there with your cell phone if you have a little bit higher budget definitely get the Canon M50 or the Sony zv E10 and then slowly upgrade from there I bought a Canon 7D back in 2008 after that I owned a Canon 60D then I bought a Panasonic GH4 a Panasonic gh5s and then a red Scarlet so I didn't just dive into the deep end of the pool and buy a red Scarlet right at the beginning I started out where I could afford and then worked my way up and if you want to know exactly how to master all the settings in your camera you can check out our YouTube video on mastering your camera in 20 minutes next is your lens now the great thing about starting out is that many cameras that you will buy usually come with a lens or two especially if you buy them used maybe you bought a package deal or something like that so whatever lens your camera comes with use it I mean the 18 to 55 or the 28 to 135 kit lens that came with a lot of Canon dslrs is perfect to start with I mean I would definitely suggest upgrading eventually but they will give you the ability to make some videos learn about different focal links and just be able to practice without breaking your bank after that I would highly recommend a 50 mm prime lens now the f1.8 is only around 100 bucks and the f1.4 is around $350 either one you get though a prime lens is a necessity whenever you're a filmmaker after that I would either get a wide angle lens or a zoom lens depending on what you film the most I typically use my wide angle lens 10 times as much as I would use a zoom lens so I would purchase a tokina maybe 11 to 16 millimeter first then a 70 to 200 telephoto lens when you can afford it the Canon L Series lenses and sigma prime lenses are absolutely beautiful I would highly recommend a 50 mm and a 35 mm but it all depends on what you shoot but again sticking with that $1,500 budget use your kit lens that comes with your camera and then buy a 50 mm prime lens and if you want to learn everything about lenses you can check out our most recent YouTube video on mastering your lenses next and a very very important topic is support and yes this comes before anything else some people suggest oh grab a stabilizer or a Glide cam right at the beginning of your career because they love the style and they love the look and yes I personally have a Glide Cam and a ronin s and that's something that comes with experience but what I'm talking about and the thing that I would recommend is a solid tripod for your camera and when looking for a good tripod you want to get one that says fluid head or drag system and this means that it's meant for video the tripod that you find at places like Walmart are not meant for smooth motions at all and they're really almost impossible to make smooth so when looking for a tripod you want to look for one that says fluid head and you can actually find some pretty cheap ones on Amazon for around $75 to $100 but we wouldn't recommend going any cheaper than that because anything less than $100 or so is just garbage but my personal favorite to all beginners is the Davis and Sanford fm18 tripod and it is fantastic I personally used this tripod for many years before upgrading and it's incredible not only is it super smooth it's also super high quality and looks really professional if you show up on set with kind of a dinky tripod it doesn't look very good but if you show up on set with this tripod you'll look very professional because it's super high quality so invest in a good tripod because it can last your film making career if you want to upgrade the manf froto and benro tripods are the way you need to go they are incredible but the moral of the story is get a set of legs for your camera and you will not regret it if you'd like to learn more you can check out our YouTube video explaining all about tripods next is audio now for me Road microphones are some of the greatest microphones out there for filmmakers like you and me you can buy so many different versions of them you can buy the Road video mic Pro that goes on top of your camera or you can buy the ntg2 or ntg3 and have a shotgun mic that you can put on a boom pole but they are amazing and I would highly recommend Road microphones now there are many different microphones out there and we talk all about audio inside tomorrow's filmmakers but those are the microphones that I would recommend as for audio recorders I have always loved Zoom audio recorders I've used both zoom and Tas Cam and I find that I like Zoom a little bit better and you can get them actually pretty cheap a zoom H1 is only about 100 bucks you can get an h4n and then an H6 and an f8 and there absolutely ton of field recorders out there there and they just keep going up in price with better features and better quality but what you need to do is you need to buy a field recorder first and then a microphone now with every new camera that comes out they are always upgrading features and adding new settings but dslrs have never really focused on audio that much because they are picture cameras first with a video option so there are many audio settings in a DSLR that really aren't that good and some of the older dslrs don't even have audio settings so when buying a microphone don't just plug it into your camera plug it into something that will give you tons of settings and control buy a field recorder first a zoom field recorder is a great option and then buy a microphone which again we would recommend Road microphones and then you plug them in and you will have fantastic quality audio we have an in-depth audio course inside tomorrow's filmmakers so you can check that out if you'd like to learn more now right now we are only at about $750 again we have the bare bones minimum that you'll need but these are the pieces of equipment that you need to get started now you could of course just start with this or maybe buy a $700 camera instead of the cheaper one and it's entirely up to you but these are the few pieces of gear that are essential to you as a filmmaker and you need to buy them as soon as possible But continuing with our $1,500 budget next would be a gimbal since gimbals came out they have pretty much become a staple in film making and if you don't have one your projects will not look look nearly as good as the competition believe me I started out when there were no gimbals I purchased a Glide cam when they first came out and now I own multiple gimbals and you can see the quality of my projects increase as I was able to add more motion and smooth movements into my film making now the good thing is you can get a really nice gimbal for really cheap actually there are a bunch of Manufacturers on the market today but we would highly recommend DJI they have their Ronin SC which is only 2 $70 brand new and if you can find it used for cheaper go for it I used to tell our students that a gimbal wasn't quite as necessary when they first came out but now believe me all right it's the one piece of equipment that will set you apart from the competition we have multiple YouTube videos on gimbals and glide cam so go check those out for more information next we have lighting this of course is vital to film making but you can get into the industry without it for a little bit I know many filmmakers who start out filming mostly outdoor weddings or camp videos and projects that don't require any lights but if you start to get further into the business you'll definitely need some lights now we highly recommend aperture lights for any filmmaker no matter where you are in your film making Journey if you're just starting out to experts but sticking with that $1,500 budget the lighting equipment we would recommend is the god do sl150 which is $250 and then you're definitely going to need a softbox to put over that which is another 150 bucks if you purchase these two pieces of equipment you will be ready to film any interview any Camp video any ice cream shop promo whatever it is you will have the lights that you need if you'd like to learn more about lighting we have an in-depth lighting course inside tomorrow's filmmakers and also be sure to check out our YouTube video on eight steps to cinematic lighting okay right now we are around $1,400 without tax now the final piece of equipment that you need is an editor you can get all this equipment and film but then you have absolutely no way to edit it the number one editor that we recommend would be Adobe Premiere Pro and we don't get any commissions or affiliate sales by saying this or sending you to some link to buy and then we get a kickback from it they just really are the best we have used and we have used a lot the Creative Cloud Suite is $52 a month which comes out to $600 a year and what's amazing is that everyone who signs up for tomorrow's filmmakers gets 60% off the Creative Cloud Suite that saves you $360 a year so by signing up for our $97 course you actually save $360 and if you use Adobe for multiple years that's thousands and thousands of dollar saved all by signing up for our $97 course but if you don't want to get the Creative Cloud Suite there are a few cheaper and some free options as well Final Cut Pro is a one-time purchase of $300 and inside tomorrow's fil filmmakers you also save $100 on that D Venture resolve is a onetime payment of $295 but actually has a free version that you can use which works fantastic there are even some really cool third-party editors like hit film their editor is around $400 but has a free version that is called Hit film Express and works fantastic either way whichever editor you decide to use we have in-depth training courses on every single one of them so no matter what you edit with Adobe Premiere Pro Final Cut pro d Vinci resolve hit film Express we will teach you exactly how to use it inside tomorrow's filmmakers with that you have now purchased all the gear that you need to get started in the film industry this is all the gear that I started out with and that so many other filmmakers like me have started out with now of course like I said at the beginning these pieces of equipment will get you started but if you have a higher budget or want to invest more I would suggest upgrading everything on this list and that's the point of this list now that you have it simply upgrade every item on this list and you will have all the equipment that you need so I hope this video has really helped you guys out and you feel more confident in what you should purchase in getting started if you like links to all of the equipment that we just mentioned in our $1,500 package you can click the kit page in the link below and you can see everything that we talked about now even if you get all of this equipment though if you don't know how to use it it doesn't matter what kind of equipment you have if you get the the best camera in the world but don't know how to edit it doesn't matter what you shoot it's going to look terrible if you have the best microphone in the world but don't know how to light anything the video might sound good but it's going to look terrible that's why we created tomorrow's filmmakers to give filmmakers the ability to purchase the equipment they need and the education on how to use it you no longer have to decide between the Gear or the education with over a th000 training videos and over a 100 hours of content our $800 award winning online film course is yours for other filmmakers just like you quit their day jobs and become award-winning filmmakers if you'd like to learn more click the link in the notes below and head on over to tomorrow filmmakers decom and learn all the skills that you need to succeed

  Top Comments:
  1. @noncircadianrhythm [8 likes]: Video starts at about 4:38
  2. @TamajynDP [1 likes]: I know you get a kickback, but it's wild you recommend Premiere Pro for beginners when Davinci Resolve free is full featured and arguably better than Adobe at $600 a year...
  3. @RohVeganAufblühen [1 likes]: i ask on you´re website a question you dont answer since 3 days. WHY i shoud than buy you´re offer???
  4. @pralex4477 [1 likes]: I was expected he would add the price of the computer for the edition for I was using PP and realize I couldn't even render none of my project with my actual lenovo i5 6th generation
  5. @JustinManda-j9s: Hey anyone to help with eBay account
  6. @rachelx8092: Do you recommend sennheiser mics, I’m debating between rode and sennheiser
  7. @MagicViewTv-h3u: Thanks for this video
  8. @evilm3x: @youtube algorithm PUSH THIS VIDEO MORE, Had to scroll a long to find this
  9. @gianthills: for audio I would forget about a boom set up. too expensive. just record all dialogue later. this gear is not for beginners.
  10. @AGTHEPHOTOPLUG: Davinci is free and i think its better than premiere pro
  11. @mariolibrero-i7q: Recomending a non-linear mic especifically for filmmaking is insane, just rent a pro lévelo linear mic when you need it
  12. @MatthewSparrow-bb7bw: I’m trying to make a Spider-Man fan film and I have a max budget of 300 for the entire movie. This is also my first time doing everything so camera equipment and costume is all inside of the budget for that movie too and right now I’m at 160 for costumes and I like 50 bucks for all camera equipment
  13. @UDAYSAVITHRI-x5l: Can anyone get me access to the classes for Free? I don't have enough money to pay but just have enough passion to learn to make films.
  14. @sadecore: I went from 8,000$ in my cart to 1,500$ insane! Ur a life saver
  15. @ArcherFish: great stuff
  16. @bbq26_2: I have Nikon Z30 does it work.
  17. @levischidolo: Very educative
  18. @zanerr5780: do we really need a field recorder or can i just attach the cable to my camera or my iphone
  19. @elamigotony: Thank you so much!!! Loved this  video now i know where to start
  20. @pocono_paintball: I've been slowly acquiring gear to film paintball. I've got a Canon T6i, a 50 1.8, a 70-200 2.8, a couple other lenses, a Rode wireless go II (will be replaced with a shotgun mic soon), a tripod that needs a better head, and I'm hopefully gaining some skill. If is there anything obviously missing?

- The BEST YouTube AND Instagram Gear for 2025 (Camera, Audio, Lighting, and more!): Kind: captions Language: en Another year calls for an updated equipment video. In today's video, I'm going to show you the gear that I've been using for my sitdown YouTube videos, my desktop setup, my short form content, my vlogs, and also bonus, what I've been using to take these photos for Instagram. Because so many of you guys have been commenting asking me what I'm using. So, I'm going to put you on. Now, if you're familiar with me, you know that I am not a tech bro. If I have to spend more than 5 minutes figuring out equipment, I do not want it. At the same time, I am someone who does value quality and staying up todate to a certain degree. And clearly, I'm doing something right because we are so close to a million subscribers here on YouTube. So, if you are like me and you want highquality videos, highquality content without the complicated side of tech and you want simple gear that actually works, then keep on watching because we are going to talk about my sit down YouTube videos first. So, this is my trusty Sony ZV10. I do have the older version. There is a new version out now, but personally, I didn't think that it was worth upgrading. But if you are someone who is thinking of getting a brand new camera, you don't currently have this one, then definitely future proof yourself and get the new one. But regardless, there are five reasons why I will always recommend this camera to anyone who's thinking of starting YouTube, or even if you're a more advanced creator, but you want tech that doesn't cause you headache. The first reason being that it is a Sony camera. I have tried Canon. I've tried Panasonic. I've tried DJI. I've tried Instigo 360. I've tried Fuji. And nothing beats autofocus on Sony cameras. I can always rely on the fact that I will not be blurry. And this is so important, especially when you're filming videos. Second reason, which is not unique to the ZV10 because most newer Sony cameras have this feature, is being able to film in intelligent auto. So many of you guys ask me what my camera settings are, whether or not I color grade. Girl, I don't even know how to color grade. I don't even know what an ISO is or shutter speed is. Okay. And so being able to film in intelligent auto has been gamechanging because what it does is it will automatically detect whether or not I'm outside, inside, what the lighting is, whether I'm filming myself, other people or a product, and it will automatically do the settings for me so that all I have to do is hit record and film my video and trust that it's going to be bomb.com quality. Most of my videos are all filmed in intelligent auto and it is absolutely life-changing. Next reason is the Sony ZV10 is incredibly lightweight. Now, I have spent double the amount on cameras that have more features, but I will still always use the Sony ZV10 because it is small. It's literally smaller than my hand, but big enough for me to see myself. It's light enough for me to put in my purse, to put around my wrist, to not feel any strain when I'm trying to maneuver the camera. It doesn't cause my cheaper tripods to topple over, and so this is just the perfect size for me personally. Now, speaking of more expensive cameras, this is my Sony a6400. It was way more expensive than the ZV10 back when I bought this. And to this day, it is still more expensive than the ZV10 because it's technically got better features or more features or something like that. But the reason why I don't like this camera is for two reasons. Number one, it's heavier, but also I didn't realize how much I hated this type of flip screen until I got this camera. Because when I add a microphone or receiver on top, I just can't see myself. Whereas with the ZV10, the screen is on the side. And so whenever I put anything here, I can still see myself and it doesn't obstruct my view. Now, the last reason why I love the Sony ZV10 specifically is even though it is so light and compact, it's still a mirrorless camera, which allows me to change out the lens. And something that I want everybody to know is the body of your camera doesn't necessarily always dictate the vibe of your video. Yes, as long as your body can support 4K filming, has great autofocus, I feel like that's all you really need. maybe like good lighting settings maybe or intelligent auto like those type of things is because of the body of the camera. But in terms of the depth that you see in the video, the amount of blur that you see in the background, that's all dictated by the lens. And that's exactly why I don't necessarily use my Osmo Pocket 3 to film all of my videos because sometimes I want to have that signature YouTube look where there's bokeh, there's blurry backgrounds, and there's just that depth. And so that's really all because of the lenses that I'm using. So let me share the lenses that I have. So, I've got three Sony lenses that I rotate between. The first one is the kit lens that comes with the Sony ZV10. It's a 50mm lens. I've also got an 11 mm wide angled lens. And then I've also got this big Sigma 16mm f1.4 lens. Now, let's first talk about the lens that comes with the Sony ZV10, which is this 50mm pancake lens. Now, when I first saw this lens and I used it, I absolutely hated it. And the reason why is because when I filmed videos with it, I noticed that it was very like cropped in and it was very zoomed in on my face and it just wasn't a flattering angle. And so that's why I ended up getting this 11 mm lens, which I'll talk about later. But turns out it wasn't the lens's issue. It was the fact that I had a certain setting that was turned on. So if you have this lens and you notice that it's very cropped to your face, just go to your settings and make sure that steadyshot is either set to standard or turned off completely. Don't have it on active mode. if you do not like that cropped look. As you can see here, there is a huge difference when steadyshot mode is active. And so, ever since changing the setting, this lens went from being the lens that I never use to the lens that I use the most now because it is so small compared to my other lenses. And it's almost like the perfect depth for me for most of my videos. It's also not too heavy, so when I have it on a cheaper tripod, it doesn't fall over. Now, because back then I didn't know I had a settings issue, I ended up getting this 11 millimeter wide-angled lens because I just wanted to open up the space and allow people to see more of my background. Now, this lens I still use quite often. I specifically love using it when I'm filming tutorials at my desk and I know that I'm going to have a screen share tutorial somewhere or I'm going to have a lot of graphics showing up on the screen. I want to create more space to add those graphics in my videos. Or let's say if you're filming in a very tight space and you want to open up and enlarge the space, this is the perfect lens for that. Or let's say if you want to vlog with the ZV10, this is also a perfect solution for that as well. Then the last lens that I have is this Sigma 16mm f1.4 lens. This is the lens if you do want to have that blurry background effect that is so signature to OG YouTube videos. The only downside of this lens is that it is incredibly heavy, which is why I feel like it's not the most compatible with the Sony ZV10 because it's almost heavier than the actual camera body itself. And so, if you have a cheaper tripod, your camera will kind of topple over. So, you definitely want a sturdier tripod if you're going to combine the ZV10 with the Sigma 16mm f1.4 lens. And if you're thinking of buying this lens, you want to make sure you get the E-mount version so that it's compatible with your Sony camera. Now, right now, I'm filming on the Sony ZV10 using the kit lens on intelligent auto with regular daylight lighting. So, you guys can see the difference and see whether or not you like this vibe. But anyways, the next thing I want to talk about is the microphones that I've been using for pretty much all different platforms, all different cameras. This is the best microphone that I have found so far, and it is the DJI Mic Mini. It has me in a chokeold. The reason why is for three reasons. Number one is that it's very lightweight. I have found that using, let's say, the Road Wireless Go, it's just way too bulky. It's an eyes sore. It's heavy. So, when I'm wearing a cardigan or a lighter shirt, it just makes my shirts topple over and it makes me very uncomfortable with filming. Whereas, with the DJI Mic Mini, I'm able to just clip it on my shirt like I am right here, or use a magnet and put it anywhere in my body. And the reason why I have switched to using lav mics, even though back then I used shotgun mics and I was a huge shotgun mic fan, is over time as my content got more sophisticated, as I started vlogging more, it became more important for me for my microphone to catch my voice anywhere I am in my room. Like right now, I'm not even on camera, but you can still hear my voice. And I just love that reliability. Now, the second reason why I love this microphone is it's just easy to use. I plug it into my camera, I turn it on. I have never had to change a single setting and I personally find that the audio quality is perfect. And then finally, the last and main reason why the DJI Mic Mini has entered goat status for me is because of the multi-purpose usage of it. Not only does this microphone automatically connect to my DJI Osmo Pocket 3 via Bluetooth, but I can also plug in the receiver on my Sony ZV10 and use it for YouTube videos like I am right now. But beyond that, because I got the lightning adapter, because I have an older iPhone, I'm able to plug it into my iPhone and use this microphone for voiceovers or just for a microphone for my iPhone in general. And then lastly, I recently found out that I can also plug the receiver in to my computer and use this microphone for video calls, screen shares, meetings, anything related to using my MacBook or my desktop. I'm able to use this microphone, too. So, I'm actually going to replace my Sure SM7B because I actually think it's quite an eyes sore on my desk. And I don't really take that many meetings anymore. And so, I love the fact that with the DJI Mic Mini, I'm able to plug it into my computer and use it as a microphone like that. Now, let's talk about the other accessories that I use for my sit down YouTube videos, and that is the dummy battery. This has also entered goat status for me. You will not see an equipment video where I do not talk about the dummy battery. It's especially helpful when I'm filming sitdown videos that take me anywhere between an hour to four hours to film. It's basically a battery that you can put in your Sony camera, plug it into the wall, and it'll make sure that your camera is always running so it does not die midway through. Also, you do not need a Sony camera in order to have a dummy battery. Just go on Amazon, search up the model of your camera, then the keyword dummy battery, and then there should be a dummy battery that works for you. Now, sometimes a dummy battery doesn't always make sense, especially if you want more range of motion, you want to hold your camera, walk around your house, or you don't have access to an outlet. So, the next thing I recommend is always having spare batteries on hand. I got this on Amazon. I will link every single thing that I've mentioned in this video in my description box. Now, what's worse than your camera dying midway through filming is running out of storage. So, I highly recommend that you get at least 256 GB for your SD card. Personally, I like using micro SD cards like this because it's more compatible with more cameras. So, this can be used for your DJs Pocket. It can be used for your Sony camera. But, at minimum, try to get 256 GB. I know in the short term, you feel like you're saving money if you're getting a 16 GB SD card, but you will run of storage really quickly. And over time, you're going to have to buy more and more SD cards anyways. I also recommend that whatever SD card you're getting, it can film in 4K because a lot of the cheaper ones don't. So, we're back to filming on the Osmo Pocket, but I want to show you my tripod. This is different from the tripod that I was using last year. It's still a newer tripod. This is the newer N284 Plus Go. It's still very sturdy, so every time I touch my camera, my camera's not going to shake. It's very long, has a lot of different adjustable heights, and also it's got a 360 ball head, so I can film vertical content as well. But what's different about this tripod than the one I was using last year, and this is a standout feature, is the fact that when I bring it up like this, I click this button, I'm now able to film in multi-angle. This is perfect for when I'm doing over- the head shots or let's say I'm filming at my desk and I want the camera to be a lot closer to me, but my tripod doesn't necessarily fit on my desk. I can easily use this tripod to get closer to me so that it's more intimate. I also love the fact that this is completely adjustable, so it can be as close or as far as I want to. It has a 360deree motion like this. And because the tripod can go really high, I'm able to get pretty good overhead shots, especially when I'm trying to film drink content or let's say I want to show my workflow. Not to mention, I actually love this tripod so much to the point where I got an attachment for my iPhone. This has been very helpful for my short form content as well, which I will talk about later in this video. Next, let's talk lighting. This is my Amaran 100X mounted on a 9- FFT lighting stand with a softbox lantern attached to it. Now, there are three reasons why I love my lighting setup. Number one, it's very plug-andplay. I just plug it in and with the Amaran 100X, I can adjust the brightness level and the warmth level of my light. Next, because of the lighting stand, it's height adjustable. So, as you can see, it can be as tall or as short as I want it to. And I promise this looks huge compared to me, but it's actually not that big in comparison to my actual office. And I'll show you in a few clips kind of for size comparison. The last reason why I love this light is because this softbox diffuses light evenly. And so you're going to get more of that natural look. It's not going to look harsh. You're not going to have those shadows. And in comparison to other setups that I've seen, especially the ones that the tech bros have, it just takes up so much space. And I still want my office to be my office. And so I love that this is just a singular stand and I can kind of tuck it away in the corner, let's say, rather than have my entire office being a YouTube studio. So just as a quick lighting demo, I'm going to show you what it looks like. So as you can see right here, it's a bit glooier. The sun's setting. It's not that great, but let me turn on the light and you can see the difference. It basically lights up the entire room and it's not too harsh of lighting. Yeah, obviously you might be able to tell that I'm using artificial light, but it's not harsh, which I like. It's very natural still. Now, on the topic of YouTube, I often do a lot of screen share tutorials. I also do a lot of virtual meetings and virtual presentations. So, I want to show you my desktop setup. But first, let's switch to the 11 mm lens because you can't see much right now with the kit lens. Now, isn't this so much better? All I did was change the lens. I didn't change the distance of the camera or where I'm standing. And now you can see so much more of my office space. This is my desktop. And if you watched my equipment video from last year, you'll notice that there was so much more clutter on this side. And it's because I was using my Sony a6400 as my webcam. But because of that, I needed to have a lot of wires, a lot of mounts. And over time, it just became such an eyesore. And I realized that I do not want my office to look like a YouTube studio. I want my office to look like an actual office, to be aesthetic, to be a place where I feel peace and productivity. And just having so much gear on my desk just was not the vibe. And so what I did was I downsized to using my Osmo Pocket 3 as a webcam. But there were two problems. Number one, it does not film in 4K when it's used as a webcam or when it's plugged into your computer. Second, because I vlog and I'm using my vlogging camera as my webcam, I now can't vlog the meetings that I'm in. And it was really annoying. And so, literally, I cannot make this up. I manifested this webcam that I'm going to talk to you about from Obspot, who agreed to sponsor this video. I was literally going to buy this webcam myself, but then they reached out. It was just perfect timing. So, I have to talk to you about the Tiny 2 webcam. It's a webcam that can film up to 4K 30 frames per second, is a gimbal, has AI tracking features, hands-free control, and super fast autofocus, and so many more features that I didn't even know I needed in a webcam. So, let me show you how it works. So, there is nothing complicated with the Obspot Tiny 2. All you have to do is plug it in with a USBC cable. They will give you one and they also give you this handy stand that attaches by magnet and you can easily just put it on the top of your desktop computer or you can put it on your MacBook. At the bottom of the webcam, there is a screw head if you ever want to put it on a tripod or you can lay it flat on your desk if you like. So, right now I'm filming on the Tiny 2 and I was really impressed by the image quality, especially for a webcam. And this is because it's got a higher CMOS sensor compared to other webcams on the market. What this basically means, it's going to have better autofocus, better image quality, and it's going to perform better under low light situations. I've also found because my desk doesn't face the window, it actually faces a wall, and usually I have a ton of backlight coming through and it's not very flattering compared to other webcams I've used without any additional lighting. I do find that the quality on the Tiny 2 is quite impressive. And just so you guys can compare without the window backlight, this is what the quality looks like. I don't have any artificial lighting. I just have you guys on a tripod on my desk. But I could literally film full-blown YouTube videos with this webcam. Now, beyond the really impressive image quality, it's also very similar to the Osmo Pocket where it's got tracking and can follow me around my office, but it's better than that because they have so many more options. For example, they have an upper body option where if I get up from my desk and I want to show you around, but I don't want the focus to be on my full body. This is perfect if you're doing presentations or webinars or anything like that and as you get closer to your webcam, it's just going to automatically adjust itself. And opposite to upper body, they also have a lower body as well. So, let's give it a go. As you can see, this can be very helpful if, let's say, you're a dancer, you do educational videos for dance, and you're trying to show off a certain move. And for you fashion creators out there, there is also a headless option where it's going to show everything except my head. So, this is perfect if you're trying to show off your fits or whatever you're wearing really. And then finally, here is the close-up option. It's very similar to the upper body option, except it's really trying to zone in on my actual face. And just to show you, it is a 360 gimbal. I can basically walk anywhere in my office and it's going to follow me around. So, you can kind of see it has way more features or at least tracking features than the DJI Osmo Pocket. And as I get closer to the camera, it just auto adjusts, which I really appreciate. Now, in addition to the cool AI tracking features, there's also gesture control. So, if I put my hands out like this and then I pull outwards, it's going to zoom in. Opposite to that, I can pinch inwards and then it's going to zoom out. I can also just put one hand up and then it's going to zoom in and then I could put the other hand out and then it's going to zoom out. This is going to be so fun when you live stream and let's say I'm sitting over here on my couch and I'm trying to yap with you guys, but you guys are just far away. All I have to do is literally pull you guys inwards. And if I'm not happy with that, I can pull you guys inwards even more. I cannot wait to live stream with this camera. It's going to be so much fun. Now, there are so many other features that the Tiny 2 has to offer. So, check out the OSbot website to learn more, but also look at the other cameras that they have. They even launched the new Meat SE which has a lot of the features that I mentioned in this video, but also at a very, very affordable price point. I think it's actually the most budget friendly webcam that they've launched to date. And not only is the Mi SC super cute, but it's also got AI autoframing such as close-up mode, upper body mode, and even a group mode. But it's also got the same gesture controls that I mentioned with the Tiny 2, and it can film up to 1080p at 100 frames per second. Now, regardless of which webcam you choose, OBS did give me a discount code for you guys. So, check it out in the link in my description box or in my comment section below. But make sure you check it out soon because the discount code does expire on May 31st. Now that we've talked about my webcam, let's talk about the rest of my desktop. I am filming on my iPhone 14 Pro Max at 0.5 zoom at 4K 60 frames per second. Back camera. So, earlier I introduced you to my DJI Mic Mini. When it comes to filming tutorials, I typically use this microphone. So, I'll take out the receiver. It comes with a USBC adapter. And all I have to do is just put it in. And in my Mac Studio, I will just plug the receiver inside like so. And it'll automatically connect with my microphone. So now, because the receiver is connected to my computer, whenever I'm filming screen share tutorials, it'll automatically pick up this mic. Now, I do have another microphone that's on my desk, and this is the Shure SM7B. It's on an Elgato arm. I really like this arm if you're looking for a good microphone stand. The reason why I don't necessarily recommend this microphone to everyone is because it is an XLR mic. XLR mics are a lot more complicated to set up. It requires a lot more equipment to power unlike USB microphones where you just plug it in and you can use it right away. And so that's why I don't necessarily recommend this. And even myself, I would I don't know how to set it up. Leon set it up for me. But if you do want to learn how to set up a microphone like this, I did film an in-depth tutorial in last year's equipment video that you can reference. But even for me lately, when I am filming screen share tutorials, I find myself using my DJI Mic Mini a lot more. The only downside with using the DJI Mic Mini is it does need to be charged up, whereas this one is always charged because it's pretty much plugged to a wall. Also, if you are interested in a full office tour, the furniture that I'm using, all the other stuff, then let me know in the comment section below. Now, in this segment, we are going to talk about my vlogging gear. And I am filming this on the Tiny 2 webcam. Throughout this video, I've been switching up the different cameras that I'm using to show you guys what these cameras actually look like if you're filming a real YouTube video. And then you can make a decision on which one you like best. But anyways, let's talk about my vlogging gear. Starting with the Pocket 3. Now, I've mentioned this camera throughout the video, good things and bad things. One thing that you have to know about this camera is that it may not be the best quality, which again is why I use this camera for most of my sitdown videos, but you cannot deny that this camera makes it so easy to vlog. Like, imagine vlogging with this camera. I've done it before, and that's why I hated vlogging for years. This is heavy. This feels awkward. It doesn't fit in my purse. It's not like super user friendly. Whereas something like this is so lightweight, so discreet. I no longer feel awkward vlogging in public. And this is the camera that jumpst started my appreciation for vlogging and it made me more comfortable with vlogging in general. And the thing is is throughout my years of being a creator, I've learned the hard way that it's less about having a camera that's the most expensive and has the most features and it's more about finding a camera that you feel the most comfortable using because whatever you feel most comfortable to film with is the videos that you'll actually make and post. But anyways, when it comes to making the most of my Pocket 3, I highly recommend getting the Creator Combo. I do have a dedicated video about the Creator Combo and all the accessories that I have for the DJISMO Pocket 3, but I want to just cover the top ones that I use the most in this video. So, the first one is the battery pack that it comes with in the creator combo. If you're going to vlog, you're going to run out of batteries really quickly. So, this is a lifesaver. I also use the wide-angled lens a lot when I travel or vlog outside, especially. I don't want the focal point to be my face. I want people to see my environment and sometimes I feel like my arms are really short. So, I definitely need this lens. And then finally, the microphone that comes with the creator combo. Now, you might be surprised because I am ride or die for my new DJI Mic Mini. But the reason why I still use this microphone a lot, especially when I'm vlogging outdoors, is because I have this Oolanszi cage around my Osmo Pocket whenever I vlog outside. And this is by far my favorite accessory. On this side of this cage, there is a slider here for extra attachments, but I found it to be the perfect fit to put in the microphone. So, now my microphone is with me at all times. I don't find that it falls off. And then in the back, there's also a screw head where you can also add an attachment. For me, I've added a sticky attachment that I got from my Instigo 360, which is a camera I do not use, but I really do like this attachment because I can basically stick my Osmo Pocket onto virtually anything. There are also other attachments like a magnetic attachment that you can put on it as well. And then on the back of the Ulanzi cage, you can also add a wrist strap. This has been gamechanging for me, especially when I am out and about vlogging. Now, I recently found out that with the Osmo Pocket itself, you can already add a wrist attachment. So, if you only want to add a wrist attachment, you don't really need to have the Ulanzi cage, but I do find it helpful to put in my microphone and an extra attachment in the back. It does add a little extra weight to your Osmo Pocket, which is why I only really use it when I'm traveling or vlogging outdoors. Now, speaking of travel, one of the best accessories that I ever got for my Osmo was this small rig. So, I'm able to maneuver this rig however I want. I can attach it to virtually anything. For example, I've put it in cars, planes, suitcases. You can get really cool shots with this. But also, you don't always need a tripod and you can use this instead. And then speaking of tripod, even though the Creator Combo does come with this little attachment here, I've never really enjoyed using it because it makes my Osmo longer than it needs to be. And so instead, I got this cheap silicone stand that allows my Osmo to stand on virtually any flat surface. Next, if I'm not using my wide-angled lens, I do like using this ND filter that I got. Now, a lot of people roasted me in my last Osmo video saying that I was using this lens wrong because I was using it indoors. And ND filters are meant to be sunglasses for your camera. So, when you're outdoors, you can reduce the glare and increase the image quality. But personally, I actually like using this indoors. I don't care what you think because it allows me to almost like adjust the exposure in a way. So, I definitely do love using the ND filter even though I'm not technically using it properly. Finally, the next accessory that I use a lot is this Sunny Life case for my Osmo. It just basically protects it. I mainly use this when I know I'm not going to be vlogging all day and I know most of the time my Osmo is going to be in my purse and I want to make sure that I'm not scratching my Osmo and I'm protecting it. Now, even though I use the Pocket 3 for vlogging, it doesn't mean that all of my footage is filmed with this Pocket 3. If anything, there is a lot of footage that I take with my iPhone. This is the iPhone 14 Pro Max. I don't really like it because it's so heavy and I cannot wait to upgrade, but other than that, I use the back camera quite a bit for my vlogs. I film specifically in 4K 60 frames per second and you can adjust that within your settings. Now, some of you always ask me, if I already have a good iPhone, why use the Pocket 3? Well, I like to keep things separate and sometimes with vlogging it takes up a lot of footage and I prefer to have all of that footage in a separate SD card rather than taking up space on my iPhone. Finally, a really fun accessory I have for vlogging are my Meta Ray-B bands. I have the transitional lens, so it's going to be clear indoors, but when I go outdoors, it turns into sunglasses, and I can easily film videos using the sunglasses. So, right now, I'm filming, you can tell, because the lights are blinking, and I'm showing my point of view. Now, this is really helpful for me specifically for Super Boba because I'll be in a lot of supplier meetings and I don't want them to feel awkward with my camera in front of them. So, I'll film that point of view or let's say if I'm packing orders, I'm able to get that point of view as well. [Music] Now, here we are with another camera change. I'm using the Sony ZV10 with my Sigma 16mm lens in front of a window. I'm not using any artificial lighting. It is quite dark in my office. It's almost like 7:30 right now. That's just so you guys get a demo. And as I get closer, you can see that really nice blurry background effect. Now, even though I've been changing the cameras throughout this entire video, the one constant is the microphone. So, I am still using the DJI Mic Mini. But anyways, in this segment, let's talk all things short form content. Now, this is an area where I've had to do a lot more content in, especially since starting my business, Super Boba, which requires a lot more UGC style content and a lot of drink style content. And the one accessory that I love so much is this moth stand right here. Now, basically, it attaches to your phone via MagSafe. And if you actually pull this down, it becomes a little tripod. And what I love about it is the fact that there are so many different angles that you can do. And this has been so helpful when doing beverage content. You can also do cool overhead shots with the MAF as well because the Mag Safe is pretty sturdy. You just want to make sure that you have something heavy that's weighing it down. Now, on the topic of tripods, earlier in this video, I talked about my newer tripod and the attachment that I bought for it in order to put my iPhone. And that one has been phenomenal for me, especially for my niche, which is making drink content, because it gives me really nice overhead shots. With this attachment, you can also do like a 360 spin on your iPhone, so you can get whatever angle you want. And it can also fit any iPhone of any size as well because it is adjustable. Now, one thing to know about the newer tripod is it is very heavy duty and can be kind of overkill if you don't also do YouTube videos. So, the other tripod that I have is the UB size one. I have three of these around my house. And it's not because there's anything special about this tripod. It's only the fact that it's been reliable for me. It's never broken. And I like it because I can also remove this attachment and put almost any camera on top as long as it's not too heavy. For instance, I put my DJI Osmo Pocket on it and also my Sony ZV10. Now, I also have the Yukos tripod that a lot of UGC creators rave about. That one is good, too. It's just a lot more lightweight and I think it has more variety when it comes to the different angles that you have. That tripod I leave in my car. And if there's anything you should know about being a full-time creator is you can never have too many tripods and too many SD cards. And finally, when it comes to filming the actual content, the cameras that I use are primarily my iPhone 14 Pro Max, either the back camera or the front camera. For more of my higher production videos, I will use my Sony ZV10. Now, when it comes to the iPhone though, I do film in my back camera at 4K 60 frames per second and also the front camera, too. But if I need that extra boost for lighting, I do have this newer light that I recently purchased that I've been really enjoying. So, how it works is I'm going to attach it to my phone. And because there's a hole right here, it's not going to block my selfie camera. And as a demo, you can see the lighting is not that bad. But then when I turn on the newer light, it kind of makes it a little bit better. Now, again, this does depend on where you're filming, the angle, and everything. And you can also change the angle here. I find this to be really helpful if you are a beauty creator or you live somewhere that's really gloomy most of the time. I do feel like it makes a really big difference. So, for instance, this is the light on and then this is the light off. Light on, light off. You be the judge if you think this is worth it. Now, with this light, you can also attach it to the back camera as well. And so, let me show you what that looks like. So, right now, I'm filming in 0.5 with regular lighting in front of my window without the newer light. So, let's turn on the newer light and see what you think. Now, there are buttons on top right here. So, I can increase the brightness or I can decrease it. And I can also adjust the angle as well. Now, obviously, I can't see myself right now, so I don't know if it looks good or not, but you be the judge if you think that this light is worth it. Now, it is a brand new day today. It is almost 12:30 p.m. with tons of natural light. I'm using the Sony ZV10 with my kit lens. But in this segment, I do want to talk about what I've been using to take my Instagram photos. So many of you guys ask me how I edit my photos, and the truth is I didn't edit a single one of them. It actually came straight from my Fuji camera. Now, this is the Fuji X1006, but you do not need the X1006 to get this look. You just need a Fuji camera. I learned that what makes Fuji cameras really special are their built-in film simulations, which basically act as a filter for your photos. But on top of that, you can also program specific recipes. What recipes are are the exact settings that you need to get a certain look. and on social media, whether you're on Tik Tok or Instagram or in the Fuji community, there's tons of people that are sharing their recipes. It's basically an instruction manual with the exact settings you need to program into your Fuji camera to get a certain look and feel. So, as an example, all these photos right here, I use the summer chrome recipe. I actually found this recipe over on Tik Tok and what I did was I took the exact instructions and then I plugged it into my Fuji camera. So with summer chrome, the recipe says that the film simulation is classic chrome. This is basically the foundation for the recipe. Next, it says that the dynamic range needs to be at 400%. The grain effect needs to be large and the chrome effect should be strong. It's got other instructions like how the highlight and the shadow should be, how the color should be, and the sharpness should be. But I hope you get the point. Basically, you can save all the recipes you like in your Fuji camera and then toggle between the recipes as you take your photos. There's no need for editing afterwards because it's already programmed into your camera and all your photos will turn out super viby. Not to mention, it's really easy to upload your photos on Instagram or on social media because of the Bluetooth. So, I can easily just use the Fuji app, download my photos really quickly, and then pretty much post right away. Now, some of you may be wondering, why did I choose the X1006? And to be honest, I fell into the hype. This camera is so in demand right now. It's really hard to get. I actually had to go buy it through Facebook Marketplace and I paid above retail. And I kind of wish I took my time with picking my camera because I actually didn't know much about Fuji cameras. And it wasn't until I got this camera and went down the rabbit hole, I learned that there were other Fuji cameras available that I feel would actually be more suited to me. Two reasons why I don't love this camera as much as I thought I would. It's because number one, the flip screen. It doesn't go to the side. It doesn't go selfie mode unlike the XM5 or the XS20 which does that. And then also this lens is not interchangeable. So I'm basically stuck with this 35 mm lens which I really love. But with the other cameras such as the XM5 or the XS20, you can actually change out the lens and really play up the different type of look that you want. At the same time though, I do not regret getting this camera at all. It has made documenting my life so much more fun. I look forward to going out so I can take photos not just of me and Leon, but just of memories and Nugget and my life. And like I love posting my photo dumps. It's really elevated taking photos. And I remember back then in high school, I would take photos all the time. I would always bring my digital camera out. And so this just feels like an elevated version of that. It just feels so nostalgic. And it's made me slow down a lot more. And the reason why this has made me slow down a little bit more is because the autofocus on the Fuji cameras are not as good as Sony. And so that's why I personally would never really use this camera for video because the autofocus isn't the best. This definitely is not a party camera where you're like trying to capture the moment really quick. This camera has taught me to really slow down and enjoy the moment and take the photo. It's more of an artsier camera. So, definitely keep that in mind, at least with the X100 6. And if you want to go down the Fuji rabbit hole, I highly recommend you do so because they have so many other options to choose from. And even though I thought that Fuji cameras were reserved for pro photographers, I've actually learned to appreciate photography so much more even though I have zero skill sets in photography. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed learning about all the equipment that I've been using and that I've been loving this year. If you need any links, they're going to be in the description box below. And if you have any questions, let me know as well. Now, if you want to learn more about how I film my content, then make sure you watch this video next. As always guys, I appreciate you and I will see you in this

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanessaLau [10 likes]: Check out the Obsbot webcams here: https://bit.ly/42DFQBe (Code: VANESSA for 5% OFF - expires 31/5/2025) or on Amazon https://bit.ly/3S2FSh4 (Code: OBSBOT2025 - expires 31/5/2025. Also, let me know in the comments below if you have any questions or thoughts about my 2025 equipment!
  2. @BnWCalisthenics_oddlyfamilar07 [1 likes]: Congrats on 1M subscribers i'm part of the 1M subs
  3. @RenatoVargas: I really appreciate how you are able to embrace the work companies put into their "auto" features with beautiful results. I learned manual settings a long time ago and felt like I had to get all those settings right manually because that's "what a pro should be able to do," and here I see you outsource the complexity of settings to the devices, which have amazing auto settings these days, and you are able to focus on your content, which is so great. Thank you for this video.
  4. @ukguy20: In the footage at 7.41 to 7.46 the camera followed you across the room, which camera was that. Was it the pocket camera?
  5. @forbabygrl1: Vanessa I'm kinda upset with you. I've followed you with these earlier recommendations. I've made a list n checked then off as i bought. I'm about to buy the zve10 and realized you have another video kinda bashing it 🥺. Also, it seems there's a mark 1 and 2 and better of your videos specified 😢. I'm so confused! Plz help me.
  6. @Cozyco.studios: Really enjoyed this video about all the tips on cameras. Tips and tricks on camera angles etc. Made me want to order everything! lols.. Have a great day Vanessa <3  also, Thank you for linking everything and not leaving out anything. Super helpful <3 :]
  7. @thewerkingwriter: This was such a helpful video. Thank you so much!
  8. @TheHormoneShift-JA: Do you use anything for teleprompting?
  9. @KikiAndersen: What size softbox do you recommend
  10. @tta1390: Thanks for this video. Do you know how to get rid of the brown hue/film on the Sony zv10
  11. @Naruto_Sakuke_Sakura: You are sooooo pretty!!!!
  12. @paulshealthfitness7922: everything is an eyesore apparently
  13. @ernestocastellano3903: Hey do you only use ur neewer selfie light for short form content? Or any other light you reccomend for that? Or  you don’t use any extra lights on ur vlogging set up? It looks amazing
  14. @dansawaki1: You could add Portuguese translation. It is missing!!! :face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying:
  15. @redheadhairstylist6543: What mic do you use with your Sony zV-E10?
  16. @forbabygrl1: Is your soft box of the 20 or 32 in? The link took me to the 20-in but it looks so big next to you.
  17. @dev.robert: Girl, you've blew my mind with the Steady Shot thing. I also had that and thought I was going to need another lens. But it did the trick marvelously. It was cropping my friend a lot
  18. @phillipaphunter: Hi Vanessa.  I just found your content and want to say thank you.  I am just starting and you have become my mentor.  Anytime I am trying to figure something out, I start with seeing what you do.  Thank you.  God bless.
  19. @LaureLagauche: I bought the neewer tripod without the ball head. Can u buy a different head for my sony zve10 or only this one ? Thanks
  20. @Karissa-p9y: Great information and content! So helpful. Thank you!

- How to Film like a PRO with Android Smartphones [Updated Guide!]: Kind: captions Language: en - This is the complete updated guide to shooting videos with your Android smartphone. We're gonna cover everything step by step so that you'll learn how to film with Android, with all the latest settings tools and Android video tips to help you get awesome results. Hey, it's Justin Brown here from Primal Video, where we help you grow an audience and scale your revenue with online video. If you're seeing value in this video, make sure you're giving it a thumbs up, it really makes a huge difference. And all the links to everything that I mentioned in this video, you can find linked in the description box below. Let's jump into it. Now we've created video guides like this before and the comments are always awesome, but it's been a few years now and there's been some big updates on Android and with the phone cameras themselves. So in this updated version, we're gonna cover off on all the latest tips, the coolest smartphone gear that we recommend right now, and all the key settings and steps that you need right now to get the most out of your Android device. And just to be clear, you don't need any additional gear to get great results with the process that I'm gonna show you, but I will mention some of the low-cost tools that I'm using along the way just in case you're looking to take things further. And just the same as last time, there is no need to take notes as we go through, we've put together a quick start reference guide for you to download and use next time you're filming so that you don't miss any of these steps. So we'll have a link to where you can grab your copy at the end of this video. Okay, so step number one is to prepare your content for filming. And I know it sounds obvious when you hear it, but it is so much easier to create an amazing looking video much faster and easier if you have prepared your content ahead of time instead of trying to figure it all out once you're sitting in front of your camera. So what I'm talking about here is doing a little bit of planning upfront and working out what it is that you wanna cover off in your videos. Now, for some people that could mean writing a full-on word for word script, for others it will mean just listing out a few dot points or guidelines for what you're gonna cover in your video, but doing this upfront is gonna make your filming much faster and much easier and it's gonna allow you to create a much better video at the end of the day. Step number two is select a suitable location for filming. So here you wanna try and find a place where there is minimal background noise or distractions for your viewers. So if your filming spot has a ton of noise from kids playing outside, or someone with a leaf blower or a lawn mower going or planes flying overhead then it can be really distracting for you creating the content that can also be really distracting for your viewers watching your content afterwards. So you wanna try and find a place where there is as minimal background noise as possible. You'll also wanna make sure that the background you have selected does match the theme, the style, the overall feeling, vibe of the video that you're going to create. So it doesn't make sense to go and film a cooking video in a gym, the background, the location just doesn't match. So you wanna make sure that the content you're creating is a match with the location that you're going to be filming in. And I'll also say the most ideal location will be somewhere where you can just set everything up and not have to pack it all up afterwards. So if you are filming in the living room of your house and you have to set up and pack up everything every time your family comes home or friends come over, then that can be a big distraction, a big procrastination point. So ideally your ideal location would be somewhere that you can set everything up, walk in, turn everything on, and you're good to go. The next step is to decide whether you're gonna use the front facing camera, the selfie camera, or the primary camera, the main one on the back of your device. Now there's pros and cons of each. If you want the highest quality video footage out of your Android device, then that's gonna be using the camera on the back. But that's also gonna be much harder for you to shoot, especially if you're gonna be filming by yourself because you won't be able to quickly glance across at the screen because it's facing back the other way. Now I'll put a link up in the cards to a video we did showing you a few different methods where you can shoot your videos solo using that back primary camera and still being able to monitor everything. So I put a link up in the cards and below in the description for that one. The other option that you've got is to use the front facing, the selfie camera on your device. Now this is typically a lower quality camera, but in most cases, a lot of the front facing cameras on the devices these days are definitely more than high enough quality for you to create amazing videos. So the one I'm using right now is the front facing camera on a Google Pixel 5, and it looks pretty good. I like the convenience of being able to quickly glance back at the screen to make sure that, "Yes, I am recording." Now if you are gonna be using the front facing camera, you wanna make sure that you're making eye contact with the camera lens, not the screen itself. This is one of the biggest things we see all the time. There's a disconnect, you're looking at yourself but you need to be looking at the camera lens so you're making eye contact with your viewers watching, so make sure you're and not at yourself. The next step is to clean your camera lens. I know it sounds very but most people don't do it. These are our phones that are up against our faces, they could be our fingerprints, dirt, grime, makeup even on your camera lens and this will lower the quality of your videos, it will create a smudgy, smeary looking image, looks pretty bad. So all you to do is to clean that camera lens before you create any videos or even any photos for that matter, build that habit of just wiping it on your shirt if that's all you've got. Ideally you're gonna be using some sort of microfiber cloth or lens cleaning cloth, glasses cleaning cloth will also work, but you wanna make sure that your camera lens is clean before you take any photos or videos. The next step is to stabilize and position your camera for filming. So unless you're after that blare witch style shaky video footage look, you're gonna wanna try and get your phone out of your hands wherever possible. Holding your phone outright is the shakiest position, the worst position for you to be creating your videos in, even using a selfie stick is gonna be better than hand holding your phone, it will help take some of that shake out if you're gonna be walking around, but also if you're gonna be walking around, that's where you could look at some sort of gimbal stabilizer like an Osmo Mobile to really help you take that shake out. But if you're not gonna be moving around and you're gonna have a static shot, a locked off shot like this, then all you need to do is position your smartphone with whatever you've got so that it is just below eye level, I do mean ever so slightly just below eye level, whether you're gonna be sitting or standing. Now, ideally here, if you have a tripod, that's gonna make it much easier for you. A great little portable tripod that I like and that I'm using right now on this setup is the Arkon tripod, it even comes with a little smartphone holder so that you can hold your phone in both portrait and in landscape mode. And these is currently selling for around the $20 price point, so ridiculously cheap. And you can also see in this shot that I'm literally just using a box to get that tripod and specifically the camera up to the right height, so it is just below eye level. So for you, if you've got a tripod, you wanna set that up now to the right height. If you don't, use whatever you've got to get that phone out of your hands, to get it stable and to get it to that right height. It could be that you're just placing your phone up on a shelf or on a bookcase or a TV cabinet, whatever you've got to get it out of your hands and to get it at the right height. The next step then is to set up your lighting. Now the most important piece when you're lighting your shot is to light the subject of your video, whoever is in it or the whatever you want your viewers to focus on, that is the most important piece. So you wanna light that first and then if you've got any additional lights, then use those to light the scene or the background to make that look good too, but the priority is always whatever the focus of the video is going to be. Now, if you don't have access to any lights then you can just sit in front of a window and get that nice natural light coming in through the window, but really any light that you've got access to can help improve your shot, it could be a desktop lamp, it could be a bedside table lamp, whatever it is that you've got access to, pull it in to again help light up the subject of your video. Now a great portable light that I use and that I recommend is the Yongnuo YN300 Air; crazy name, amazing light. It is ridiculously cheap and it throws a really nice soft light. So in terms of this shot here, I've got a lot of light coming in front of a big window that's right in front of me, but I've also got a lot of light coming in off the side as well. So to even up some of that light, I have got one of those Yongnuo lights behind the camera here which is lighting up and filling in some of those darker shadows on this side. So it's not a totally remove them, but just to lighten them up a little bit so the shadows aren't so harsh. And this is what it looks like with that light off, so it's not a massive difference but it definitely adds to the overall shot having it on. So now that you've got your lighting sorted, the next step is to connect your microphone, now audio, I would say is probably more important than the video, the picture itself. If you've got amazing audio, it can be much easier for your viewers to stick around and watch your video longer than if it was scratchy, if it was distorted, muffled, or really hard to hear you. Also if you've captured good audio and something happened to the video piece and it wasn't usable, you could still create a piece of content using B-roll stock footage, photos, text, graphics, whatever it is, you're still able to create a piece of content because you've got decent audio. If it's the other way around and you've got an amazing looking shot and you're talking in it but there's no audio or the audio is not great then you're not gonna be able to create an effective piece of content. So audio really important. What I would suggest wherever possible is that you are using an additional microphone and not just relying on the built-in one inside of our Android devices. If that's all that you've got, just the built-in one, still use it, still create videos, but at some point when you can upgrade, it is a solid investment and will be my number one pick for anyone. If you're gonna buy something to level up your videos, it's gonna be a microphone. Now the microphone I'm currently using for this video is just a $20 wired lapel microphone called the Boya BY-M1, and actually a lot of the early videos on our YouTube channel we just filmed with this exact microphone. So for just $20, this microphone sounds amazing and will work on both smartphones and on DSLRs. Now if your phone doesn't have a headphone jack plug on it then you will need to use an adapter from USB-C to that headphone jack plug so that you can plug in and connect this microphone. Or as another option, if you are gonna be moving around a lot with the videos you're creating, then another great microphone is the Rode Videomicro, a little mini shotgun microphone that again you will need an adapter to use with your smartphone but it's gonna give you amazing audio without the need to be tied or tethered or physically connected to your phone like I am here. Next up, we're gonna prepare our phone for filming. So we're gonna make sure that we have enough storage space available on our device to hold the recording of our new videos that we're making. So if your phone is full of photos and videos and stuff, I would say back those up, remove them from your phone so that you have room for the new videos you're going to make. You'll also wanna check to make sure that you have enough battery life, you don't want your phone going flat in the middle of filming. that your camera recording quality settings are correct as well, and ideally set as high as they can be for your particular device. So you wanna open up the Camera app on your device, then go to the "Camera Settings", and in there you'll be able to see your video recording resolution. So if you've got the ability to do 4K, I would recommend it. If you've got the ability to do 1080, then 1080 is gonna be fine. And if you've got an older device in the highest quality setting that you've got access to is 720P, I wouldn't say that that's a deal breaker, it's not ideal, but 720P will still be enough to get you good results. Now there's one more setting that I wanna mention, which is mainly found on the newer devices, and that is that they have a setting for HEVC recording, for high efficiency video codec recording. Now if you have this on, it is gonna let you create a smaller video files, but there is still a lot of video editing apps and programs that won't be able to read those files. So if you wanna create a video file that will work in pretty much any app or any video editing application then I would recommend that you are disabling or turning off HEVC recording. For me, I normally turn it off just so I've got the ability to use any app or any program without any issue. Next up, I would strongly recommend that you are enabling flight mode or "Do not disturb" mode or blocking mode on your device so that you're not being interrupted while you're recording your videos. So it could be that you have a phone call coming through, a video call, lots of emails, I mean, these are our main communication devices. So using it as a video camera, it's likely that you're gonna have distractions and things come through. So turning on flight mode or turning on do not disturb mode can save your sanity and your video files as well. Next up, you wanna lock down your camera settings so that nothing is going to change while you're actually recording your videos. So by default, our phones are set to auto, which means that they're gonna automatically make adjustments as things change in your shot. So it could be that someone walks through your shot, your phone might brighten the shot up just to expose for that person walking through or something happening in the background might change the overall brightness, might change the overall focus of your shot as well. So we wanna lock these down so that you are in control. You're setting things the way that you want instead of your phone having that automatic adjustment capability. Now for most devices out there really can be as simple as tapping and holding on your screen and there'll be a yellow box that appears, and that yellow box will then pop up and say that auto exposure and auto focus is locked at that point. So if you wanna make minor adjustments to brighten or darken your shot then you can do that there on the screen, and when you let go, when you remove your hand, then it's gonna lock it and hold it at that point, so it's not gonna change. So your focus will be locked and your brightness or your exposure will be locked at that point. Now if you're gonna be filming by yourself and you're going to be filming using the back primary camera on your device, then you could bring something else into shot to focus and set the brightness on. So it could be a light, it could be a pillow, whatever you've got, something to set that focus point and to set the brightness as well. Then obviously move it back out of shot to get ready for you to produce that content. Now there's some devices out there that have a pro mode or professional mode that will give you much more granular control over your shot to be able to really lock everything down, to be able to adjust things like your shutter speed, your ISO, your white balance, and even your microphone volume level as well. If your phone doesn't have that capability built in, then there are amazing third-party camera apps like Filmic Oro, which is our top pick, which gives you access to all of those DSLR like settings or professional camera like settings from your Android device. And they'll even let you record at higher qualities as well. So if you want the most amount of control, and if you want the best footage out of your Android device, then I would strongly recommend using an app like Filmic Pro, or another great alternative that's close to Filmic Oro, but free, is Open Camera. So one of those two is gonna give you a lot more options for your video recording. All right, we're nearly there, you're nearly at the point where you're gonna create your video but there is one really important step that a lot of people miss and it creates a lot of headaches and stress for people when they miss this step, and that is to record a test video. So now that you've got everything set up, you wanna get into position, you wanna do a test run as if it's the real thing, you gonna press record, you wanna create a short little video, 10, 15, 20 seconds, test your audio, make sure that your shot looks the way that you want it to look, that the lighting is how you want it, that your focus is set correctly, and obviously that there is sound and good quality sound coming through your microphone as well. As simple as this step sounds, a lot of people miss this and they'll end up recording a whole video without their microphone plugged in, or it could be out of shot or the brightness could be totally wrong and they've just wasted an absolute ton of time. So save yourself some time and some sanity and do a quick test video before you create your real actual content. Now it is important here that obviously you're playing this back to check that everything is the way that you want it, but this will mean, depending on your device and the microphone that you're using, you might need to unplug the microphone to be able to hear and make sure that everything is how you want it. So the most important thing then is after you've done that test, that you plug everything back in, otherwise that test was pointless and you could end up creating a video without your microphone plugged in. And I'm sharing that because it's happened to me more than once. So that brings us to the last step which is to hit that big record button and record your video. Now while you are recording, again remember to keep your eye contact on the camera lens. Don't look at your cell phone camera if you're using that front selfie camera, eyes on your viewers, the camera lens, and also make sure that you're monitoring what's going on around you, just in case there is something distracting happening in the background or even monitoring the noise in the area that you're filming as well. So if a plane is coming over, a big truck pulls up outside, you could just pause and wait for that to move on or potentially relocate if you have to just so you can keep creating an amazing video. Now earlier in this video, I said I would share with you the downloadable checklist that you can download print out and use when you're creating your videos from here on in so that you're not missing any of these steps. There is a link to download your free copy linked onscreen now, there's also a link in the description, so grab your copy and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dakotech [15 likes]: Thanks a lot ❤
This has really helped me improve a lot. Watching 2026. Who is watching 2026 with me?
  2. @PrimalVideo [1 likes]: Grab our free Smartphone Filming checklist you can print out and follow along so you're not missing anything: 
 👉 https://go.primalvideo.com/6u8QFSt?utm_content=2pjYP9xpApc
  3. @janearothfeld [1 likes]: Can't tell you how helpful this video is.  I am a beginner and I find myself so confused by most YT videos that are supposed to be for beginners.  I then feel frustrated and want to give up.  Your video explains the subject simply and clearly.  It gives me hope I can actually making a decent YT video with the equipment I already have (big one).  Invaluable.  Thank you!
  4. @JamieNotLamie: I think I can record a video just fine, I just overthink EVERYthing. My biggest thing ultimately is I really don't want to deal with the trolls of the Internet, so I feel like I have to make my content as agreeable as possible but I know hate comes with the territory literally no matter what content you make. But I am definitely my own biggest obstacle... 

Is anyone else like this? Am I the only one?
  5. @MJBarrett-p8m3b: When is your next Coldplay album coming out?
  6. @beautifulyoubynadia: I would like to make shorts and then eventually a 'long video' but only using photos or videos from my camera roll. I do not like my own voice in a recording so I will have to edit and add text. Some beauty treatments just need to be viewed, so I am hoping this will work. Fingers crossed.
  7. @dechyphercomik4647: The link doesn't work
  8. @danworley3806: Where do I get my film processed
  9. @CassieHoff-f2m5f: Who has Samsung galaxy
👇
  10. @waceke_d: 👌
  11. @IsaiasMack-y3u: Easily one of the best videos today.
  12. @christabelobarisiagbon8166: Thanks a million this was totally so helpful
  13. @We_go_crazy: Never. Thought I would start with a iPhone 8 plus. With 12Mp. And end up with a Honor x7c 108mp
  14. @tundetudor1: That was then. 
Nowadays, if you look at the camera lens, it'd seem as if you are looking away. If you look at yourself while recording, it will seem like you are looking at the lens 😂
When you recorded this video, it's the exact opposite of what's obtainable nowadays
  15. @roycefrazier-n4t: You are the Best!! Finally, someone that explains Androids and more!! Thank you for the great content.
  16. @TheSunship777: I am looking for a stop go sequence in filming and viewing it as a seamless non cut motion. When i press the stop button  its over and need to find a pause
  17. @Onehandedartist: Please could anyone give any advice for other microphones that work with Android phones? I'm not a fan of the Boya Boya.
  18. @randallanderson4999: I didn't see where you discuss How To Save the Video
  19. @relaxionmusic3779: 2025 team.android❤
  20. @ekedegbabenedict8725: Thanks alot for the video man!

- Filming With iPhone Like A Pro (Complete iPhone Video Guide!): Kind: captions Language: en this is our complete guide to filming with iPhone for beginners we'll cover everything from iPhone video settings to iPhone filming tools so that you can create amazing looking videos with your iPhone fast now I want to start off by saying if all you've got is your iPhone no extra accessories or anything you still have enough right now to create amazing looking videos this entire video is shot using the front-facing camera of an iPhone with very minimal setup but obviously adding some extra gear and apps we can also take things to the next level as well now don't worry about taking notes as we go through I do have a free downloadable PDF resource a checklist with this taking you through the key steps that you can print it out you can follow along when you're creating your videos and it's linked on screen and it's also in the description box below the first thing though we'll want to do is we want to lock down our shooting location so ideally we're going to pick something with minimal background noise something with minimal distractions something ideally where we're not going to be interrupted while we're creating our content but also an area that's not too dark our phones these days don't do a bad job in low light but they're not as good as more professional cameras from there we want to get everything set up and ready to go one of the things I recommend you do very early on is clean your camera lens I mean these are our phones they're up against our faces it could be dirt makeup whatever on there you want to make sure that lens is clean before we create any videos you then want to check your battery level let's make sure that you've actually got enough battery to record and the same with your phone storage as well if if you've got a bunch of photos and videos and things on there and not much storage left we don't want to hit that situation where our recording stops because our phone is full so it's a good idea to check all of this stuff up front make sure that we do have enough storage enough battery but also we want to be putting our phone into airplane mode or flight mode so that we're not getting any calls and distractions and things happening while we're recording next up you want to decide which camera you're going to be using on your phone is it the one on the front or is it one of the higher quality cameras on the back obviously there's pros and cons of each if you want the highest quality recording then you really want to be using the ones on the back so if you're going to be creating a video like I am now the front facing camera is going to be really easy for you to Monitor and check everything because you can see the screen you can see what's happening if you're going to be using the cameras on the back it is going to be a little bit harder if you don't have someone there to help you to make sure that everything is framed correctly to make sure that you actually are recording now I've got some other videos and resources and things to help you with this down in the description box below but it could be as simple as mirror your phone screen to a TV or to a computer nearby or even monitoring everything from an Apple Watch but a quick really important tip if you are going to be using the front-facing camera you want to make sure that you're making eye contact with the camera lens not with the phone screen it's so tempting to just look at yourself instead of the phone lens but you'll create a much better much more engaging video if you're speaking directly to your viewers and not looking at yourself next you want to get your camera set up to the right height now this is obviously where a tripod is going to be be helpful but if you don't have a tripod then use what you have you could set your phone up on a bookcase you could rest it up against something as long as you're getting it to the right height which is just below eye level so you can see I'm just using a really basic tripod setup here now and again we'll have some links in the description box below to help you once your phone is at the correct height this is where we can start to frame up our shot to make sure that everything is looking the way that we like as to what's going on in the background where you're sitting where you're standing making sure that we've got a little bit of space above our heads and that we're not chopping out ourselves off or anything like that but this is also where we start to look at things like lighting to make sure that our shot is looking the way that we'd like so the most important piece with lighting is that you or the subject of the video are lit well so that your viewers can see you and one of the easiest things you can do for this is sit in front of a window and get that nice natural light coming through obviously it's not going to work if it's not daytime or if you're in a location without windows but this is again where you want to use what you already have is there a bedside table light a desk lamp any sort of light that you could bring in to light you up and then if you got extra lights you can use those to light up your background too next up if you've got a microphone this is where you will connect it if you don't have a microphone again we want to be finding a location with minimal background noise so that you're coming through nice and clear into that recording so for this setup here I'm Ching a simple wired microphone I've got it taped up here under my shirt again links in the description but also again very simple setup from here you want to go ahead open up the camera app on your phone make sure that we have video selected so we can just swipe across the side or the bottom and make sure we're on video now on some of the more recent phones you'll also have a cinematic mode on here as well where it will blur out the background that's actually what I'm using for this video here and I've got the background blur turned down but you can see that the background is a little bit blured out and it's doing a great job so if your phone supports it and you want that blurry background look then use cinematic mode if not just use the regular video mode next up we'll want to check out recording quality settings so this is whether we're going to be recording in 4k or 1080p or if you're on an older phone that could be 720p now wherever possible I would suggest that you are recording your videos at 1080p at the lowest quality but again if you're someone who wants the highest quality then 4K is an option for most phones out there now if you do want to dive deeper into iPhone camera settings and really configure things up we do have a dedicated video on that again Linked In the description but for most people this is going to be enough now from here depending on the type of video you're going to be recording it could be a good idea to lock down your brightness and your focus at this point so that you don't have them automatically adjusting and changing while you're recording now obviously you wouldn't want this if you're going to be moving around and light changing and all of that stuff you do want that automatic adjustment happening for you but if you're in a scenario like I am where nothing really is going to change then we can lock that down and all we need to do is to tap and press and hold on our phone screen for the area that we want to lock down down the focus and the brightness for and it's going to lock that for us now if we do want to make a brightness adjustment up or down from that point then we can just tap and hold on the screen and swipe up or down to brighten or darken our shot okay we're nearly done but this is a step that's so many people miss you want to press record and you want to do a quick test recording you want to present the camera like you actually are doing it live for a short period of time stop the recording play it back make sure everything looks the way that you want it sounds the way that you want it make sure you're good to go just in case there's any issues the the last step obvious one we want to hit record and we want to record our content now this one's your call whether you're choosing to break your content down into chunks whether you're starting and stopping recording for me I normally just hit record and just let that video record for the length of how long it takes me including all of my mistakes and retakes and all of that stuff it's much easier for me to have one large video file that I can then chop down instead of having a bunch of smaller ones so that is step by step the process to create amazing looking videos on your iPhone don't forget to download our free pdf guide and checklist to take you through this when you're creating your videos there's a link for that on screen and below in the description and again got a bunch of other resources in the description to help you even further I'll see you in the next one cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnclay7644 [2 likes]: informative Iphone centeric video
  2. @PrimalVideo [1 likes]: Grab our free Smartphone Filming checklist you can print out and follow along so you're not missing anything: 
 👉 https://go.primalvideo.com/07R95hH?utm_content=sCs59aCCh7E
  3. @KTLeydenCreative: pls do a video on culling, transfer, storage etc! I ahev 600 videos to sort from an event today and icloud sync is taking hours
  4. @RatmanKoi: Thanks Justin, another banging video tutorial. Keep up the good work mate 👍👍👌
  5. @jaycruzsemple: Great advice but send me a link or make a video on how to put your videos on your iPhone to get out to make a movie or a documentary not about front camera and recording yourself it would be good to know how easy it is or what applications settings you can use to put all your videos you have on your iPhone together into as I said a movie or documentary thanks
  6. @starP2k: Which app do you edit with
  7. @evie1bettinger850: Good!❤❤❤🎉
  8. @byjustincustomwoodworks: Do you have any video series you’d recommend for creating videos that would help showcase my woodworking? Both in process and finish projects?
  9. @SpecialAgentWTaylor: with a hole in the screen.
  10. @secondnature1965: Hi Justin…great video!
Wondering when using a phone camera, how do you simultaneously charge your phone AND utilize the port for external audio? Thanks!
  11. @ssds1991: What do you use to clean your phone
  12. @dariabernabei7778: Lovely, thanks a lot for this nice tip
  13. @TayMichele1: Hi there! Great video, I need suggestions on why my video is not full screen on laptops and televisions when I upload to YouTube. It shows full screen on cell phones
  14. @damithelight: simple and straight to the point. love it!
  15. @bbeditor-k3p: I want to shoot on android phone
  16. @MichelleFarrismft: Always helpful!!!
  17. @Abcdefghijk-o3h: What course can I do for media
  18. @avrambuciu3990: Thank you
  19. @PatrickMastersMusic: iPhone guide link in email is 404 broken
  20. @BuildyBunch: Great tips. I've been using a Samsung Galaxy S20 and S22. Working with what we got.

- The BEST Camera App for iPhone & Android? (Blackmagic Camera App Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en So, we've all heard by now that our phones are good enough to create videos, but you've also seen those videos where people have shot on their phone where the focus is changing, the light is changing because they haven't got their settings right. But also, a lot of that comes down to the limitations that are in the stock camera apps on iPhone and on Android. So, that's where the totally free Blackmagic camera app comes in to fix all of these issues for you and to really allow you to get the most professional looking videos out of your smartphone. So, in this video, I'm going to take you through how to use the Blackmagic camera app, how to get it set up for best results. I'm also going to share my absolute favorite feature that's built into it if you're someone like me that shoots content on your own. And trust me, this is an absolute gamecher. And once you make it to the end of this video, if you are someone that wants to geek out even further and really dive into some of the more advanced features and controls that are in here, we do have a more advanced training as well, and that's linked in the description box below. Now, I'm going to be taking you through on an iPhone, but the process is pretty much exactly the same on Android as well. So, this is what you see when you first open up the app. And there's a lot going on. There's a lot of information, a lot of different buttons and things. Don't worry, this will make sense as we go through. But a lot of these across the top here are a quick way for us to access and change these settings as well. So, we could just tap on them and then we can customize things up. But, I love that all your key critical information and settings is easily displayed here. Things like your microphone volumes. if you've got a microphone plugged in. I don't for this tutorial here. We can see our volumes and everything showing up right on our main screen. And we can see things like how much storage we have on our phone when we're recording, too. Over on the side here, we have another panel with lots of other things that we can configure up to really help us dial in our shots. And obviously in the middle here is our big record button. But over on the far right, this app is really broken down into a couple of different modes. We've got our camera mode here, which we're in. We have the media mode, which is where we can play back and preview our clips. There's a chat functionality in here as well if you're signed into the Blackmagic cloud. And this is probably more for professional shoots where you got a bunch of people in there or editors that are working remotely. We can have a chat feedback or interaction happening there. And then down here under settings, it's pretty obvious. This is where we can customize everything up. And this is actually the area that I would suggest that you start to make sure that everything is set up correctly for you before we jump in to start to frame up our shot and get everything looking right. Now, again, there's a lot in here. I'm not running through every setting. I'm going to run through the critical ones so that you know where to look. But I would suggest that when you have some time, just click through or tap through so that you can see all the cool stuff that you can actually do in here. And over time, as you use this more, you'll be able to customize it up so you're getting an even better experience. Let's come straight up the top to record. This is where we get to change things like our codec. So, our recording format. You can see we've got everything here from H.264 to H.265, which is now the default in here on all new iPhones. But you can see to unlock the highest quality recordings, we've got access to Apple ProRes, even Apple ProRes RAW and RAW HQ. But for that, we will need to have an external storage device connected to our phone because those files are going to be huge. So, if you're not needing that, then just leave this here as default in HEVC. Next up, we can choose our video resolution. So, what quality do we want to record at? I would suggest leaving this here at 4K, but we do also have the option to shoot open gate, which is instead of shooting a widescreen video, it's shooting square effectively, which means that we can easily create a portrait and a landscape video from that one recording and do it much easier. So, I'll leave this here at 4K. Down from there, we can dial in our color space as well. You can see the default is Rex 709. Again, if you don't know what this is, you're probably going to want to leave this here. But we have the option in here now to shoot with Apple log as well. So, if you are someone who's going to be using a more professional tool to edit and color grade and apply a specific look or feel to your videos, then we'd be shooting in log and we can apply our LUTs and things to that, different looks. I'm going to leave this as Rex 709, but even just having a quick scroll down here, you can see we've got things like time-lapse recording as well. So, I love that that is built in here. Now, let's come over to camera because there's a critical setting in here right at the top. Enable vertical video. If you want to shoot portrait or vertical videos, you do need to enable that here so that when you rotate your phone, it's going to rotate everything and allow you to shoot portrait. So, that's a key one. And again, a lot of these other settings here, the default's probably going to be fine. I like that they've got things like lens correction already enabled. I personally like to leave the lock white balance on record on. So, this is when we're recording. It's not going to change your colors as you maybe move around or as things change into your scene. But, if you need it on a full auto mode for this, then we can obviously turn that off, too. But again, scrolling down, you can see lots of different options in here. If you're going to be shooting with the front-facing camera and you're going to have text or you're going to hold something up with writing on it, then it might be a good idea to mirror the front camera so that the writing isn't backwards. Over under audio, this is where we can customize up our microphones and control all of that stuff. Right now, I don't have one connected, so it's just set to the iPhone microphone, but if you do have something like a DJI mic connected, then we can control that and select that from in here. So, the next one down, monitor. This is where we can again customize up that main interface. So, we can do things in here like turn on or off the display of our audio meters back on the front screen where we can see our volume. I personally like to leave that on. Likewise with the display, how much phone storage we have left. That's on by default, but you can customize this up for you. One I do like to put on though is right down the bottom here, display the battery indicator. So then we know how much phone battery we have. Obvious one. Next, if we come over here to media, this is all the settings around the files that we're going to be saving. So, I personally don't record proxy files or lower quality versions of the files for the projects I work on. I'd imagine most beginners are not going to need this setting on. And we also get to choose here where our videos are going to be saved to. So, we can see here save clips to just the app itself. So, the media area of the app, or we can save them in the app and to your photo library, or we can save them to a specific location in the files area of your phone as well. I'm just going to leave this here as in app only. Now, a couple other quick settings I want to point out here. Function buttons. These are three customizable buttons that you can have on the main area of your recording interface to do what you would like. So, if there's a specific setting that you don't have fast access to from the main screen, then we can easily add that. So, we can choose here function one and let's see what we want that to do. Is it going to apply a preset of settings that we've made and saved or is this going to toggle a specific setting or feature? So, while I don't currently have that set up right now, if you're going to be using this a lot and you want fast access to things, then this is an amazing feature. There's also settings in here to customize up external accessories. So, if you're using a Bluetooth remote to toggle recording, we can set that up in here. Remote camera control. This is an amazing feature that I will dive into a little bit later in the video. This is huge. So, let's jump back to the main camera interface here now. And we can start getting this set up for filming. So, we're going to start locking down some of our settings so things aren't changing while we're recording. So, the first thing I would recommend you do here is we want to pick our camera lens. So, we can either select on the little camera lens button here or we can press up here where it says lens 24 mil. So, we can press on this and then we get to choose which camera lens we want to use. This will be different depending on which phone you're on. I'm on a 17 Pro right now, so I've got lots of different options, but we could go the ultra wide. We can start to zoom in on some of these as well. So, we can start by picking the lens that we want by selecting those here from the side. And then we also have zoom control here as well, which we can just tap and swipe, which will kick between some of the different lenses for us. We want to make sure that our frames per second is set right. So, right now I'm shooting 25 frames per second. I'm Australian. That's a common frame rate here, but we could easily switch this to 24 if we were after something cinematic or 30 is normally a default frame rate when recording on phones. But you can see that as we make an adjustment to this frame rate that our shutter speed adjusts as well. So if I drop this now back to 25, you can see this making this adjustment for us. And this is because your shutter speed should really be locked to twice your frame rate for the most natural looking videos. So, we've got our frame rate set there. Now, our shutter speed is set correctly at 1 over 50, but I'd like to lock it at that so it doesn't change. So, I'm going to press on that. And again, we have a slider here where we can manually adjust these things as well, but I'm going to leave it here at 1 over 50. And I'm going to press the little padlock button here to lock that. So, again, if you're shooting at 30 frames per second, this would be 1 over 60. This will stop any flickering and weird stuff happening from any lights in the scene. And we can see that this is locked because there is a little pad lock up here now. So we can see what's locked or what's on automatic modes again at a quick glance. Now from there we can lock down our focus and our exposure really. So at a minimum that's what I would be locking down setting our frame rate and our shutter speed. But if you really don't want things to change while you're shooting we can lock down some more like our focus and our exposure as well. And one of the easiest ways to do this is just to tap and hold on the area that we want to expose for and focus on. And you can see that we've got AE, auto exposure, and AF, autofocus, is locked at on whatever it is that we've tapped on. So I could tap in the background here on this stream deck, you can see it shifts the focus. It'll adjust the lighting if it needs to, and it's now locked at that point. Meaning that if I put my hand in here, nothing is going to change. And if we want to disable that, we can just tap anywhere on the screen, and it's going to come back to auto mode for us. So that's the easiest way. But we can also come across here to our menu here for focusing, which is this second one down. And you can see we've got the option here for autofocus. Or we can manually shift this ourselves and pick what we actually want to focus on. Now, if you're doing this manually, this is where there's some great guides and things that are built in here to help you really lock this stuff down. So, we could come down to this one here, and this is going to show us what's actually in focus. So, we can drag this up, and we can see anywhere here that is outlined in red. it might be hard to see on the recording is in focus. So, if we go back to adjusting our focus now, then we'll see this change as different things are in and out of focus. And you can actually leave these on while you're recording if you'd like, but they're easy to toggle on and off. So, this one here is for your focus peaking. Let's turn that one back off. There's also some in here for exposure as well. So, like your zebra lines, where we can see which areas are close to being too bright or overexposed and which ones aren't. So, I'll toggle that one back off. Now from there we can lock down our brightness. So you come over here to ISO and this is really lower the number, the darker the image. The higher the number, the brighter the image. So we can go as low as 100 in terms of the sensitivity and how much light this is going to pick up. And we can go as high as 3200, but I suggest you keeping this as low as you can. So I'd probably keep it around 200 or 100 if you're filming outdoors in bright areas. So for this one, maybe we'll just go the 200 here. Next, you can lock down your white balance. So, the color temperature. So, we got here white balance. We press on this. There's different presets here. So, you can obviously start with those or we have a slider here as well where we can dial this in ourselves. Or if we just want to go back to auto, we can press auto so that it's going to do an automatic adjustment for us. And then if we like that, then we can just hit the lock and it's not going to change throughout our shot. Now, in this case, I'll probably make it a little bit warmer. Let's go something like that. And let's lock it so that it doesn't change. So, those are probably the most important settings. But we've also got things in here like stabilization. We can turn that on or off. The default is standard stabilization, but we can increase the stability or the amount of stabilization to cinematic or extreme if you're going to be moving around a lot. So, from there, it's just a matter of just checking that everything is the way that you want it. Obviously, looking at the shot is probably the biggest way that you're checking. And then we're just starting and stopping the recording by pressing the button here. Now, we can clearly see that we're recording because a few things have gone red to show us that. And this way, you're not going to make that simple mistake where you think you're recording and you press stop, but it's actually starting to record and you've just missed it. Yep, I've been there. So, we'll stop recording now. But in terms of my favorite feature that is built into this app, it's the remote control, remote monitoring feature. So, let's come down to settings. Let's make sure that this is on. Remote camera control. Let's enable that here. And then it says, do we want to use this iPhone as a controller for another device or is this the camera? So, let's go camera. Let's set this as the camera. We will need to give it a name. I've just got something very basic. A cuz we have to put something in. It's asking for a password. Also, I'd probably suggest that you're putting something a little bit better in. And this camera is available for control and for monitoring, but those are the key ones. Let's come back to camera. Then over on the side, and if you're not seeing this menu on the side, there's three little dots that you can click on to bring this up. But we can see this now been activated. We have this remote icon here. And it's not grayed out. So now what we need to do is jump over to another iPhone, an Android device, or the thing I'm most excited about is that we can actually do this on a Mac now, too. We can install the iPad version of the Blackmagic camera app onto our Mac computers as well. So if I open that up now, you can see here it is. I'm using the webcam. Let's just pop that straight through. And it's exactly the same as what we just ran through. Same interface and everything. So, we could even just use this for recording on the Mac if we'd like. But the power here is in this remote control function. So, if we come across to those three little dots here on the left and let's choose remote, then we can see here we've got our available phone camera here listed as well because they are on the same Wi-Fi. So, I've got here uh a cuz I gave it a great name, an iPhone 17 Pro. We can enable that and then we just deselect it here. And this is now the same thing. So we can remotely control it. I could change the camera if we needed to. I could change the focus. I can adjust all of the same stuff, but I'm doing it remotely. So where I absolutely love this and doing it from the computer instead of another device is I'm recording directly into the computer or with the computer right next to me. So I don't want to have another phone or an iPad or something as another device. But really, this also means that we can use the primary camera on the phone, the backfacing camera, but we can control it. We can see what it looks like. We can start and stop recording. We can lock down all of those settings, which also opens us up to using this with a teleprompter as well, where it's going to be really hard for you to configure everything up, make sure everything's in focus, and to do it all from the other side of the camera. So, we're not just limited to now using this Blackmagic camera app, shooting videos ourselves using the front selfie camera. We can now use the primary camera on the back of our device and monitor and control it all remotely. So, right now, as far as I know, this feature is only a Mac thing cuz we're installing the iPad version on the Mac. There might be a way to get the Android version running on Windows, maybe using Blue Stacks or one of those emulators. I haven't tried that yet. Let me know in the comments if that's something that does work. And for those of you that want to dive in even deeper into some of the more advanced stuff that you can do in here now that you're up to speed at a beginner level, then check out our more advanced training, which we've got linked in the description box below. And we've also got down there for you as well a free PDF guide to help you film better videos on your iPhone or Android device, taking you through step by step a lot of the stuff that we covered in this video, but as a checklist that you can print out, you can follow along so that you're not missing anything and creating better videos easier. I'll see you in the next one. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrimalVideo [9 likes]: Grab our free Smartphone Filming checklist you can print out and follow along so you're not missing anything: 
 👉 https://go.primalvideo.com/mGSAoHL?utm_content=W6TpmIUOy9c
  2. @realtor_paulo [2 likes]: Thanks for this, it was educative
  3. @film100-f3u: why image stabilization not working in blackmagic app but when i record in phone default app it works smoothly on my Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra
  4. @RickFletcher1979: The remote camera function just changed everything for me. I'm just starting out and I'm busy looking at different selfie monitors or mirrors that work with android and you swooped in and saved the day. I have an old phone I can use both saving money and reusing an old phone that just sits around!
  5. @anzhum8793: How to get video stabilizer?
  6. @raj_raj_raj-q3s: Such a great video... appreciate it...🫰🏼🙏🏼
  7. @BlitzBlessed: Thanks man...a lot
  8. @thebig6oh: Great tutorial Justin! A dumb question perhaps from a newbie but wanted to attach a macro and wide angle Stuman lens - is there something I should be doing/adjusting? Using a iphone 12 (yes I know she's an oldie but still a goodie). Thanks
  9. @renalizagomez9455: My iPhone 15 has no stabilization
  10. @pablomarin1746: iPhone 17 pro Can récord opengate h265 in the front camera? For video blog?
  11. @cheriemendez4292: Thank you so much for this video! I just got blackmagic. I am using an iPhone 13 pro max. Quick question - is using the front face option on blackmagic better quality than the front face on the camera alone?
  12. @ernestazelu9296: Am unable to download black magic camera on my iPad 5th generation
  13. @gcprost: I can’t believe how much control I have over my iPhone 17 (standard). Thanks for making this video.
  14. @Walkoflifebykamil: I love the app, i am a beginner and learning how to use the app, this video taught me allot
  15. @MeLlamoGoyo: Great video my friend - I've been meaning to find a tutorial for the BMC app on my iPhone. I especially like the remote control from my Macbook tip! Thank you!
  16. @gunvlog: The remote control feature is very interesting and is not limited to Mac either.
The Blac-Magic Camera App can also be installed on your Apple Watch, in my case Apple Watch SE3 and you can use your Apple Watch as a remote control with a really small preview window. But for outside on your own a really nice feature.
  17. @Supernaturalcloak: Dude... I've been trying to use my phone for 3d printing time lapse. I couldn't for the life of me, keep the camera app open. Got so the phone will never turn off. But that darn camera app would drop after a minute or 2. But "pin app" did the trick! Thank you so much!!!! Awesome sauce!!!! 😊
  18. @drewdegeer4432: great video really helps the single person content creators. i recently had a ELP camera die mid stream due to heat. and this frees me from bad gear. I am going to try my Red Magic pro as the camera first and see what the images look like before committing my iphone to be a slave. The remote camera really takes the camera control to the next level.
  19. @smithschannel89: this was so helpful thank you very much
  20. @wheelersecuritygroup: Thank you this is the only video I can find after watching about seven or eight videos that explains what to do in simple terms because I don’t know how to do things manually and you explained it perfectly. Thank you.

- How to Use ONE Light for YouTube Videos: Kind: captions Language: en - What if I told you you didn't need a key light, a fill light and a backlight? You really only need one light, and that's what I'm using right now. I'm using a $50 light to get this shot. And I'm gonna give you five lighting tips on how you can go from this to this, just using one light, and I'm gonna show you exactly where to place it to get this look. You gotta just press record. Hey guys, my name is Nolan Molt with Think Media, and now let's get right into this video. First of all, the lighting is much different from the opening shot of this video, and this just doesn't look too good. So tip number one is to first evaluate where your light is coming in from. Now, this is before we even set up our light, and the light I'm using today is actually $50, and I am going to leave a link in the description. It's the best light you can get under $50, so check the link down below. But I want you to look where the light is coming from. For example, we have a big window over here letting a lot of light in. On this side, we have some overhead lights and these can often spill on to our face and look pretty bad when it meshes in with our extra light. Now, I do have a lamp on this side and a little accent light over here, and I'm gonna leave those on because it is nice to have some extra lighting in the background to help separate me from the background. But as far as overhead lights go, especially if they are warm like these bulbs up here, you do want to turn those off because we don't want those yellow lights spilling onto our face, especially when we have a daylight temperature light coming onto us as our key light and our only light. I'm also closing the blinds on this window, because if any clouds or anything comes over and I'm using that as a main light, then it's going to change my shot and I'm gonna have to readjust my settings, so that's why it's so nice to buy just one light and use this as your video light, because then everything is consistent through filming, so you don't have to worry about the weather if you are using a window. Now that some of the lights are turned off, it's a bit more controlled, I'm gonna add in my extra light right here. And you're gonna want to stay to the end of this video because we still have a ways to go to get this looking as good as possible. And tip number two is to use soft lighting. So right now I'm using the soft box, it comes with this remote. It's $50. You can actually change it to like a warm setting if you want it to do that, but I just have mine set to cold, which is daylight temperature. And this adds some really good contrast to the shot by having me be lit by daylight temperature, while the background, we have these warm lights. Now, you can definitely use any lights for this setup, but I do recommend to go with a daylight temperature bulb if you're gonna get a bulb softbox or if you're using an LED panel, I recommend getting a little soft box for that LED panel so you get that nice, soft lighting. Now, the reason soft lighting is so important with a one light setup is because if we have harsh lighting, our shadows are gonna be extra harsh on the side, and because we don't have a fill light to kind of bring up those shadows, a soft box is actually gonna help bring up the shadows on this side so it's not as harsh coming in and we actually don't need a fill light when we set up our key light with a soft box properly. So tip number three is to bring in the soft box as close as possible. Now you can see, as I bring this light closer to me, it actually gives us softer lighting. This is because as we bring that light closer, we're kind of giving the illusion of a larger light source. Even though the light is the same size, because it's closer to me, it's bigger, relatively, than if it was really far away. And in result, that's gonna give us the softest lighting for our shot. Tip number four, placing the light correctly. Now, there's two main ways to do this, and I'm gonna show you both of them. The first way to place your light which is my favorite, is at a 45 degree angle. This is coming in from the side, and this is gonna give us some really nice shadows. This makes our shot feel a lot more three dimensional by adding some nice shadows onto my face. Because I'm using a wide angle lens and because I have the light so close to me, I actually have it right next to the camera. Now, you can experiment with having your light on the left side or the right side of the camera, it doesn't really matter. My camera has a flip out screen onto the right-hand side, so I just like to leave my light on the left hand side. Now, as far as the height of this light, I'm actually going to raise it up a little bit so it gives me more shadows coming down at an angle like this, rather than straight onto my face. After raising this light to be just above my head, we're getting some really nice shadows, especially right here under the chin coming on this side, I don't want to be talking with the double chin and have it all lit up like that. And so this is actually a really good angle for the light to be able to shape the face. Now, the second setup that I mentioned is actually placing the light directly behind the camera. Now, placing the light right here still gives me a really good angle, giving me some nice shape onto my face because it's above the camera, above my head, coming down at an angle towards me. This lighting setup is more of like a beauty setup. If you're doing makeup or clothing where you don't want a lot of shadows and you just want to light everything very nicely. And tip number five is to make sure that you're getting the best light in your budget range. Whether you have a dollar or a hundred dollars to spend on a light, then click on this screen because I made a lighting guide where I show you exactly what light I would buy if I were you. (relaxing music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @JohnnyGuitarRocks [1 likes]: The COLD temperature Nolan selected on the remote looks very nice and flattering!  I will give this a try.  Thanks, Nolan. 😀
  2. @jeffweaver955: Theres also a lamp behind you and a computer monitor
  3. @mysterygamer06: white or warm white which will be better ?
  4. @PixoteFilms: Nice.
  5. @aidylweiss.: The tip about moving the softbox as close as possible was super helpful! Thanks so much!!
  6. @Brockiesteve: I've tried just one key light but I can't achieve that even lighting achieved in this video despite using the recommended angles, I end up with Rembrandt shadows which I don't want, not sure if it's the fact the room is tiny (6ft x 7ft) with sloped ceiling. I'll try a cheap second key light on the other side of me - at least in this video it's clear you don't have to spend a lot
  7. @GilRosado-m2l: How do you reduce the blue light using this lighting setup?
  8. @6revEnga9: Will it work when I film it with my iphone?
  9. @GinoCosme: Could someone please create a video on how to determine the brightness percentage of a key correctly?
  10. @Thebboyy: Can i use the same principles with a lantern ?
  11. @andreagate542: Thank you for a great video!   Suppose you had a wonderful view you wanted to showcase out of that window while shooting during the daytime,,,,how would you light the set if you kept the blinds open and you positioned yourself in front or just to the side of that open window?…. Thank you!!
  12. @stang_pt: 0:07  So that one light you’re using… just happens to be the key light, huh?
  13. @hunterholistichealth: I must’ve watched hours & hours of light videos& this answered nearly all of my questions in about 4 min.
  14. @khactiep1994: Legendary
  15. @barsk76: This is so cinematic. I love 1 light setup.
  16. @bfyre1: ONE LIGHT ALWAYA LOOKS CINEMATIC.  LOVE IT. ESPECIALLY WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE IS DARK
  17. @Sirvena7: what if i want 2 use 2 lights?
  18. @BroKaBlog: Dont you go blind with light being so close
  19. @shelciasamuell: Great video, thank you so much !
  20. @ciiinno: My eyes would burn, lol

- Best Cheap Video Lighting UNDER $50 for YouTube!: Kind: captions Language: en - I've been testing out some soft boxes that you can buy on Amazon for under $50. And so today I'm going to reveal the greatest light that you can get for your YouTube videos under 50 bucks. - [Narrator] You got to just press Record. - Hey guys, my name is Nolan Molt with Think Media. Now, today's video is super fun because under 50 bucks you can actually get a whole lot when it comes to a lighting kit for your YouTube videos. And so we actually have three soft boxes behind me. And these are the lights that I've been testing out this past week. And so today I'm gonna show you some of the tests, some of the things I learned about these lights, as well as which one you should buy. Now, at first glance, these lights look very similar. They all have that soft box, which is perfect for YouTube videos, 'cause it gives you that nice soft light instead of a hard light onto your face. And they also all come with light stands. So you get the light stand. You get a light and you get a soft box for each one of these under 50 bucks. It's really a great deal. Now, the thing is, when you take off the diffusion, you're actually gonna see that we're getting three different types of lights. First off, we got a bulb, your classic light bulb, and this is set to a daylight temperature. Next up we have what they call the Corn light. And so this is kind of a weird looking LED light. It's got a bunch of those little lights on, but under the diffusion, it comes out as one beautiful big lights. And then lastly, we have this LED, it's actually a bi-color light. Now this one kind of has a diffusion on top of it. And then over that, you know, you have the diffusion you can use with the soft box, but these lights are all very different. And so when I picked them up, I was excited to see which one was gonna be the best and which one was gonna be the worst. So the first thing that I wanted to test was the versatility. We have three completely different lights. And so I wanted to see what they could really do when we start off with the light bulb, this has an on and off switch. So you're getting that a hundred percent brightness, and turn it off because it's just one bulb, you're only getting 0% or you're getting a hundred percent. There's nothing in between. Now, similar to that light bulb, we have the corn light. This is an LED light, but it's very similar to the light bulb. You can turn it on or off. You have 0% as off, and then you can turn on to a hundred percent. Again, here, you can't mess with any of that brightness control. Now on the mount dog bi-color lights, you can actually go to a hundred percent as well as down to 10% or whatever that minimum percentage is. But this is really, really cool for under 50 bucks that you can change the brightness on this light. This kind of put it way above these other two lights already. Now we have a bunch more tests to do, but starting off, this is a major wind when it comes to the versatility section with that light. On top of that, this light also is bi-color. So if you wanna make it warm like a lamp or make it daylight, you can do that. And you can also mess with that color temperature, you know, anywhere in between those color temperatures. On the other two lights, you don't even that option. It's just strictly daylight. So it's really cool that this light can change in brightness. It can also change in the color temperature. Next up, I wanted to test the brightness because brightness is very important. I was really scared that these LED lights weren't going to be as bright as the light bulb and that I would just have to kind of toss them and say no way, but that actually wasn't the case. So I set all these lights to daylight because the light bulb was at daylight, the corn light could only do daylight. So I set my bI-color light at daylight as well. And what I found was the corn light actually was the brightest light. And in second place was that bi-color lights you know, it was just a tiny bit darker than that corn light and then in last place was actually the bulb. For some reason, I thought the bulb was going to outperform the other two, but it didn't because it sucks, man, that kind of does suck, but we'll get more into that. Now, hold on because things get a little bit dicey right here. When you turn on the bi-color light to the white mode on the remote, you actually can put it to a white mode, a cool mode, which is what I was using as that daylight temperature. Then it has the warm mode, but I set it to white, which was a bit warmer than daylight, but it actually outperformed both these other lights and was brighter than the corn light. So the bi-color light in its white setting is the brightest light out of the bunch. Now, when it comes to the build quality of these lights, they're actually pretty much the exact same. I mean, you got the same exact stand for all three lights, the same exact diffusion with the Velcro, the same exact soft box just with some different brand names attached to it. But the build quality is the same. I think it's definitely fine for $50, it's great. And so the build quality is the same for all three tie, all of them. The bulb at at least gets to tie for one of them and not loose for once. But you know, you got to give it, you gotta give it something. One of the things that I love about all of these lights is the soft boxes are so easy to set up and tear down. It really just takes a few seconds. You just snap it in or you snap it out. This makes it really easy to store. So I think that this is fantastic that all of these lights are gonna give you that quick collapsible soft box. Now, if you're wondering what these lights actually look like on camera, they're all going to give you a very similar look. Now the colors are slightly different, but if you set your custom white balance, then all of these lights are going to be fine and you can actually click on the card right now. If you wanna find out how to set your custom white balance. So before I get to that and show you what that light looks like on camera, make sure you like this video and you comment down below. Let me know what kind of lights are you using for your YouTube videos? All right, drum roll, please. (drum rolls) The winner of the best light under $50 goes to the bulb. No, I'm just kidding. It doesn't go to the bulb. It goes, the bi-color LED light. Now I'm gonna tell you why I chose this light. First of all, when it comes to brightness, brightness is a big deal and you can get the brightest light with this light. If you set it to that white color temperature. Now, if you put that light to daylight, it is going to be slightly darker than the corn light. I keep wanting to say corn dog every time I say the corn light, but it is the corn light. It kind of looks like a corn dog, slow mode clip of like putting ketchup on it. Throw it in the deep fryer, (laughs) Just like the huge corn dog. (beep) Now what really makes the winning light stand out is that the brightness control is really unbeatable. The fact that you can really dial in your brightness makes this light, just stand out from all the other lights that are in this price range. On top of that, it's bi-color. So you can use this in multiple different settings and really tune in to the exact color temperature that you want and you get a remote. So you can just sit down in front of your camera, turn that monitor around and really dial in that brightness, that color temperature. And this is unbeatable in that $50 price range. You get all of this. Everything is included for $50. The link is in the description. If you wanna pick it up, do not accidentally buy the corn dog or the bulb. You wanna get the one the winner, it's in the description below. Lighting is so important for your videos, but actually audio is the most important part of your video. So if you wanna find the best mic for under $50, then you can click on the screen right now. I'll see you guys in the next video. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [23 likes]: Question of the Day ⚡  What lights are you using for your YouTube Videos? Let me know!  **   🏆🏆 Check out the Best Light Under $50 HERE ➡️ https://amzn.to/33K7Vt6
  2. @nikyabodigital [1 likes]: Do a challenge using mid range phones with proper lightings. Let us see how it looks.
  3. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Very helpful. Thanks for sharing. Have a great day.🎉😊
  4. @dollbarinc.3056: 5:45
  5. @frozenfasho: It immediately said 148.99 upon clocking the link smh
  6. @willwms7641: What software editing app are you using for youtube?
  7. @bigchunkks: sadly the mountdog has gone very expensive. Is it possible to have a updated version of this video please thank you
  8. @TheDilligan: I don't know if something happened, but your links in the description go to completely different products.
  9. @Len_Davis: The #1 choice,  Mountdog is out of stock on Amazon. What do you recommend in its place?  Thanks!
  10. @MarcoOvide: Thank you for wasting my time and the puffs were cold
  11. @ahdyhelmy1415: Thank you, It is very useful info. I am getting the LED but it's unavailable at the moment
  12. @JonatanCastro-secondary: I miss more info like the quality/CRI of the light!
  13. @esperanzapresente777: How this lights compare with COB lights about brightness?
  14. @yourfuckingmom4752: Says it’s unavailable now so sad
  15. @m.a.m.z.guitargod: The mountdog bi-colour one (in my country) seems to be much more expensive (almost 200$).. would it still be a good investment at that price..?
  16. @808ondabeat3: I was looking for good cheap lighting til I get money to invest in a good and think media never fails with good tips and info ….thank you
  17. @DJ_JJ: bruh its $200 AUD (US$133.93)
  18. @diegovictor3984: I'd like to see the setups while you were recording the video
  19. @THEARPE07: under $50 cost now  £112.67 LOL, do you have any alternatives ?
  20. @garymcadamspa8450: Which light is a good low cost option for lighting the screen on a green screen?

- Simple & Affordable Lighting for Your Videos: Kind: captions Language: en lighting is one thing that can make a huge difference in your videos so today I want to show you very quickly the cheap and easy lighting setup that I use when I film videos in this room right here often times when you're filming a video it's easy to just take your camera or go into whatever environment and just start filming maybe try to get some good shots but you forget that the lighting makes a huge difference even something like this right here there's a window off to my side by closing the window I completely change the feel of the lighting by opening the window all the way up the lighting changes yet again it's taking me quite a few months but I finally found a lighting setup that I'm pretty happy with and when I film in this room I mainly only use two lights I use a Drake a silk ray 400 and a Drake cast small on-camera light both of these lights are bicolor so that means they can be adjusted to be warm or cooler depending on whatever color temperature you need and I like this because they're both portable they can be battery-operated they can be operated with an AC adapter and because they're bicolor no matter where you take them you know that you're gonna be able to adjust the color to suit the mood that you want specifically now even though I'm using lights that are designed specifically for video and everything that I'm talking about today you can do a lot of the same stuff just using what you might already have like a desk lamp or a floor light or something that's already around your house I was able to get both of these lights for pretty cheap to still pray 400 which is the bigger one I got for $99 on a Black Friday deal I think normally its price is about $200 and the smaller light I got for $80 I think normally it's about 80 to 100 dollars I've seen it on sale even as low as 50 sometimes now as I was developing the look that I wanted for my videos one thing that hit me was I wanted it to kind of look like an overcast day you know like when you go outside and the sun is shining through the clouds and everything is kind of under this nice diffused lighting there are no really harsh shadows anywhere there's nothing that's really light or dark everything is very soft and evenly lit there are times when you might want to use harsh lighting you're filming like an interrogation scene or something and it would make sense to have one overhead light casting these really dramatic shadows on your subject but for the most part if you're doing a YouTube video like this we're just talking to the camera it's really nice to just kind of have soft easy Pleasant lighting and one of the biggest mistakes that people make right away myself very much included is when they get a nice new light they just kind of pointed up themselves or at their subject and just start recording and the problem with doing that is the lighting is really unpleasant it's really Glary it's really harsh it's really bright people sometimes squint the shadows are really strong right now if I move my hand in front of me you can kind of see the shadow it's casting is very very soft if the light is pointed directly at me this shadow is gonna be very very harsh and it's going to make things look overall just kind of unpleasant let me show you exactly what I'm talking about so now I have both of the lights pointed directly at me I didn't do anything but go to them and turn them around and now you can see the lighting is much more harsh it is very dramatic there might be a time that I'd want to use this kind of lighting for a purpose but I can tell you for me it's actually really hard because I'm staring into these bright lights so filming is more difficult because my eyes that can barely see what's happening and then also if I were to raise my hands or move them a lot as I tend to do because I talk with my hands all the time you can see the harsh shadows that get cast over my face so how do you avoid that how do you use a light without shining it directly on someone the answer is you need to diffuse your lighting so that it goes from this to this and the way I'm diffusing my lights is really really simple it's actually really really simple I found that in my room where I film I like to sit in this corner because it pulls me far away from the background which means I can be nice and clear and in focus and the background is a little bit blurry I just like the way that looks behind the camera are just some white closet doors and so the lights are just shining at those white doors and the light is reflecting back at me that means it's really easy for me to look into the light I'm not like totally blinded or anything and it also means the light that's shining on me is really soft and diffused just like clouds on an overcast day so it gives me the exact look that I want it's really cheap really easy literally I just have two lights pointed at some closet doors that's how I'm lighting myself right now as for everything behind me it's pretty easy there's a warm light kind of coming from the back of my head that's literally just my desk lamp which is there all the time and it just kind of adds an extra bit of ambience to the scene which I like the way that looks it sort of highlights a little bit behind me and then on the sides right here I have two LED lights that can change colors I like keeping them on blue and kind of a pinkish color but you change them to any colors that you want those are like twenty twenty-five dollars on Amazon each they're pretty cheap but they work really really well for this purpose there are people whose entire career revolve around doing light for film and video and photo and there's so much science and experience that goes into creating really great lighting but if you don't have the time for that or the knowledge for that a couple quick little things just being aware that when you go into a room not to use the light that's just already there but to actually take charge and control your lighting maybe that means turning off overhead light turning on a desk lamp turning something to face a wall can really really make a huge difference so figure out wherever you're filming look at what you can utilize in that space to make your videos look as good as possible and then make sure you're in charge of the environment and you'll have videos that look much much better so thanks so much for watching this delightful tutorial please let me know what you think in the comments make sure to hit the like button and then most importantly make sure to subscribe if you haven't already so that you get new videos and livestreams every single week thank you so much for watching I will see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @H76Pro [2 likes]: Your tip of bouncing the light of the closet wall just saved me allot of money! I have ring lights and always hated how they are casting shadows and are reflected on my glasses, I wanted to buy new lights but I just tried bouncing them off the wall in front of me and I look great on camera!! Thanks allot!
  2. @sleeptimeaudio [2 likes]: I love this video! Thanks for the help. My only suggestion (completely up to you not a problem at all) is take the glass out of our pictures in the background so we can see more detail on the photos :) Love your content! Keep it up
  3. @tombuck [1 likes]: Do you guys have any quick and easy tricks you use when making videos?
  4. @mund1photo [1 likes]: Great coverage on such an important topic !!!  Surprisingly, I already have these (2) models in my personal arsenal of photo/video stuff.
  5. @cheesenips84 [1 likes]: Hey tom I love your videos. Do you by any chance know the name of the blue color you used on the wall. I have tried a few color swatches and I can't seem to get close to it.
  6. @HeatherRamirez [1 likes]: Watching this video 2 years later. This is around the time I officially moved in! haha
  7. @leewoodauthor [1 likes]: Great info. Your lighting looks really nice and inviting. You make it look so easy. I'm looking in November 2019, following your link the big light doesn't seem to be available on Amazon anymore.
  8. @JavierRivera [1 likes]: What is your Camera 📷 ISO? are you using 400 or above to be able to match the background lighting with the front?
  9. @JonDotExe [1 likes]: This video was great and really showed me what dracast can do! I'm surprised it has so few views. Keep up the good work!
  10. @TechWithAKJ [1 likes]: This was very helpful! I’m going to experiment with this over the weekend. Thanks so much for making this!
  11. @HeatherRamirez [1 likes]: This video popped up on my home page. YEAH LIGHTING! ☀️ You’re playing the drums right now as I’m writing this comment. I can’t get enough of you 🥰😘
  12. @Ezzyandfriends [1 likes]: Very Helpful.... im tryin to set up a studio in my room as well...
  13. @seodriven [1 likes]: Your videos are so well lit I would have never thought it's as easy and relatively cheap. Thanks for these insights. Would be nice to learn more about how you decorated your background!
  14. @darrinlalla9008 [1 likes]: You are a boss. Thanks for the tips.
  15. @ItsJamesandMark [1 likes]: I finally got around to watching, super informative and loved all the examples/visuals you used in it!
  16. @StephanieDouglassMusic [1 likes]: Hee hee..."dee-light-ful"...
I love the look of what you're doing. Right now I'm just using natural light, and I'm going to wait until I have a designated video space (when my roommate moves out this summer) before I purchase any new lights for videos. When I do, I will probably watch this again. I love the idea of using colored lights in the background. I could probably put a colorful scarf over a regular lamp to achieve a similar effect, too. Thanks for this cool video!
  17. @theartofphotography [1 likes]: Love your channel Tom!
  18. @NOTANOTHERCOOKINGSHOW [1 likes]: Hey man! Great channel, always love watching gear videos. I don't have much natural lighting so I use a genaray spectroled light and a wescott ice light. Not really enough for me right now but I'm getting by and the ice light is awesome to use in my kitchen shots because it fits EVERYWHERE. Keep it up bud!
  19. @mlee13 [1 likes]: Great video! I'm gonna tell James we need to get lights! :D
  20. @ninjalightning2631: Hard to find discontinued

- Improve Your Video Lighting on a Budget!: Kind: captions Language: en - So, you wanna make movies or take photos. You've got yourself a camera, a lens, and maybe even a microphone. So what's the next thing to level up your production quality? Lighting. This is not a sponsored video in any way. I've just been using this inexpensive $85 light from Amazon for almost a year now, and I'm really happy with it, and I've been wanting to make a video about it for quite awhile because lighting is one of the key things that separates amateur looking results from professional work. So I think it's really important to invest a little bit of time and maybe a little bit of money in upping your lighting quality. So my main purpose with this video isn't to advertise a light, but it's to help you understand the importance of paying attention to lighting in your videos or in your photos, and to really think about how you can effectively start incorporating that into your work. And I think it's easy to see all of the expensive gear that a lot of people use and think that your own work won't be able to reach that quality unless you also spend a ton of money. But for most of us, there are many less expensive alternatives out there that will end up working just fine. And at $85, I really think this light fits into pretty much anyone's budget, and will really make a huge difference in your overall video quality. What I was looking for when I decided to get it, was for a really soft diffused light that I could use when I'm filming in this room, especially shots like this where it's me talking to the camera. And I wanted the room to be brightly lit, but I wanted the light to be soft. I didn't want really harsh shadows that would be distracting, or make me look ugly. So the light I'm talking about is 24 by 36 inch softbox from a brand called Fovitech, or F-ah-vi-tech. I'd actually never heard of them before. I just found them on Amazon. They got decent reviews and, again, for $85, I figured why not. Luckily the light turned out to be awesome and pretty much every video that I filmed in this room for the past year almost has been filmed with that light. So if you wanna see what it does or how it looks, you can just watch pretty much any video since March of 2018. Anytime I'm in here, that's that light. So let's start with the pros, and probably most importantly is the quality of light. So regardless of price, you want the light to be of a good quality. This is a daylight balance light, and it has no unnatural tints to it. It doesn't kinda go green or red, it's very natural, neutral, daylight balanced light. It also doesn't flicker, and it doesn't emit any humming. So it's a great light to use in quiet environments, or where audio is really important. So another pro, in addition to the quality of the light, is of course, the cost, and the fact that for that price, it comes with everything that you need. So right out of the box, you get the light itself, you get all seven of the bulbs, you get the soft box, and you even get the light stand. So you're ready to go as soon as you take it out of the box and set it up. And to kinda go off that for the next pro on the list, one of the reasons that I chose this light specifically, is that it actually has two layers of diffusion, so double diffusion really makes a difference when you're going for really soft, gentle light. And as you might know, I actually have this light pointing away from me and bouncing off of a wall and a ceiling to make the light even softer and even more diffused. And then finally, another pro. Even though this is a fluorescent light and not an LED light, it still has a really low operating temperature. It gets a little bit warm, but it's not gonna raise the temperature of the room, or burn anybody, or cause any problems like that. So it's a really easy to use, safe, functional, practical light. Now, of course, it's not perfect, so in addition to the pros, there are definitely some cons. And the biggest con for me is that this light is very plastic-y. There's a lot of plastic parts. It's definitely not the most durable light in the world. If you're someone who needs to travel with your gear a lot, this light will probably start falling apart pretty quickly. But if you're someone like me who just needed a light to be set up in one location where it's not gonna get moved that much, it's perfect. I haven't personally had any issues with the durability, but I can find a few areas of weakness, specifically this handle that goes right above the buttons, and you kind of grab onto it if you need to reposition the light, or turn on the light. It's definitely something that I think would be the first thing to break on the light. And another con, which I can't really decide if it's fair or not to say as a con for this light. But this doesn't have any dimming functions. It does have three levels of light, so you have these seven bulbs, and you can decide if you wanna have the top two bulbs lit, the bottom two bulbs lit, or the middle three bulbs lit, or a combination of those. Basically, you've got three switches on the back of the light, and you can turn them on or off depending on your need. So, for example, this is with all three of the lights on. This is just with the top lights on. This is with the middle lights on. This is only the top and middle. And then finally, this is all three switches turned on. So you do have a few options and variety in terms of how bright you want the light to be, but it's not nearly the same as having a full-on dimmer. Now, as I mentioned before, for the specific style that I like, I usually have this light pointed at a wall and a ceiling so it bounces back an even softer, more diffused quality of light. But it also works really well as a direct light source that gives a totally different feel and a totally different style. And since it doesn't run very hot, it's not at all uncomfortable to have the light this close to you. I have it just outside the frame. It's maybe a foot away from my face, and I could easily sit here for a long time talking at the camera without feeling like I'm melting or sweating in the heat. I also like to use the light in this set-up when I'm filming or taking photos of things on the desk right here, because it gives a really soft quality of light with really beautiful shadows. And it helps to make like thumbnail images and product images really stand out and really look very, very dynamic. So even though this is a very simple light, it is actually really versatile as well. And then finally, the last con that I found over nearly a year of using this light is just that the light stand that comes with it is a bit light-weight and a little cheap. Luckily that's an easy thing to fix because you can just buy a really heavy-duty light stand, but my goal with this light was to buy something really inexpensive and that's it, not to have to buy anything else to make it work. So the light stand that it comes with works. It does the job. It's just not super sturdy and it's a bit wobbly. It's probably something you would wanna upgrade as time goes on. There's a saying that goes something like, a foolish person always pays twice; once for the thing and again for the thing they really wanted. Meaning that if you want something and you just kind of buy the cheap version, later on you end up buying the expensive version anyway, and spending twice as much money. I don't really think this is the case like that, because I didn't need to spend $800 on a single light. I just needed $85, get me a bright, soft light, and I'm good to go. And I think that is really the key. If you wanna start focusing on any part of production: lighting, sound, looks, whatever, figure out what style you're going for and then find the most effective way to do that. We'd all like to have the most expensive, high-end gear, but a lot of times you can really get by and get the results you're looking for with something that is significantly less expensive. So in the end, if you're looking for a good quality light and you don't wanna spend a bunch of money, but you wanna up the production quality of your work, then this is definitely a dee-lightful addition to your gear set-up. (techno music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @heatherjustcreate [7 likes]: I don’t mean this in a bad way but why don’t you have more subscribers? Your content is 🔥🔥🔥
  2. @LastTurnFilms [4 likes]: Landed on this video after watching a couple of your other videos and I gotta say, I love the overall style of your channel; the tone, the content, the technical execution, it's all great! Looking forward to seeing more! (Also, might have to grab me one of these lights, you've made quite a convincing argument haha)
  3. @JaskoBesic66 [2 likes]: You just got yourself a new subscriber. Awesome content - thank you!
  4. @joshzaring [2 likes]: Another awesome video man! My favorites are the falcon eyes 28td and 40td, they are really bright, soft led arrays with variable brightness and temp. But really if you have a light as bright as the one you have, you can always position it depending on how dim or bright you need it. I really like how it looks bounced off the wall.
  5. @DrMJAhmadian [1 likes]: Awesome
  6. @RealYomans [1 likes]: i dont have room for a softbox XD i will have to stick with my ikea desklamp
  7. @thevegasunicorn [1 likes]: I just found you and subscribed. Just wanted to say nice work. Love your colorful vibes and insightful videos.
  8. @Chavez1980s [1 likes]: love your lighting from the beginning i started following you, the mixture of your colors in the background is fantastic, really digging it! crisp color. do you shoot at a flat profile? curious to see or watch a video of you showing your settings..
  9. @LincolnintheAdirondacks [1 likes]: Your set is just so nice lol I’d love a place like that! As for the lighting, you’re right, there’s plenty of cheap lighting out there to boost quality! I’d put it up there along side audio for those doing non- vlog content
  10. @BillSnodgrass [1 likes]: Light is pretty much the heart of photography and videography.
  11. @DADPLAYINGGAMES [1 likes]: Where was this video when I was upgrading my studio!?! Good job again man! Keep up the awesome content!
  12. @NOTANOTHERCOOKINGSHOW [1 likes]: Happy New Year Bro! Working on a behind the scenes video of how I shoot videos and edit them in one video. lol. I'm forseeing a 40 minute video. I don't know if its the right strategy especially seeing you covering just one light. Just gonna go with it and see what happens. Entering some new territory. But great video.
  13. @itskevandram [1 likes]: Awesome video!! This reminds me I need to use better lighting!
  14. @ThisIsTechToday [1 likes]: Good lighting is so underrated amongst creatives! Lighting makes things sooooo much better!
  15. @AntonioVillagomez [1 likes]: 100% agree, great video
  16. @ItsJamesandMark [1 likes]: We still need to figure out how to best use light in our videos, thanks for the  insight!

- Watch BEFORE buying a light for video & filmmaking: Kind: captions Language: en to shoot professional content lighting is everything but what light should you buy you could get a single point light source you could get an LED panel light you could get a tube light like this or you could get a ring light oh wait no no no no don't get a ring light but what about modifiers you could get a traditional softbox you could get a lantern you could get a diffusion panel or you can get a silk sheet so in this video we're going to make very specific recommendations on exactly what type of light you should buy but before we do that we need to touch on some of the core elements that actually make up good lighting and the first one that you absolutely need to know before making a purchase is the difference between hard light and soft light so this is what hard light looks like and believe it or not if you were to go online and buy a light right now odds are when you take it out of the box and you turn it on it's going to look like this it's not going to be flattering we really want to avoid hard light when it comes to lighting our subjects now to contrast to the hard light you just saw this is what soft light looks like it's super flattering it's not going to show off the wrinkles on my face or any other imperfections and the gradual fallof between the highlights and the Shadows is just much nicer now like I said a minute ago almost all lights are going to be hard straight out of the box we turn them into soft lights by doing two things the first is passing that light source through another medium like a soft box and then on top of that we can increase the softness of a light by making the overall light source larger now we just talked about soft boxes and how we pass light through that Medium but look at what also happens to the size of the light source when it's going through the soft box the entire size increases a ton which also contributes to the softness so we just talked about how increasing the size of your light source is going to add additional softness to it this is where the size of your soft box also comes into play ideally you want to get a huge soft box it's just going to make for a much softer light but you obviously have to consider the fact that larger soft boxes cost more money and you also have to have enough room to fit the soft box so what you're seeing right now is a 65 cm soft box from newer with a grid on it that makes the light even more directional now on the other hand this is a 120 CM soft box it is freaking massive and it's giving off a much softer light than the smaller one we had before not that this was bad but comparing and contrasting you can see big is better so size matters but distance also matters a ton because you can have a huge soft box like I have right now up close it's going to give you an amazing light but watch what happens as Luke begins to move that soft box back so before it was about an arms length away now it's probably 3 to Four Arms lengths away it's obviously gotten dimmer because we're not anywhere near as close but the light's also getting harder because in proximity to me that light source is now smaller so to summarize all this in a perfect world you want the biggest soft box possible as close to your subject as possible and if you have to move your softbox further away you want to make that light source bigger and bigger this is why in Hollywood movies and huge commercial sets they have massive diffusion sources causing their light sources to be huge it's also why the Sun the largest light in our solar system is actually a hard light because it's just so freaking far away so that's the difference between hard and soft light and how we use diffusion forces like soft boxes to achieve the soft look but soft boxes aren't the only way to get light to be soft and this brings us to the next core element of lighting which is what's the best modifier for you so we touched on it but up first you have soft boxes these are like the All American diffusion kit they come in tons of different shapes and styles from octabox to parabolic to rectangular and strip for the most part all you need to know is that these make your light soft and you want to get the biggest one that's going to fit in your filming space the other thing on top of that is the grid system that you can see on the softbox this is actually an attachment and all it does is it focuses the light you can see in some of the examples we're showing right now with the grid attached we control the light spill and we focus it way more on the subject without the grid you're going to see that light spilling onto the walls the background it is just a less focused scene which isn't always bad in fact sometimes people opt for that and that's when they would get something like a lantern soft box this is very different it's covered in diffusion mat material all around what that's going to do is cast light in all different directions it's going to light an entire scene it's great for multiple people that all need to be lit when you only have one light source and on top of that due to the size and shape of this thing you are going to get an incredibly soft light and it really does look good but you need to be aware it's going to spill everywhere and then last but not least a traditional style of diffusing light is using a diffusion panel like this usually it's silk nylon tons of different material IAL this is from a 5 in1 reflector kit you can get it for like $20 on Amazon all you need to do is place this in between your subject and your light you're going to get really nice diffusion it's helpful because it's really thin and this can fit in some areas where maybe one of these two just wouldn't be an option just keep in mind if you use this or any other type of nylon sheet you're going to need another human being to hold it or you're going to need another stand with this actually clipped onto [Music] it now the third thing you need to be aware of when buying a high quality light is the right color mode for you now generally speaking there are three types of color modes that you want to be aware of the first one is daylight balanced now this light is capable of doing all three modes but we're going to walk through each one individually so if you buy a daylight balance light this is all you're going to get 5600 Kelvin it's called daylight balance it's the same color temperature as the sun and even though you're limited in flexibility this is going to be a budget friendly color temperature to buy in most of the talking head videos you see on the internet especially on YouTube they're all filmed at this color temperature now the second type of color mode is by color and what this allows you to do is shift the color temperature between cool white and very warm white you can see I have a little dial on the back here and I can switch the color temperature and now we have a much warmer light outside of being able to create different styles in looks with the more flexible color temperatures this is really key when you're filming in an area that has different temperature lights and when we're filming in my kitchen we can show exactly how this works normally I'm using a 5600 Kelvin light but we have these orange pendant lights in the background and because these two colors just clash with each other makes the entire background look crazy orange with a by color light as my key light I'm able to turn the color temperature down to match the warmer color temperature of those background lights now both the background and the foreground look orange but this is where we can change the white balance setting on our camera to match that same color temperature 2700 Kelvin essentially telling our camera to interpret that as natural white which balances out the entire scene so now hopefully you can see the benefit of by color is the ability to match other lights in your scene and have greater control the only drawbacks of bolor Lights is that a they're usually more expensive and B you're actually going to miss out on some of the output or light intensity compared to a daylight only balanced light and this is actually really easy to see with this led panel when you you look at this array we have all these individual LEDs when I change the color temperature you can actually see certain LEDs turning off and others turning on and that is because half of the LEDs are warm and half of them are cool so at any given point you're only using half of the actual LEDs on this light if you put it exactly in the middle you can see most of the LEDs are on we can kind of get it to a point where there's more LEDs than not but overall you're going to have to sacrifice a little bit on the output when buying a bolor light then finally the third color mode when buying a light is full color RGB I can hit the mode button on the back here with full color RGB lights you have the ability to essentially change the actual color to be anything that you want red green blue and everything in between this is super cool because it gives you a lot of creative control you can use this in the background of your scenes to evoke different emotions and overall it's just a ton of flexibility the only negative of a light like this is they're usually going to be much more expensive than daylight only and by color lights all right now we can finally talk about core element number four when buying a high quality light and that's the actual type of Light which one is right for you now I know I joked about it earlier in this video but we should talk about why ring lights aren't really on this list generally speaking they're just not made of highquality Lights these can kind of cast awkward color tones on your skin which don't make you look good they're also small and hard light sources that are hard to diffuse because they don't have Universal mounting options on them you can't just attach a soft box to a ring light and then finally they're also designed to have a smartphone mounted right in the center of the Ring meaning the light is going to blast you right in the face this is called broad lighting which traditionally in film isn't a cinematic look instead you want to light off to the side like I have now creating a bright side and a dark side of your face this creates more depth which is a more cinematic look the first is a single point light this is probably the most purchased light amongst the YouTuber and kind of professional freelance videographer Community they are extremely versatile you can get them on a great budget and my favorite thing about them is the fact that they have the universal Bowen mount on the front these are a really simple design but they essentially allow you to buy any softbox or light modifier on the internet and attach it to your light without having to worry about brand compatibility this means you get a ton of power out of these lights and a lot of flexibility as to what you're capable of doing with it now after single point lights I would say the next most popular is something like this right here this is an LED panel now the way I look at comparing these two comes down to a few simple things the first is that straight out of the box this is a much larger light source compared to this one and remember back to the beginning of this video larger light sources are typically softer so straight out of the box when you turn this guy on it's going to be slightly softer than this light but I don't want you to think that this is just going to be like amazing soft and super flattering you're still going to need to add more diffusion to it now this brings me to one of my major Cons with LED panels is that they don't have that Universal bow mount so adding diffusion to this although very easy and still possible it is a little bit more difficult you either need to get a custom softbox that's made specifically for the LED panel or you need to get some sort of separate modifier like a diffusion panel a silk or a nylon sheet have that mounted on another stand and then you have a diffuse light so all that aside the major benefit of LED panels compared to single point light sources is this right here look at how thin this one is compared to this and I think most people should buy a single point light unless you're in an area where space is very restricted and you can't fit something like a single point light with a soft ball then you could get whoa ho ho what do we got going on here turn that guy off then you could get one of these maybe mount a very slim diffusion panel in front of it and you have a better space- saving lighting kit and then finally we have the tube lights like this TL 120c is that what it is I forget the actual name we'll have it linked below tube lights are extremely versatile they're usually pretty large and have a relatively soft light I'd say softer than both of these Straight Out of the Box depending on how big the tube light is I love tube lights I don't think they should be your first light you should probably get one of these but if you're looking for your second or or maybe your third light and you want something that you can use as a practical light in the scene you can use to light your background or as a corner light just something that's going to fit in all of these different weird places that traditional lights wouldn't be able to tube lights are great and they're definitely gaining popularity and I highly recommend this model from newer okay those are the core four elements that you should be aware of right now we're going to Rapid Fire some secondary things to consider before finally bringing this home with some Ultra specific recommendations based on the type of content you're trying to film okay rapid fire starting now while you're searching for lights you will see two specs called the CRI and the tlci these stand for color rendering index and television lighting consistency index it's basically a measurement of the color accuracy of your light both are measured on a scale of 0 to 100 and ideally you want the light that you purchase to be at 95 and up for both specs thankfully nowadays most lights are at or above these requirements after that we have the wattage in light output wattage is a measurement of the total amount of power that the light will draw as it runs and typically speaking the higher the wattage the more output in light intensity that the light will have output is measured in Lux at a certain distance usually 1 M so for an example 4,000 Lux at 1 meter it's going to be more than enough for YouTube videos like this or talking head interviews 30,000 Lux at 1 meter is very bright enough to fully illuminate a very big space and then 90,000 Lux at 1 meter is enough to wake pick up a demon from the underworld this is what you'd use to essentially mimic the sun in an outdoor shoot where the natural light from the sun had already faded now speaking of power draw the next thing we need to talk about is the ability to work off of a battery if you're always filming indoors next to an outlet it's not really a huge concern for you but if you're ever going to be in a situation where you're away from power outlets it would make sense to have a light that can work off of a battery some lights have internal batteries built in that'll work for a couple hours other have the ability to work off of Industry standard batteries like Sony NP or vmount batteries this is nice cuz you can stack up a ton of them and make sure that the light will work for hours up next you're going to want to consider if you need special lighting effects modes a lot of modern lights nowadays have these different modes built into them that mirror unique lighting scenarios in real life like cop cars candl light or fires Paparazzi taking a picture dance parties that sort of thing these definitely aren't essential but if you're filming more narrative style stuff they are very helpful up next we have to talk about an app interface a lot of lights nowadays actually have these apps that will allow you to control the light without having to touch the light not essential but definitely helpful if you're like me where you're constantly filming Yourself by yourself this way I can sit down I can pull up the app I can change the light intensity the color temperature any of that stuff while seeing how it looks on camera instead of having to go behind the light change the settings record a test clip review it and so on and so forth and that officially covers all of the primary and all of the secondary things that you need to be aware of prior to making an informed purchase now we can finally dive into those specific light recommendations but first if you found this style of in-depth training valuable hit that like And subscribe button and on top of that if you like this I definitely think you should check out our full online course for Content creators 14-day filmmaker it contains over 150 streamlined video tutorials walking through every single aspect of the content creation process from the technical side of what's the best gear to use the right camera settings how to light like a pro capture cinematic movements record and edit high quality audio how to tell captivating stories and an insane amount of editing training that will take you from a beginner to an absolute ninja included in this course are individual bonus courses that talk about mastering the process of shooting and editing on your smartphone a deep dive course on professional cameras and an entire curriculum on mastering YouTube covering how to get tons of views and build an amazing subscriber base lifetime access to all of that and the weekly Q&A calls that I personally host the bonus sound effects the editing cheat sheets all of that is just $48 if you're interested and you want to learn more and maybe enroll the link to do so is in the description of this video which I think YouTube if you're on a desktop just moved it to the right hand side of your screen either way back to the recommendations let's start from the bottom and talk about the most affordable lighting kit that's actually worth the money for under $50 you can get the mount dog light and softbox kit if you're just getting started shooting videos for maybe a YouTube channel your social media or you're shooting interviews with local businesses this is going to get you moving in the right direction the softbox is big enough to really give off a flattering soft light it's got enough power to light up a subject assuming you've got it relatively close to the person and it's also byy color which really is what sets this apart from most other lights in the same price range most other lights are daylight only not to mention the light also comes with a light stand these are usually sold separately and its own carrying case now for those of you looking to get a more professional setup the next light I'd point you towards is the newer CB 60b coming in at around $130 this is still a super affordable light All Things Considered but compared to the Mount dog kit we've really cranked up the power and features quite a bit with 70 W power draw this light can produce 34,000 Lux at 1 meter which is extremely bright for a light of this size and price and it's also a bicolor light due to the fact that it's a single point light source it's going to have that Universal Bowen Mount so you can attach practically any softbox or modifier it's going to be compatible with the newer app which means you can control it from your smartphone and it has 12 built-in lighting effect modes like lightning Paparazzi Candle Light TV screen and more now do keep in mind with this light it doesn't include a softbox so that's something you're going to need to purchase separately speaking of which though what type of softbox should you buy well I think if you're a YouTuber a traditional 90 CM octagon softbox is perfect now if you want to splurge a little bit more and you have a big bigger space to film in you could use the 120 CM option that I use it's going to give you a softer light source but you definitely want to consider just how big this thing is make sure it's going to fit in your space and you're also going to need a heavier duty light stand like a SE stand to keep it from tipping over now if you're anything like me and you actually hate light stands because they clutter up your filming area you can get these newer wall mounts I have two of them in my office and I absolutely love them now if you still need even more power than that maybe you're in a huge room and you just need a lot of light the newer CB 100c is actually one of the lights that I use and it is incredible it gives you all the same features as the previous light we covered but it's more powerful and it's also full color RGB now changing Dynamic here if you're in a tight space and size is really going to be an issue this is where a highquality LED panel will serve you nicely on the budget friendly side you've got the newer NL 288 LED panel this actually has diffusion built right into the LED panel which is nice I will say though don't expect it to it as soft as the earlier options with larger soft boxes but as a compromise with the smaller form factor it's definitely a great option and it's also byy color which is great now if you have a little bit more money to spend on an LED panel my personal favorite and the one that I use is the amaran p6c Aman is definitely a slightly more expensive brand but they're going to give you super high quality build quality the light output is really powerful for something of this size at 5,900 Lux it has tons of built-in special effects modes and it's full RGB giving you total control of whatever color you want to create but overall my favorite aspect of this led panel is that it's one of the only LED panels that comes with a dedicated softbox and grid system this means you're going to have a much much softer light source compared to all the other LED panels with built in diffusion or none whatsoever okay moving on let's say you're in a scenario where you've got multiple people that you need to light and you've only got one light this is where a lantern softbox would come into play just keep in mind you're going to want to get a single point light source with a Bowen Mount to use the lantern lanterns are also really good for Real Estate shoots where you want to light up an entire room with a nice soft light they're also really great for talking head looks they're just a different style than the soft box and grid system we talked about earlier the scene you're watching right now is actually me using a lantern and it's Ultra Soft I love how it looks but you know it does really light up the whole room then finally I know we talked about tube lights earlier and I already covered how it's probably not the best light if you're in the market for your first light but if you want something that's super super cool and versatile that you can use in tons of different scenes as both key lights fill lights even practical lights within the background they're just a ton of fun and I do think as a second or third light tube lights are crazy good options to look into that does it though as always links to all of this gear can be found in the description of the YouTube video other than that thanks so much for watching don't forget to check out 14-day filmmaker and I'll see you in the next one he's

  Top Comments:
  1. @existingbyproxy [1 likes]: This changed everything for me. Rarely does a YouTube video actually work lol. Thank you!!!
  2. @Jonathan-wm5ju [1 likes]: I already know all of this, but it took me many, many years to figure it out and spent a lot of money buying the wrong gear. This video is an absolute gem for anyone starting out, it will haunt me forever that i just stumbled upon it until now. Great video. Subscribed!
  3. @techforcreators-setordjiemedia: This video is really an inspiration.
  4. @algarsonn: What do you think about the - Godox ES45?
  5. @stephenmwanzake: So quality info here, a whole course. Thank you so much! Happy Creating!
  6. @aldwg: Thank you so much ❤
  7. @ravgav613: Great video for beginners like myself! Thank you!
  8. @user-df1hu6ux2n: Light umbrella link 🖇️
  9. @user-df1hu6ux2n: Link 🖇️
  10. @Semiplex: Wait, size matters?! 😥
  11. @Daaristudio: You guys have such good videos. Thanks a lot!
  12. @Dewabarasunderan: 5:47 The Sun's surface (the photosphere) has an effective temperature of approximately 5,778 K.
  13. @juanfragueiroaramburu: This channel deserves the world
  14. @vishwaprasadg: thanks man
  15. @Wesmosis: Great video, what about Godox ES45? Is it good for tight space zoom / YouTube head videos?
  16. @Blastarr1: what about the ms60c/b and ms150b/c lights?
  17. @KuKMIKI: I'm a game streamer looking for lighting that will even out my skin tone and blur minor imperfections. Space is tight. Which of these options would work best? 
Neewer NL288 diffused panel lights or Amaran P60c RGB panel LED?
  18. @Nursezaynab: I shoot in an entirely dark room without any light bulb, what kind of light do you suggest I buy?
  19. @HowToHomeLife: Skilled photographers, cinematographers, and videographers turn ugly and boring people, places, and objects into beautiful and exciting images through lighting, both natural and artificial!  David Riddle
  20. @DayyabaZakari-z7j: Loved this video, keep up the great work!

- How to Set Up a YouTube Studio at home (Camera, Audio, Lighting & more!): Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, Kevin here. Today, I want to show you how you can build your very own YouTube studio. We're going to cover all types of topics today. We're going to talk about lighting, cameras, editing software, rugs. Whoa, hold up. Why are we going to talk about rugs? Well, turns out rugs can greatly impact your sound quality. We're going to cover lots of different topics today. Feel free to use the timestamps in the description to jump around this video. Otherwise, let's jump right on into it. The first item that I recommend for setting up your own YouTube studio, and this is going to be by far the most expensive item, is having your own dedicated space for filming. Yes, real estate prices in Seattle are very expensive. It doesn't have to be anything fancy. You could just have a spare bedroom in your house that you use for filming. Some of the benefits, well, you could set up your camera, you could set up your lights, you could set up your microphone, and then you could leave them where they are. So, when you go to film again, there's as little friction as possible to pulling together content. Now, in my specific case, my room that I use for filming is in the basement of my house. What I like about that is, first off, there aren't as many interruptions in the basement. It's slightly below grade, which cuts down on the outside noise that's coming in. And also, there's minimum outside and natural light coming in, so I can control what the lighting looks like. So, all in all, it's a pretty good setup, and I'm really raving about this basement bedroom. Let's be honest, though. The real reason I have my studio down here is this was the one room in the house that my wife was willing to let me use. The next item is your home office setup. Wait, hold up. We're talking about filming YouTube videos. What does your home office setup have to do? Well, once you film your video, you have to edit your video, and making sure that you have an ergonomic setup where you're going to be able to sit down for a long time is extremely important. In fact, on my videos, the filming is the shortest amount of time, and pulling together the edit takes a lot longer. So, I want to make sure I'm comfortable. And that's where the desk that you have and the chair that you have are extremely important. Now, previously in my studio, I had an IKEA desk. It was just a basic desk. It didn't move. It was just stationary. And when I worked at Microsoft, I had a standing desk. The beautiful thing about a standing desk, especially when you're going to be sitting for a very long time, being able to stand and work some, and when you're tired of standing, you sit again, it really makes you more productive, and it really just helps increase the ergonomics of your setup. So, I was in the market for a new standing desk, and that's when FlexiSpot reached out. Now, this is one of the perks of being a YouTuber. You have companies reach out and offer you products. So, what do you think I said? Well, of course, I accepted the desk. They sent out a new FlexiSpot Vicky desk. It's white, looks beautiful. I set it up in my home office. Took me about 10 to 15 minutes. And now, while I'm editing my videos, I can stand up, and then I can sit down again. This desk retails for about $300, and for $300, being able to stand up and break up the work, especially while we're all working from home now, I think it's well worth the investment. Next, I want to talk about the chair that you use. And this is a chair that I personally purchased from the company Knoll, K N O L L. And one thing that you might notice, too, especially now that so many people are working from home for such long periods of time, when you sit down, your booty starts to hurt. Now, previously, I had about a $150 or $200 chair from Staples. It was a leather chair. It looked pretty nice, and when I occasionally sat on it during the weekends, it did the job just fine. But now that I'm working from home all the time, I wanted to make sure I had an ergonomic and comfortable chair. So, I picked up this Knoll Generation chair. Now, these chairs are somewhat expensive. Now, the desk was 300, the chair itself ranges anywhere from 600 to 1200 dollars. This specific chair that I got was $800, but it's designed for you to sit on it all day long. And for video editing, when you're going to be sitting a long time, it's well worth investing in the chair. Now, I don't know if I would have spent so much of the on the chair if I had the standing desk already, because then I wouldn't need the chair as much, but it's nice to have both. The next item, and perhaps the most important, is making sure that your YouTube video and your studio has excellent audio and sound quality. I don't know about you, but when I watch videos on YouTube, if there's a video with poor audio, but maybe the filming and the video is very good, I typically tune out. If the audio is great, but maybe the video is not quite as good, I'll still stick around, because as long as I can understand and hear what the person is saying clearly, they've got my attention. Now, I know I'm personally guilty of this. When I first started my YouTube channel, guess what microphone I used? I just picked up a brand new Fitbit Charge 2. I relied on the integrated microphone on the camera, which is probably the worst microphone you can possibly use. In fact, my strategy for making sure you could hear my voice better using an integrated microphone was simply to speak even louder. Needless to say, that technique did not work all that well, and I had lots of people give me feedback telling me that my audio quality wasn't all that good. So, what did I do? Well, I invested in a mid-tier microphone called the Rode NT-USB microphone. I personally purchased this. It retails for about $170, and I personally think the sound quality is pretty good, although you can judge that as the viewer of this video. Tell me what you think about the audio quality of this microphone. With microphones, they range in price anywhere between $50 all the way up to well over a thousand dollars. So, you have lots of different price points for microphones. With microphones, from what I found is if you're investing $170 or even $200, you're going to get a massive increase in quality compared to what you might get for, say, $30 or $40, and even compared to your integrated microphone. But once you start moving up to, let's say, $1,000, yeah, you'll get a slight improvement over what you would get for, say, $170 microphone like what I have, but you get diminishing returns, where the increase in price, at least to me, didn't justify the increase in quality. And when you're spending around, say, $100 you're already going to have a massive step up in the quality of the sound for your videos. When I got my new microphone, I thought I had my sound quality completely worked out, and I was good to go. Unfortunately, that wasn't so. When I first set up this studio in my house, recording videos using this microphone. Hi everyone, my name is Kevin. Today, we are going to look at a new I started getting lots of feedback from people telling me, "Wow, there's a lot of echo in your video, or there's a lot of reverb in your audio. You should really work on that." And I was thinking, "Well, I have a good microphone. Why why is there a lot of echo?" It turns out that the room greatly impacts your audio quality. In fact, I'm in a small basement bedroom in my house, and when you're in a small room, that leads to lots of echo and lots of reverb. So, I didn't notice it initially, but when I went back and watched my videos, I noticed all of this echo. To take care of the echo, I made a few different investments. I purchased acoustic panels for the walls. If you've ever been to, say, a sports hall, a restaurant, a movie theater, you've probably noticed these panels on the wall. Those are acoustic panels, and they help improve the audio quality by eliminating echoes. In fact, if you're building a home theater at home, one of the best investments that you can make to improve your sound quality is to get acoustic panels. To improve my sound quality, I purchased the Prime Acoustics London 12 sound panel kit. It came with a bunch of sound panels that I could hook up to the wall. I went to the Prime Acoustics website. I entered in the dimensions of the room, and then it recommended this kit as a good solution. This kit ran for about $700 for the sound panels, and I also added some corner traps in the room as well. Apparently, it turns out that the most reverb and echo happens in the corner of rooms, and so these traps help capture a lot of that echo, and it results in just cleaner audio. Along with getting acoustic panels for the room, my room has concrete floor. And you probably guessed it now, concrete floor is terrible and notorious for causing reverb. Your your voice just bounces off that floor, and it goes up into the microphone a few seconds later, a few milliseconds later, causing that echo. So, what I did is I invested in a high-ply rug for my studio. And what this helps do is it helps absorb some of that sound as well, also helping reduce that echo. The next most important item is your lighting. Whoa, this lighting looks bad. This is just my room lighting, and yeah, you don't want to use your room lighting, because look at this. This lighting doesn't look good at all. And now, this is what I look like when I have all of my lights turned on. It looks a lot better than the overhead light that you're going to get in a room. If you're just starting out with your YouTube studio, you can use natural light from the window. It's going to look very nice, and it's going to do a good job illuminating your face. But let's say you're in a basement room like me, you're going to want to set up artificial lighting. Now, I think lighting is even more important than the actual camera you use. In fact, here I am on my old iPhone 6 Plus. This is an old camera, but with the right lighting, I think the video quality on this actually looks pretty good. So, I don't think the camera matters as much. The lighting is really what makes the picture look good. The first light in my four-point lighting system is the Aputure 120D II. This is my key light. The full setup, including the light, the diffuser, the stand, all of it cost a little over a thousand dollars. So, it's a pretty expensive light, but the really nice thing about it is that it produces really natural looking light. Now, what do I mean by natural light? Well, it's 5500 Kelvin and that's very close to replicating what daylight looks like. The reason it looks so natural is, well, us as humans when we go outside and we see others and we see other people's faces, it's usually illuminated by sunlight and this comes very close to replicating what sunlight looks like. Another added bonus is you also get a remote, so I can turn the light off and then I can turn it back on and I can switch through. I can set the brightness directly from my remote, so I can look at my camera, see what it looks like and I make it some fine adjustments on here to get the lighting exactly how I want it to look. I have it sitting at a 45° angle to my head, so it illuminates this part of my face. Now, you see that this part of my face is nicely illuminated. What about the other side? to have a lot of shadows and darkness over there. Well, that's where we have a fill light. And earlier I mentioned that I have a four-point lighting system. What that means is I have four lights that make up the lighting for the scene. I have my key light and now I have my fill light. Let's turn that on to see what it looks like. Check that out. It just filled in all these shadows on my face. For my fill light, I use a GVM LED light. GVM stands for Great Video Maker. GVM was nice enough to send me a lighting kit for free for use with my YouTube channel. The thing I really like about these GVM lights is I can control what the color looks like. So, not only is it a bi-color light, here I can adjust it so it's a little warmer or I can make it a little colder. Right now, I'm going to set it so it matches this light. I can also choose different colors. So, say for instance, I want to have, let's say, a yellow backdrop or maybe I want to go with a blue backdrop. Through the app on my phone, I can control what the lighting looks like. And that's something that I love about these GVM lights. I can go on my computer, I can compose the shot, and if I made it if I need to make some tweaks to my lighting, I can simply do so through the app. Along with changing the color, I can also change the brightness. So, here I'm going to go super bright on the fill light, so I can even use this as a key light as well to illuminate my face. The great thing about these lights as well is they come with diffusers that I can put over the LED lights if I want the light to be a little bit softer. I simply attach those to the front of the LED lights. And if I simply want the full power of the light, I can take the diffuser off. Since I'm using this light as a fill, I'm simply going to set the brightness to about 10% or so just to remove the shadows on this side of my face. The nice thing about these lights is they also come with barn doors. So, those surround the LED lights and that way I can eliminate any other spill throughout my studio. So, the light is truly just hitting me and it's not going off and lighting the wall or lighting the background because I want to apply different lighting to different areas of the room. So, these barn doors really help focus the light. These two GVM lights that I have, I have one as my fill light. I also have one as my hair light or my back light. The two-light kit runs for $400. You can also buy an individual light or you can even get three lights depending on what type of lighting setup you want to do. So far, since I've been using these lights, they've become a core part of my lighting system and I would recommend them. For $400, it's a pretty good price for getting some very nice lights that you can control with your phone. The third light in my four-point lighting system is my back light or my hair light. This light helps separate me from the background and once again, this is another GVM light. It's the same as the last one that we just looked at. When I turn this on, you can see now that there's some light on my shoulder. There's a little bit of a halo appearing around me. This really helps separate me from the background. Just like the previous light that we looked at, I can adjust the brightness here depending on how strong or weak I want that back effect to look. The fourth and final light of my four-point lighting system is the Aputure MC. Let's switch this on and look at that. I have a nice blue color in back of me. I use this light in all of my tutorial videos to match the product brand color with my light color in back of me. I recently did a top 16 tips and tricks in Microsoft OneNote. The brand color is a nice purple color, so I threw a purple color up behind me. I think it adds a pretty cool effect. The Aputure MC runs for about $90. It's a pretty small form factor. It has a metallic background, so you can basically stick it wherever you want. Now, one of the beautiful things about this light is I can choose a color and it'll match that color. Here, for example, I have the Aputure app and I'm going to choose a color here on my screen and let's go apply it now to my background. Check that out. This is a color I got from my screen and now the background matches that. How cool is that? So, what do you think? The lighting setup, in my opinion, looks pretty good and I'm pretty satisfied with it. Now, once again, you don't have to spend a lot of money to get good lighting. You can simply use natural light from your window or you can pick up some cheaper LED lights and still get a very nice effect using the four-point lighting concept. Now, all together, the lights that I'm using in my studio, they cost about $1500. So, it's a little pricier, but I think the output and the result looks pretty good. Once again, I've included links in the description if you're interested in checking any of them out. Next, I have a Dell UltraSharp 34-in monitor. It has a resolution of 3440 by 1440. This thing is beautiful when you're editing videos. You have a ton of real estate to see your video timeline. You can also put two windows side by side when, let's say, you're working on, say, uploading your description and you also want to see the video on the other side. This thing is a workhorse. Now, it runs for about $700. I personally purchased this. I had the same monitor when I worked at Microsoft and I liked it so much that I picked it up for my home use as well. Next, I want to talk about my computer. I have a Dell XPS 8930. I bought it about three years ago, so it's a little bit older and it cost me about $1500. This thing has a lot of RAM. I have 32 GB of RAM. I have an i7 processor and it also has a GTX 1070 graphics card, which was top of the line a few years ago. Now, you have a new set of computers out. You have a new RTX graphics card. So, I'll likely look at upgrading sometime soon. The thing I love about this computer though is it handles video editing very nicely. Whatever 4K video I throw at it, it renders it very quickly and I can play the video back without any issues. So, in terms of video editing, this computer works extremely well. Now, I went with a desktop computer instead of a laptop. The reason I like a desktop is you get lots of performance for a very good price. If you're going to get a laptop for a similar amount of performance, you're going to end up spending a lot more money. Next, I want to show you some of the software I use to pull together these videos. Here I am on my desktop and I use OBS as my screen recorder and I also use it to capture my video. Here you can see me in the video right here. I can shift between my video. I can also jump and show my desktop and here you see what it looks like. This is an extremely powerful screen recorder. I use it for all of my recordings on this channel. I've done some dedicated videos on OBS. If you're interested in learning more about how to use this software. The next item that I use extensively in my YouTube studio is my cursor highlighter and I did a video exclusively on this on how to get the cursor highlighter. Luke Boivert pulled together this tool that you can download entirely for free. I've included a link to his website in the description if you want to get this. I've also included a link to my original video that shows you how to get this cursor highlighter. If you've ever done tutorial videos before, you know that helping people follow where you're pointing is extremely important and Luke's tool does an awesome job at highlighting your mouse cursor. Next, I want to talk about the video editing software that I use in my YouTube studio and I personally use CyberLink PowerDirector. They provided it to me for free about a year ago to review and I reviewed it and then I started using it beyond then because I liked it so much. The really fantastic thing about PowerDirector is the performance. When you render videos, it goes extremely fast. When I drop 4K videos into PowerDirector, it plays them without any issues at all. It's just flawless. PowerDirector has a pretty typical editing software layout. Here I see all of my media content. Here's a video that I recently pulled together on how to convert a PDF to Word. I pull in all my video files, any images that I want to include as part of the video, and then I can simply drag and drop them down on the timeline down below. Down on the timeline is where I make all my cuts and where I make all my edits to make sure that the storyline flows. Up here in the top right-hand corner, I can see the final output or I see a preview of my video. Once I'm ready to render it, I simply click on produce and then I'll be able to output my video. Once again, it works very well and I've been very satisfied with this software. PowerDirector retails for about 100 to 120 dollars. They also have a subscription plan which costs less. I believe it's around $50 or so per year and that gives you access to continuous updates over time. The next piece of software that I use extensively in my YouTube studio is Microsoft OneNote. I use this to keep track of all of my video ideas. This is where I brainstorm videos. This is where I put down videos that are in progress and I also keep all of my scripts for my videos in Microsoft OneNote. The thing that I love about OneNote is when I enter my notes on my PC, it synchronizes with my phone, so then I can refer to my phone as I'm filming a video to refer back to my notes. The great thing about OneNote is it's entirely free to use. Finally, I want to talk about the camera, and you might be wondering why did we wait until the very end to talk about the camera, especially when we're talking about setting up a YouTube studio. The reason I saved the camera until the very end is I think there are more important things than the camera. I think the audio is extremely important, and I think with lighting, you can make even an old camera look fantastic. Now, I personally use a Sony a6500. The full camera, the body, the lenses, it ran for about $2,000. The great thing about the Sony a6500 is the autofocus is phenomenal. If I move towards the camera, and then I move away again, you'll see that it very quickly focuses on my face. I have an F 1.8 and a 35-mm lens on this camera, and with that, I get a very nice depth of field. So, you see in back of me, the background's nice and blurry, while my face is nice and crisp. So, I get that through this lens. Along with the camera itself, I also have it hooked up to my computer using an Elgato Cam Link 4K. That runs for about $150, $160, and that allows me to take the footage from my camera and send it directly into my computer. In the past, I would record directly on my camera onto an SD card. Once I was done recording, I would have to take out the SD card, plug it into my computer, transfer the video onto my computer. So, it was a few steps, and it was a lot of friction to getting the video onto my computer. Now, I've eliminated all of that by plugging my camera directly into my computer. The very last item of today that I use in my YouTube studio is a massive green screen. A green screen is very nice when I'm pulling together my thumbnails. I simply stand in front of the green screen, and I can remove the background, and then that's how I create my thumbnails. I can also use it in my videos if I want myself to sit in front of the video footage. A green screen is a nice thing to have, and you can do a lot with it, and they only run for about $50 to $60 to pick up a fairly large green screen. All right, well, we covered a lot of content today in this video. To recap what I think is most important, I think first off, the space that you're using, making sure you're comfortable, and making sure that you have space where you're not going to be interrupted. So, your desk, your chair, having a dedicated space for your YouTube video. The second item that is very important is making sure your sound quality is very good. Invest in a good microphone. If you need to, and if you're open to it, get acoustic panels. You can also pick up cheaper ones online. That'll go a long way towards improving your video quality. And lastly, the lighting makes a huge difference towards the quality of your video. Even if your camera's not that good, your lighting will make it look phenomenal. You can take an old camera and make it look better than most output that you'll see from other people using a better camera because they didn't light the scene that well. All right, well, those are all my steps to creating your very own YouTube studio. If you found this video helpful, and you learned some new things, please give this video a thumbs up. If you want to see more videos like this in the future, make sure to hit that subscribe button. That way, you'll get a notification anytime new content like this comes out. And lastly, if you want to see me cover any other topics in the future, leave a note down below, and I'll add it to my list of videos to create. All right, well, that's all I have for you today. I hope you enjoyed, and I hope to see you next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ozmercyful: Thank you so much 😊
  2. @oes2546: 16:52 I would add to this that it is nice to have a Desktop for heavy workloads such as high res video exports, gaming and other things. Because you can run it all day long, and at max performance continously for longer periods, without having any "bad conscience" about it. Whenever I used to do that on my old high performance ultrabook, I always felt like it wasn't actually really made for it. It god super hot and super loud, and after 4 years of use the battery capacity was almost 50% of when new, partly due to all the heat. A well built desktop on the other hand can sustain 100% workload as long as you like while being just about completely silent (this however depends on how well the machine is configured. But with the right cooler and case it is very possible.)
  3. @CURBSIDECHRIS: love your channel Kevin I've been getting things together the past few weeks to get my channel up and going I'm very exited about it but also nervous . I've been watching all your videos to guide me thru how to use all different software's that ill need . just want to say thanks you are my top favorite youtuber and wanted to let you know how much I appreciate your videos hope you have a great week .
  4. @leocatz: Another excellent well organized and informative presentation. An interesting follow up might be some suggestions/ recommendations for layered or incremental equipment acquisition. Some of your gear is quite pricey and likely many folks would not invest in it unless/until their videos are generating income. Suggestions for prioritizing partial step by step upgrades could be useful. And also how some lower cost substitutions could be used along the way, especially for those of us who have some older gear or can acquire some used gear that may be a generation or two behind. For instance, I have a four point lighting system from the pre-LED days. Or how I might tweak the audio from my mid-grade lav mic with post editing. 

Still, covering all the gear and set up for video production is a huge task... and you did a great job here.
  5. @rapidaction7944: Your audio quality is more than impressive
  6. @Levisione: Awesome vid…I subbed. Thanks for posting.
  7. @seniorsprints: Nice presentation. What is the video settings in Sony A6500. I have it, but I am struggling with the results.
  8. @jessicamoser224: Hi Kevin I've just started looking into your videos I was referred to you by another YouTube or she set up her channel back in I want to say September of say September of 2021 and she says she watched a lot of your videos and that you were a great help to her in setting up her channel and learning how to do YouTube I've been looking into him studying but there's some stuff that I really don't need that doesn't contain what I'm looking for so I'm just reaching out to you to see if there's any way you could possibly just send me a list or point out which Videos for me to build my YouTube channel his channel would be more important For me to learn from. I am a  Self taught nail art enthusiast so I do everything to do with nails Acrylic nails, hard  Gel, ect.  I've started the basics of setting up my YouTube PA YouTube page channel I'm starti'm stuck with trying to figure out how to do thumbnails, A banner and and how to edit my videos and do voice overs also I do want to be able to be monetized iced but I noticed that on the 4 sections where it says what you have to accomplish before you can be monitors it says that my videos have to have a watermark in the lower right hand corner but it can't be animated so I'm a little confused I don't understand that I know it's a lot that I'm asking I was just hoping you would be kind enough to help me and share with me what are the best videos for me to watch on your list so I don't have to try to Pick through them I would greatly appreciate your help if you could please do that for me thank you so very much I did subscribe to your channel so I could please get any new Videos and helpful information I can learn thank you so much for your time and your wisdom. Jess
  9. @stephensuen439: very good and detailed information of how to do it; and it is even better if you can slow down you speech, and give your audience a little bit more time to digest of what you said.
  10. @johnhlockwood: Outstanding video Kevin, very informative. Thank you sir
  11. @dcabrick: Great video!!
  12. @reciebrown4941: Great Video! I am not a YouTuber but I like the Stand Desk and some of  the other items. I learned much from this video! Thanks. 🙂❤
  13. @ishush1100: Join platform that rewards with simple tasks and learn about their app which surely brings you the benefit as rewards while watching Youtube
  14. @thinkerx4068: Excellent. BUT, you seemed to skip over your scripting. OneNote on your phone? Your videos area reasonably long, and it seems nearly impossible that you can retain the continunity we see on the screen without being carefully scripted and using a teleprompter of some kind. You are probably not memorizing it all, or t least it doesn't seem that way. I'd like to know more about your script creation process and methods you use to access that script during presentation--your technique. Even if you rely totally on OneNote. Thanks!
  15. @bipulkrishnosarker: Hey Kevin vi,This was awesome. Thanks a lot.
  16. @SWS_Hindi: Its really a very good Video Kevin, Thanks for sharing us all these important information's
  17. @esmermanubay7664: These are great stuffs, Kevin! Appreciate you sharing all of these. I will watch the rest of your videos so I can slowly implement.
  18. @cyKe69: Latest Version
  19. @cyKe69: i have a alieanware
laptop instead of a Desktop
  20. @SpotlightImpact: Appreciate all of this info! Thanks for sharing!

- How to Light YouTube video using GVM50RS LED: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone kevin here today i want to show you how you can light a youtube video using gvm leds right now i'm just using the overhead light in my room and using gvm led lights you can make it look like this whoa look at that difference this looks so much better when you light the scene properly you could have a fantastic camera but if you don't like the scene properly it's just not going to look that good as an example if you go to my channel and you click on the videos tab and you sort from oldest to newest you could see where i started with my videos and i was guilty of this i had a great camera i just didn't know how to light my scenes and i got output that looked like this when i go back and watch that it just makes me cringe today we're gonna walk through how you can use lighting from gvm to make your scenes look so much better now you might be wondering why are we talking about gvm lights what's so special about them when you go to a website like bnh b h is one of the largest suppliers of photo and video gear and you search for led light panels gvm essentially owns the charts for the best selling lights here we'll go down the list and you see gvm popping up everywhere on the top list and there's a good reason why you get extremely good value here's an example they have a three video light kit for 349 dollars in fact you can even get three lights for under 300 still i have a lot of lights at home why can't i just use those it turns out that most of the lights you have at home are considered warm white what that means is they have more of a yellowish hue or tint to them the reason why lights at home are more yellowish is because it has a warmer feel to it unfortunately though that color doesn't work so well for video the human eye is more attuned to daylight and seeing faces that are lit by daylight and that has a cooler color to it these led light panels can reproduce daylight very well leading to a more natural looking video i was in the market for getting new lights for my studio i originally had two lights but i wanted to create a four point lighting system so i was in the market for two more additional lights when i was doing my research gvm was at the top of my list because they are one of the best sellers and they have such good value for their lights my luck gvm reached out and they offered me two free lights so what do you think i said well of course i accepted them and i've now integrated them into my studio system gvm sent me the 50rs rgb lights you could get a two light kit for 400. they also have a three light kit for 600 maybe once my youtube channel grows a little bit more they'll offer me one of the higher priced kits we'll see what happens so these lights the difference between these and then some of the cheaper lights that we saw on the b h website these are a little bit bigger so you get a little bit more output but in terms of a lot of the functionality like being able to show colors and also being able to run different lighting modes those are similar across the different models what do you actually get with one of these lighting kits well you get a few different items first off you get a nice carrying case that contains all of the light setup you also get some included stands so you could elevate your lights so you could place them high you could place them low you get the led light panel itself it includes barn doors so you can control where the light shines this way you won't have light spilling into areas where you don't want that light to appear you get power adapters and then it also includes diffusers what a diffuser helps do is it makes the light a little bit softer and not quite as harsh there are two different ways that you can attach these lights to the stand you could simply place it on top or you could place it perpendicular to the stand and that gives you a little bit more range of motion for the led light this video is titled how do you light a youtube video and i want to show a few different ways that you can light your youtube video i have a two light kit so i'm going to show you how you can light your video just using two lights in this example i have my key light over to my left the key light is the primary light and that's going to be the brightest light of the set and you can see that's illuminating my left hand side of my face and then i have my right hand side of my face and it's a little bit darker i'm using the fill lights to fill in some of those shadows on the right hand side of my face so i'm just using two lights to do this each light is at a 45 degree angle to me from the camera now one of the nice things about these lights is they are bi-color right now i have them set to 5500 kelvin which is more of a cooler color or closer to daylight but through the app i could control these lights so here for instance i could slide this slider and i can make the lighting a little bit warmer so it's a little bit more yellowish if that's the feeling that i want to communicate in my video or here i could simply move the slider up and i can make it a little bit cooler again or more natural or daylight looking now one thing that i love about these led panels is you're not just eliminated to buy color where you go warm and cool you can also set rgb colors what i've done now is i simply have one light as my key light that's illuminating this side of my face and i'm using a reflector to fill in some of those shadows on the other side of my face so where did the second light go well it's going to illuminate the background let's switch it on and see what that looks like look at that cool effect i can now have a color in back of me and through the app i can adjust the color to whatever color i want and check that out behind me the color is just changing you can do these as well with the gvm 50rs led lights what's cool about these gvm lights is you can also set different lighting scenes they have eight different scenes i'll show you a few of them to show what you can do when you're recording your video let's start with candle here's a cool one called candle where you could kind of have a fireside chat how's that is that kind of cool you see the light kind of flickering in the back of me here we could also have some fun this is what we do at the kevin youtube channel once a day wraps up we could have a party now this was just a quick example of how you can use a pretty inexpensive lighting kit to greatly improve the quality of your videos in this example i had a gvm 50 rs rgb light but there are other lighting kits as well that you can use and i'm sure you'll be able to greatly improve your video if you have a good camera make it look better by making sure that you light your scene appropriately if you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up if you want to see more videos like this in the future hit that subscribe button that way you'll get a notification anytime new content like this comes out and lastly if you want to see me cover any other topics in the future leave a note down below and i'll add it to my list of videos to create alright well thanks for tuning in and i hope to see you next time bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TylerStanczak [9 likes]: This is awesome! Really appreciate the in depth tutorial on lighting :)
  2. @bobbyman410 [1 likes]: Please make a tutorial on how to use Outlook
  3. @yash_surve [1 likes]: bro help me to find my product key  i dont know where is our product key in windows 7 becoz i want to upgrade my pc to win 10 and plz tell how and what is product key  plz i am depend on you bro.😭😔
  4. @jukeman [1 likes]: Is the WhiteBalance on your camera in automatic mode 4:56 it looks like....? Greetings from Germany
  5. @arunimachakraborty8881 [1 likes]: Thanks a lot Kevin...
  6. @NoName-gm9oe [1 likes]: This reminded me of how supermarkets light the meat area.
  7. @americanlostinvietnam: It's a commercial for GVM.
  8. @Madhavi_369: 0:15  he looks very happy ...
  9. @sailingpittsburgh: Hi Kevin.  Can you recommend any software that will speed up an older Windows computer that used to be fast and is now taking a long time to start Chrome and other software?  AVG is saying my computer is suffering from clutter.
  10. @TheHunter-sq1ug: 2:46 Sure hope they do! you did surely promote them well!
  11. @ΚέβινΜάλαϊ-ω7κ: BRO I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS BUT PLEASE GET SOME SLEEP
  12. @rodneyseepersad8930: Kool kev now i have a brighter light of things🌒🌓🌔🌕
  13. @DyahJanie: Hi Kevin, I wear glasses and not contact lenses. Could you pls show the lighting for people with glasses? I got problems with glares on my glasses. Thanks.
  14. @teanawaypeaks158: kevin unrelated to this topic.    Being on lockdown we use visio with screen share and add #'s in circles to identify the steps easier and discuss.    Maybe make a video  on to easily use visio and is there a quick way to label each box within each swimlane  thanks   love your stuff
  15. @VijiS: Nice video
  16. @anirudhsasi6290: Any one noticed!
2:19 !
  17. @jimboyle1201: Your a great teacher... thank you from Maine
  18. @editsmikel7930: Can you make a video on making a yt channel and how you can search for it and it will appear in the search bar
  19. @pratikpatel9864: 👌👌👌
  20. @zanam9160: Nice sharing👍

- How to Create Youtube Talking Head Videos: Kind: captions Language: en If you having a really hard time getting started creating talking head videos like the one that you're watching right now, stick around. And you too, my friend, can also be a content creator. Just hit record. What up, K crew? Kevin Lee here. Today, we are talking about creating talking head videos. So, here's the problem. More often than not, I come across content creators who will tell you just hit the record button. Well, that's all fine and dandy if you're a seasoned content creator. You might be able to just hit record, but I don't know too many content creators today that just hit record and then everything just comes naturally. There has to be some kind of process, some kind of workflow that makes the whole process enjoyable and easy for the content creator. And that's what I wanted to share with you guys today. My process for how I create content, and I actually got to say, it's a very enjoyable experience. As much as I enjoy creating video content, I really love cooking. In cooking, you have a step-by-step process to take a bunch of ingredients, put them together, and make that into a masterpiece, a dish, something that somebody else is going to enjoy. And I take that same exact process and I apply that to creating video content. You take the ingredients, you mix them all up, and you prepare something, a masterpiece, if you will, into something that other people are going to enjoy. I think there's a time and a place to create videos that are kind of on the fly, that doesn't require a process, that doesn't necessarily require a workflow. And there are times when you got to have a step-by-step process, and that you actually have to follow it, otherwise something falls short and you end up making a disaster. When it comes to creating your talking head video, the first step is to start with an idea. So, when it comes to your ideas, you got to ask yourself a few questions. First, what's the goal? Who is this really for? How is the person watching it going to really benefit from watching this video? Like, what are the key takeaways that you want to pass on to the person that's consuming your content? Let your ideas guide your thoughts and emotions when it comes to creating these kind of videos, because if it excites you, then it should excite your audience. And if you have to question whether your audience is going to be down for what you have to share, think about this. It's not about you, it's about your audience. So, if this message is aligned with the kind of things that your audience is about, then by all means, go for it. Share that message. The next step is to write it all down. Now, this is my favorite step in the entire process of being a content creator. Taking your ideas and putting it down on paper, jotting it down, just doing a full-on brain dump. Doesn't matter what it looks like, doesn't matter how clean it is, how organized it is, just get it out there as fast as possible. Sometimes we get so caught up in the technical aspects of things, like your penmanship or how organized everything is. Just don't even worry about it. This first step is all about just getting your ideas out there. So, if you really struggle with writing it all down, just default to who, what, why, where, when, and how. Answer those questions, and you'll start to find that it gets easier to write everything down and to be able to answer those questions and to really start mapping out where you want to go with your ideas. So, let's start with who. Who is this video intended for? If they were sitting directly across from you, what kind of tone would you have to get that message across? Also, you may want to share stories from people who have shared the same experiences as you or as your audience. What? In the simplest summary, what is this? Oh, burp. In the simplest way, explain what this video is about. Is there a problem that needs a solution? Do you have that solution? If there's a value that you want to impart on somebody, if there's a message that you want to share, is there a takeaway? What is it? To answer the how question, for example, how does your solution work? If there is a solution to a problem, how does that solution work? How is that different from anybody else's solution? How is the person who's watching this video going to benefit from it? And then answering the why. What's the goal? What is your agenda? What are you looking to accomplish by creating this video? After watching this video, what should your audience walk away with? How would they benefit from it all? Why should the viewer care about this video? Why should the viewer care about why you care about the video? And these are just a few questions that you can ask yourself when writing everything down. You may or may not get to answer the question. It may not even come to you right then and there. It may come to you later, but just start writing. Now, once you're satisfied with your brain dump, now it's time to really get clear on the overall message. So again, just like in cooking, there's a step-by-step process to take the ingredients, assemble it, and create something out of that. So, let's start with the hook. The hook is your first 3 seconds of your video. It gives your viewer an opportunity to decide if this video is for them or not. It's got to capture their attention and pique their interest. Intro. Got to keep it short and simple. Introduce who you are and what you're about. For example, hey, I'm Kevin Lee. Welcome to the channel. I help brands create really good video content. So, the next step is to tell them what you're going to tell them. It happens in three parts. Present the problem, introduce the false belief or the common misconception, and then finally, introduce your concept. And then the next step is to actually tell them. Start with a story. Tie the conclusion in with your concept, and then hit on your key points using examples to be able to back up your key points. Now, the final step is to actually tell them what you told them. Summarize it. Explain how the viewer is going to benefit from this information you just shared. Follow that up with the call to action. So, if you're working off of a YouTube channel, like, share, comment, and subscribe. Those are the them offline to your website, or if you want them to opt in to your email list, whatever that is, encourage them to take action on the next step. Sign off. Remind them who they just watched and how they can get in touch with you. And then finally, thank them for watching. Now, the next step is to actually record it. So, now that you've written everything down and really fine-tuned your message, now it's time to actually record. And in this video, I'm not going to talk about what gear to use or what recording settings you need to use. I'm just going to explain that you need to get started on actually recording. And how you go about recording is the important part. So, what I suggest here is to record up to three times the entire script from start to finish in different locations. Do a basic talking head video covering all the segments. The next thing you're going to do is you're going to change scenes. Go to a different location. Go to a place that's lit differently, that has a different environment. Go to a public place, and go through your same exact messaging. Changing scenes is going to go a long way because it keeps the visuals appealing. It keeps the audience engaged, and also sometimes the location will inspire you differently and help you kind of shape your message better. So, the next step is to shoot some B-roll. Now, A-roll is your talking head video, your monologue. Your B-roll is all the supportive visuals that help with the overall messaging. So, shoot B-roll of products, services, interactions, activities, environments, anything that supports your concept or idea. When it comes to editing, I'm not going to cover any of the technical aspects of editing in this video. If I did, there's just too much to cover and not enough time to do it all. But, what I will say is do your best with whatever you have at your disposal right now. Do not get too caught up on how powerful your computer setup or your phone is for editing. Just get it done because I promise you, even at your best right now, whether you're a beginner or a seasoned content creator who's a great editor, when you look back at your your project, maybe a year from now, maybe 6 months from now, maybe a week from now, you're going to realize, "Wow, I could have done better." I can tell you that even my most popular video I've ever done that's had the most views, the most likes, the most engagement, was easily the worst video I've ever created. Just do your best with what you're given. Done is better than perfect. Publish it. You just got to get it out there. A lot of times you want to reshoot a lot of your stuff, but if you just publish it, you can always go back and create a new version of that same video that you just created months down the line. You got to just publish it and move on. If you're starting out and you don't really have much of an audience, your personal social media platform is going to be the best place for you to share your stuff. Hey, me again. Uh I just thought about something. So, if you're even remotely shy or bashful about sharing your content with your friends, don't. Don't be ashamed. Don't be bashful. Don't be shy about it. Do it. If your friends really truly do support you, they're going to support you. They're going to go out of their way to watch your stuff, provide criticism, whether it's constructive or not. They're going to help give you the feedback that you need and the support and reinforcement that you need to continue creating content because there are a lot of people out there who are either for you or not for you. And the people who are for you are going to be the ones that are going to help drive you as a content creator or as a brand. So, just keep going. Don't be ashamed. Post it. Share it. Back to the show. So, let's say you publish your video on YouTube. Share that link with all your friends on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, wherever you can where you can get people to go and check out your content. Share it with some kind of call to action. Remind them to like, share, subscribe, and even comment on your stuff because the more engagement that you have, the more likely YouTube's going to share your content with more of its audience. When you post your content up, lead with a question. A lot of times it's a question that's going to be tied to your overall concept. For this talking head video, I would probably lead with a question of, "What is your favorite camera for creating talking head videos? Answer in the comment section below." Doing that creates engagement. That's what you're really trying to do. You're not just creating content just for the sake of creating content. You're creating content for engagement. Now, going even further than just having a discussion and asking for comments and stuff, create activities. Create challenges. Things that take the discussion even further down the road and get your audience involved with what you're currently doing. And finally, assess. You can't improve what you can't measure. I love uploading to YouTube because YouTube has a ton of tools for tracking the progress of your videos. You can see every piece of data that's going to help you decide what the next piece of content is, how you're going to go about creating the next video, and so on and so forth. And if you're producing your content and uploading it to a platform that you can't really measure, then ask yourself, "What did you learn about your last video? What did you like about the process? What didn't you like about the process? How could you do better?" And if you ask yourself those questions after every single video you produce, you're only guaranteed to get better the next time. Creating really good video content doesn't necessarily have to be difficult. You just have to have a process that's easy enough to follow and one that you can recreate every single time regardless of the message that you're trying to share. So, let me know what you think. What was your favorite part of this video? What part resonated with you most? Leave that in the comment section below and share your thoughts. I'm Kevin Lee and I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please make sure to like, share, and subscribe and I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KatieKamala: I love the scene with cooking the pasta for the kids, they are adorable.
  2. @avars1: This is a good video
  3. @gizmoguygadgets: Great video with excellent and actionable tips. Thanks!
  4. @RedSalamanderr: Very insightful 🔥🔥🔥🔥
  5. @jediapostleknight: Great vid bro! What stood out to me the most is, "Done is better than perfect" - that's usually my problem lol! Thanks! Keep it up!
  6. @GeoffRendell1: well done carry on

- How to Film a "Talking Head" Video Using Your Phone by Heather Hukari: Kind: captions Language: en here we go okay you're on heather it's your show okay hi my name is heather hikari um i want to jump right in because i'm so excited based on everything you guys said about video and how you want to make more of it or make what what you're already making better um that is exactly what i'm here to do so i'm going to get right into it i have a presentation i'm going to share my screen and play okay i'm gonna just change my zoom view hi by the way everybody please mute unless you're heather everybody else should be beautiful okay go ahead so today we are going through 10 steps that will help you make a talking head video okay well that's great is it very far from where you're living uh okay okay great all right hi everyone uh mark do you mind muting yourself we can hear your conversation all right how's everything else yeah uh joyce's host can't you mute him everybody is muted now heather on you okay should be good okay you get to hear me okay cool okay so quickly who am i why should you listen to me as joyce kind of mentioned that's my name i've been in this profession for 20 years doing all that variety of video that she mentioned i currently own a video production company in denver called video service hub where we make a variety of videos for all types of different clientele so that's very fun and then a few years ago i created phone video 101 which is exactly what it sounds like it is teaching people the basics of how to shoot and edit video all on your phone because phones are able to do that and do that really well and i just got i don't know just got some passion for uh teaching people how to do it so um that's what i've been doing for a little bit a few years now so i'm going to start with a video that's just going to go through it's me talking so similar to this but just going through some reasons why video is so important i'm sure you guys know that and that's why you're here but let's just solidify that belief a little bit and you'll also learn a little bit more about me as well marketers who use video grow revenue 49 faster than those who don't what this tells us is that video is simply an industry standard if you have any kind of business be it in the form of social media presence or to showcase your products it's just become a must more video content is uploaded in 30 days and major ustv networks have created in 30 years there is just a crazy ton of videos being made and shared are they all good no could they be better yes hence you taking this course right online shoppers who view demo videos are almost two times more likely to purchase than non-viewers if i'm shopping online and there's a little demo video about a product i am very likely to click on it and check that product out and then it's very likely that that will sell me the product people spend on average 2.6 times more time on pages with video including a video on your landing page can increase the conversion by 80 this is a website of a physical therapist practice here in denver he's got this nice little video on his landing page a potential customer can click play and get to know a little bit about jamie a little bit about the practice and finally completely aside from marketing or money making video is a great way to preserve your memories i still love watching my home videos from when i was a kid grandpa and now i have a son myself and i film him all the time my passion for videos started in my early teen years if only smartphones had been around back then when i was starting it would have been so much easier but as it was i had to go the professional route i had to learn how to make videos using clunky heavy expensive gear learn how to edit on souped up computers with professional software which is all great but once smartphones came around and they continue to get better and better i really just fell in love with this medium to make video it's a camera like a really pretty great camera it's in your pocket you always have it anyone can make a cool video if they just know a few tips on how to so i've been teaching people exactly that how to make videos using their phones for the last couple years so video video video it's everywhere let's learn how to make it better video it's kind of a big deal right okay so talking head video that is a very specific type of video we are going to cover today in depth as much depth as we can and 25 minutes uh so a talking video is just what it sounds like it's a video of a person talking directly to the camera the way i'm talking to you right now through this camera on my computer it's framed from about the top of the head a little bit above to the sternum or even the belly it could be just you know a little bit further back even you know i'm not still considered a talking head video this style is really popular on the news it's still the way you see all news whether it's the reporter out in the field or the people at the desk they're all framed about here and they're talking directly to you right and then it's gained even more popularity on social media in the last few years i'm sure as you've scrolled around you've seen people talking to you directly to you through your phone through the camera um you know and presenting a product or just talking to you about whatever topic it might be so why use this type of video talking head video a really good reason and kind of the main reason is to connect with the viewer and the reason this works with for connection is that people really like seeing other real people we like making eye contact that feels good to us on a deep primal level we are born with this desire to look at people's faces this is my son when he's a little bitty baby and you know if there was a face he would find it and he would look at it um loved it you know we had visitors and maybe we shouldn't because it was a pandemic but my family wouldn't stay away so he met plenty of family members and just like took them in you know um even better if you're making a cute goofy face or whatever the case but he was learning through expressions from looking at people seeing the expressions they make the way that they talk that's also how people learn how to talk from hearing and seeing what's going on so even elmo's face he's still obsessed with elmo's face um but that doesn't really go away as we grow up we still really really like and need to look at people and have people look at us too so by making a video this way of you talking directly to a person even though it's not in person is really the closest you can get without being in person right um so it really is a more personal video than a talking head i like to call them face to face videos because it's like i want you to imagine that's what it is you are putting your face in front of another face so you're having a conversation even if it's one way you're still telling them what you need to tell them to get them interested in you or to convey information to them and in a way it clones you because of that because you can't get in front of every potential customer you might have right i mean it's just impossible but making a video of you like the video you just saw of me you know that's on my website so people can watch that get to know me a little bit without me having to you know book a zoom call with them or be in person with them so i like to think of it as cloning you to expand your reach get your face in front of more faces all right so let's go through the 10 steps to make this thing happen and make it look good first thing you really want to know before you hit record ever ever ever on your phone um you want to know what what your content is what are you saying what is the purpose of this video um right you don't want to hit record and just stutter the whole time and and be thinking while you're recording so you want to be really clear what your message is by preparing ahead of time to avoid that stammering and stuttering that nobody really has time to watch you know like people want you to be concise and clear and to the point so i would recommend writing out some bullet points at minimum that you definitely want to cover within this video you could also um write out a whole script we'll talk about that in a second but practice in front of a mirror before you hit record as well in front of a mirror in front of another person if you're comfortable with that it's really a great idea because you want to do this video as though you are talking to another person so getting in front of a person is actually really really awesome but just run through you know your bullet point so that you under so you get your cadence and you can kind of get the feel and the flow of how the video is actually going to go and then if you do want a very specific script you don't want to miss saying anything everything is super important you could certainly consider using a teleprompter app i'm not going to run through how to do that i did go over that in my course in length but this is kind of what it looks like there's an app you can get on your phone that records you and words are rolling up on the screen and you're looking at the words but they're near the lens so it looks like you're looking in the lens you know close enough um people on the news and in a lot of different video settings do use a teleprompter and it's like a glass thing that goes over a camera lens and it's rolling words so they're just reading and they're just really good at looking just reading the words and making it seem like they're not reading um so it does take a little bit of practice to make a teleprompter look natural but it's totally doable and it's really cool to me that they have apps that are teleprompters that is crazy okay so know your content and just so you guys know i know that you're taking notes and that is awesome uh joyce is also going to send you a document that i sent her that has everything listed out too so step by step and all of these points so if you miss something you're still going to be all right you want to know your look a lot of don't know what to wear on camera you know you might just be unsure like oh what am i supposed to wear what's going to help me look better because everybody is a little bit vain and wants to look their best on camera right so i'm going to show you a video it's maybe a couple minutes long my buddy jordan and i made it together he's just going to run through some best practices for what to wear and what not to wear when you get on camera are certain things you want to avoid wearing on camera light pastel colors or beige can really wash you out bright white can confuse the camera as it'll expose for your shirt if you're shooting in an auto mode and that won't make your face look its best and don't wear dark black yes i know black is slimming and everyone loves wearing black but it can add some unsightly shadows to your face and no one wants that in addition to these bad color choices you want to avoid really tight patterns they sort of vibrate on camera or distracting logos which can be well distracting to your viewer what you do want to wear are bright solid colors look up jewel tones on google and pick one of those or if you have a shirt that gets a ton of oh wow that color looks great on you every time you wear it then that's your shirt some subtle patterns are okay like this bird shirt that i wear in almost all my videos speaking of that you want to show off your style too it's no secret that i love birds hence my bird shirt so don't be afraid to be you or at least give the viewers a taste of you and as far as jewelry goes if that's your style then wear it just avoid anything that's going to be really distracting like giant glittery earrings or anything that's going to be loud if you have a necklace that's like always clinking into your lavalier microphone the sound is gonna drive your viewers crazy and finally makeup you may think you need to go all out and wear a ton of makeup but a more natural look is actually generally better think about how you look on a day-to-day basis and aim for that people want to see other real authentic people a little powder can help men and women to cut down on some of the shine that's caused by the lights but uh but i don't actually wear any cause i don't shine [Music] okay that was kind of a lot of tips thrown in there so with that in mind this shirt i'm wearing right now is not a good video shirt this pattern is way too tight i just really like the shirt so i wear it anyway um a lot of times if i'm actually doing like a real video i'll put a sweater over it that's bright yellow and then that kind of cuts the pattern and then i've got that jewel tone but like marla the red shirt you're wearing is awesome that is like a great great video shirt as soon as as soon as you started talking earlier i was like that background that shirt yes that looks looks so good i love it okay so just little things i also um like i have a little section in my closet that it's just video shirts obviously i didn't pick from that today but i've got some jewel toned shirts that i wear a lot if i'm jumping on instagram i do a lot of reels and stuff like that and i just grab one of those shirts because i know that it will look good on me and it takes out the decision fatigue that you get sometimes when you're trying on everything in your closet i don't want to overthink it i just prepare ahead of time and go grab something so next you want to know you're setting and by this i mean what background are you going to shoot this video in if you're just shooting a video uh and it's just you talking and you're the main subject and you just need to get this message across you know maybe it doesn't have to be any particular background it can just be on a plane wall that's fine but if if you can be in a background that relates to your business that's great it just adds a little bit of an element it brings people in with you to your studying and your topic so you know let's say you have a pottery business and you're talking about your pottery like go in your studio so we can see your pottery in the background and get a sense of you know what your day is like and where you are when you're making the pottery you can also create some depth to give your video a more professional look and this is not necessary either but if you can do it it looks really cool i'll show you a little clip here of what i'm talking about if you have enough space to pull the subject away from the background like the shot right now that you're seeing me in then you you create a depth the background extends far behind me i'm close to the camera which creates depth and it gives the video a nice professional look right so like right now my little office i don't have a lot of space behind me i'm really close to the back wall so you know we have some elements back here that are like fun to look at but i don't really have a lot of depth because i can't do that here um but when you can it's just like a nice fun thing to do here's an example video of somebody on instagram that has created something 12 months we generated over 10 million dollars for our clients um and this was you know it just looks nice obviously it's like dated to christmas but she's pulled herself away from that christmas tree and it just like gives it a nice aesthetic feel makes it look a little bit more professional okay next you want to know your aspect ratio okay how are you going to set up your phone horizontal or vertical uh horizontal 16x9 vertical 9x16 is just exactly the opposite right there are advantages and disadvantages to both formats horizontal is the standard still anything on tv um is gonna be 16 by nine you don't really see anything vertical on tv because tvs are shaped horizontally right but it's just it's been the standard for a long time it probably will stay that way for quite a long time as well um so it's a good format for anything that might go on tv but you do have to consider if you're shooting a talking head video horizontally there's going to be more space behind you that you have to fill so here you know he's got his camera his light behind him to give it something back there um but it's definitely empty space that you need to think about right and that's where getting in a setting a background that makes sense helps a lot in that in that way you also have to declutter if you're in an office and you can see the whole office you might have some messy areas you know nobody really wants to see that and it's not going to like make or break the video but you might need to clean up a little bit to just you know make it look nice uh vertical this is super common on social media so anything people are going to watch on instagram to talk if you're texting a video to somebody which is kind of a common thing verticals is the better way there because people are going to be watching it like this you know this is how people watch go through their text nobody texts like this i don't think um so this is a great format for a talking head video because it just it's like it's like made for a person right it's it just fills the screen if you have yourself in there from sternum um or belly to the top of the head so it's really perfect there's not a lot of background to fill necessarily um so it's actually i used to hate vertical because i'm kind of old school and like you know everything was 16x9 but now i'm like oh yeah this format is actually really awesome and i kind of like it now um i will say the the main way you decide how you're going to shoot is figuring out what the final destination of the video is okay so again if it's instagram tick tock uh maybe even facebook vertical if you're texting somebody um if you're going if something's going on youtube your homepage on your website the those should be horizontal okay because that's going to fill the screen better so anything that's going to kind of live on forever is horizontal is kind of the way to go still i will say if you're editing something together if you have that capacity or you're going to learn how to edit you when you're using multiple clips in one video you want them all to be the same format it's kind of jarring if a video is going from filling the screen horizontally and then all of a sudden it cuts to a vertical video and there's black on the side you know or vice versa if you're watching or vertically and then it's filling the screen and then it cuts to a horizontal video in the middle and then there's black on the top and bottom so i you know it's not it's not people are kind of used to that now but it doesn't help your video look more professional to mix formats all right know your framing know about framing this is kind of my favorite thing to talk about is the rule of thirds this is something you may have heard if you've done any sort of photography classes or anything like that anything about composition the rule of thirds is huge i'm going to play a video that's going to explain what that is and how to use it with a talking head video what this means is that you cut the frame into nine boxes by drawing four lines you put points of interest on the lines or at intersections to apply this to filming people keep their faces in the top third here this guy's head is right in the middle box and he just doesn't look quite right he looks too small but move him closer to the camera and up in the frame and this looks much better when shooting vertically you can still use the rule of thirds to frame properly you can add a grid to your phone to use it as a guide start by going to your settings scroll down to find your camera icon click on that and you'll see grid turn it on now go to your camera and you'll see you've got a grid on your screen start by opening your camera app click on the settings icon in the top right scroll down to grid lines and then select three by three i just like to always leave my grid on to help guide me into good framing all right so if that went a little too quick on the how to turn your grid on if you just google how to turn my grid on um on my phone it's very easy it's just in your settings whether it's your iphone settings or your android camera settings just look for grid and that's how you turn it on but it really is helpful to be able to see these guidelines so when you're framing yourself up for these videos you just just remember your eyes forehead in that in that top third and that's going to look more professional fill the frame the proper way so rule of thirds is awesome that's very very helpful okay uh here's an example i pulled off instagram of somebody that's using it really well social videos can literally skyrocket your business right now but only in these two places yep um and i didn't mean to turn her off but what was i gonna say oh okay yeah let me get back to her social videos can lit ah sorry social videos can literally um so you know she's off center a little bit that's fine so we can be in the middle or you could be over here and still utilize the rule of thirds you know it doesn't have to be a center thing so whatever makes the most sense for your video is totally cool there all right let's talk a little bit about equipment that we can add to make our videos even better uh you want to make your video stable okay nobody wants a shaky video i would highly recommend not holding the phone because it's hard to do and keep it steady you know it just really it honestly is here's a bad example of somebody's phone shaking i have struggled asleep for over 20 years sometimes i can fall asleep and other times i wake up at two in the morning and cannot get back also her sound is bad which we'll get to sound in just a minute but it's just like it's not terrible but it's just a little bit shaky it's just moving a little bit and you can tell she's holding it and it just doesn't look very professional you i would much rather see a stable shot any time so here is a video of me showing you some different options you can use for stability a shaky video is a ruined video really there are tons of stability devices made specifically for phones you could get a tripod a mini tripod a selfie stick and add a mini tripod to the bottom to make it a tripod or you could use the rig which adds handles to your phone at minimum have somebody else hold your phone and have them hold it very very steady really your best device for a talking head video is a good old tripod be sure that it's set so the camera is at eye level not too high and definitely not too low imagine you were talking to someone in person who is the exact same height as you and you're looking at them right in the eyes all right and another another quick tip here for stability if you're making video with your phone and you don't want to spend any money to make it look better here's a tip for you grab a binder clip clip it on your phone set it on a stable surface and then put your computer behind the phone to light your face there you go a great looking video and you spent i don't know maybe 10 cents on the binder clip all right so you can get creative to for stability okay you can even set your phone on a shelf against a book whatever the case it just make it stable that's going to go a very long way for your talking head videos okay let's talk about light we do want to make it bright we want to light up the person's face as much as possible and you really want the light to be coming from behind and the sides of the camera i have a ring light on right now if you look at me um if you can see my box if i turn my ring light off it doesn't look as good i just have overhead light but if i turn my ring light on the light is the source is lighting my face that's kind of the point of a ring light so let's look at uh a video here in a talking head video the person talking is the dominant subject so we want to see them very clearly avoid overhead lighting because that can create some harsh shadows on your face ideally you want the light to be coming from behind the camera and just lighting your face perfectly you can purchase little little side lights that go on your rig if you went with that for stability and that can light your face really well you can also get a ring light they're really popular nowadays there's little ones that clip directly onto your phone that just light your face perfectly in a selfie video you can also get a bigger ring light that doubles as a tripod for your phone but if you're not ready to commit to these purchases that's okay you can use a window a lamp the main point is to get some light on your face yeah so i really do highly recommend getting a ring light you see a high one back here because it is a tripod and a light and you're done um so in the document joyce is going to send you i have a link to equipment i suggest and there's a few different options in there price price level wise um i think it starts like 30 bucks and goes up to like 180 which 180 one is bigger brighter has different temperature settings and is cordless which is really nice because it runs on batteries the other ones you have to plug into a usb source which isn't the worst thing ever you just plug it into your laptop if you have that there but ring lights really really are super super useful as you're starting to make videos talking head videos particularly so eat that one okay let's talk about sound we want to make your voice really really audible and the best way to do that is to use a microphone i really recommend a lavalier microphone that's what it's called it's the type that it clips to your shirt let me show you a video of it being in use this first one is a lavalier microphone it's got a long cord a microphone on one end the other end would just plug directly into your camera you've got to have a converter of course if you have a newer iphone i've got this old iphone here so i'll just plug it right in this side goes under your shirt ideally so that you hide the cord it's just more pleasant for viewing clips right about there sternum or lower you don't want to get it too close to your mouth or the sound can get distorted and be too loud so of course you want to do a test before you record for real and make sure that it sounds good wherever you place the mic you want to keep it clear from like jewelry or anything hitting it also if somebody talks with their hands a lot sometimes they can hit the microphone right now you know you're listening to me on another microphone that's not pleasant right i just hit my microphone so you want to make sure that nobody is hitting the microphone while they talk so hands clear jewelry clear that you want that microphone to just pick up the voice really really clearly let's watch a quick example video of somebody using a microphone and not using a microphone a lavalier and see what you think about the difference okay like heather said it's very important to use a mic when you're recording yourself on camera i have this lavalier mic turned on right now let's see what happens when we unplug it all right so the background noise behind this cars dogs people walking by is probably a lot more apparent and my voice isn't picking up as well let's plug it back in with that again my voice should be loud and clear again and uh the background noise is drowning out so big difference right i mean you could barely even hear him without the microphone special thanks to my ex-husband for still being in these videos that he doesn't know that he's still being shown in thanks all right so even if you don't if you have a mic or not do these things too avoid noisy environments try to don't record at a coffee shop with 100 people in there or on the street with tons of traffic going by you want to stay close to the phone if you don't have a microphone um the closer you are the better sound it'll pick up from its little internal mic that it's not super awesome but it's um and then you can speak up on video but you don't want to yell because yelling can peak the audio and also nobody likes being yelled to or at um so a little bit higher volume than a whisper but not so high that you're like making people close their ears and turn or just turn off your video right uh here's an example of a bad a bad sounding video one of the biggest reasons why mac users struggle when they're trying to manage and organize their photos is that they don't have the tip set up properly either they've got photos scattered on different devices not enough storage space on their mac okay so she's using a microphone i can tell that but it's so windy that the wind is getting picked up in the microphone so if you're outside you want to really be careful and watch for any any external sounds that are going to mess up your sounds like your voice is light your face make your voice good those are like the two biggest things you want to do to look good to sound good and come across professionally all right do a test take before you record for real um and by that uh and before you you record anything your test take and your normal take you want to wipe your your lens with a little cloth this is really overlooked a lot of the time but our phones are super dirty you know because we're touching them all the time and stuff and if you have a toddler especially they're disgusting um but yeah if you have some dirt on your lens it's not gonna it might like not pick you up as clearly as it would so just give it a little wipe with a lens cloth or whatever you have um if you're in selfie mode be sure that you are looking at the lens and not the you not yourself on the screen this is a very difficult thing to do when you can see your face right there it's really hard not to look at it so uh a quick video here to show you the difference click ah quick tip when you're making a video for reels or anything really make sure if you're in selfie mode you're looking at the lens not at yourself on the screen do not do this do this the little the little circle the lens on top of where your face is this is where your face is this is where the lens is this is where your face is this is where the lens is look there it's going to improve your videos a whole lot all right and if you want to watch more tip videos like that i'm on instagram at phone video 101 and i make a lot of reels that are in the similar vein um okay so back to that test take um i just want you to record yourself maybe not even the whole script just a little bit watch it back so you can test your sound your light make sure your hair looks good you know all of that stuff because if you hit record and you record the whole thing for real and you're like oh good i'm done and then you go back and watch it and like your microphone was too close and the sound is really distorted you're gonna be mad at yourself because you're gonna have to go back and redo it so just avoid that do a little test take um and then adjust everything anything that you need to do and then um go back and and then you're ready to go okay i'm gonna skip those because we're running out of time okay the last little tip here i have is editing okay um we are not going to go through all of editing because that's a huge topic that i cover extensively in my course because i love editing it's kind of my thing but you want to at least trim off the beginning and end of your clip so i'm going to just play a video that shows you how to do that on an iphone if you have an android it's very similar just a little bit different interface but i'm sure you can figure it out so so i'm going to show you just the basics of editing so that you can trim up the beginning and end of your clip before you post it anywhere so you're going to go into your photos app find the clip you want to edit simon here takes a pause there at the beginning and i want to trim that off because i want it to start with just him talking right away so i'm going to go to edit at the top and then if i just drag this bar here you see these two little arrows at the beginning and end that bar turns yellow and that means it's in trim mode so it'll trim your clip so i can slowly drag this and watch kind of okay that's where he starts talking so i'm going to back it up a little i can hit play to preview hi my name is simon sweet okay that's good and at the end he also has some extra space there where he turns off the camera so i can again drag slowly look for his last word he ends on a smile which is great there we go all right and then you can use this little white playhead to preview just a certain part of the clip the skills the confidence in everything you get from taking the course so highly recommend it great that's exactly what i want i'm going to hit done and you can either save a video as a new clip or if you want to just save over this this version uh you hit save video i'm gonna say it just saved the video because you know i don't need the part of him turning the camera on and off at the beginning and end so now if i come in here to my photos you'll see the clip is now trimmed hi my name is simon sweet i missed at the beginning and then we go to the end everything you get from taking the course so highly recommend it if you want to learn how to edit more add graphics add music stuff like that you've got to get an external editing program the one i teach in my course is called kinemaster i really love it i think there's a lot you can do in it and it's pretty easy to learn to use as well so if you do want to get more into editing i highly suggest taking my course so that you can learn all the stuff about it because there's so much cool stuff you can do hi i'm dr tara and i'm sorry let me go back here so i'll just i'll tell you like not even the whole thing but um just a little clip of a promo video of people that you know utilized editing more so you know what i'm talking about it's a talking head video mixed with music graphics and b-roll which is secondary footage i'll show you a bit of that oh man hi i'm dr tara and i'm dr anna and we help people in parker to get out of pain get healthy and live life at a hundred percent without the use of drugs or surgery we see people every day who are dealing with debilitating pain and other chronic health issues like headaches and allergies unfortunately traditional medical treatment of these issues can often be ineffective or have severe side effects the good news is your pain always has a root underlying cause that's where we come in okay so you they keep going for like 30 seconds but you know that would be that's all done on the phone that is talking head with a microphone a light a tripod um and then b roll and then editing all of that together which is all possible anyone can do it all on their phone you just have to learn how to do it so um but we're getting there right a couple of bonus tips you got to be patient with yourself as you're starting this out um being on camera is scary not everybody is like born to be on camera so it takes a little bit of practice not only the tech part of setting it up and like remembering how to light yourself how to frame yourself all of that but also just being patient with yourself being on camera okay like here's a video i made we're not hi my name is heather i'm a video professional of 20 years okay the video is like 45 seconds i didn't use a teleprompter i just i just you know wrote out what i wanted and kind of memorized it and you know here's my phone role it took me 10 takes to get one that i liked you know and i've been doing this for a long time i've been on camera a lot all of that so you know it's it's not like you're just jump on and it's perfect and you're like oh that was the best video i've ever made i've ever seen ready to go um that's not really the case it's a new skill it's something you're gonna have to practice and being patient with yourself will help keep your frustration level down as you're getting started um and also practicing goes a really long way the more you do it become more comfortable you definitely get more comfortable with the tech part the more you do it whether that's filming yourself filming other people practicing with filming your children grandchildren your pets whatever the case just practicing videoing people more on your phone is gonna get you comfortable with the device and the things that go with it um and then practicing yourself and and getting comfortable looking at yourself on video too watch your videos back and don't harshly criticize yourself you know like get comfortable looking at yourself um and if that's gonna help a lot with your desire to get on camera and your stage fright and all of those things that are you know are common it's not unusual for anybody okay so that's kind of everything i know there are a couple questions in the chat um we have like two minutes but phone video 101 is where my course live this this covers like so much more than what i was able to cover today i've got a special code for you guys face to face will get you um a 250 no wait yes a 250 discount the course is 3.97 uh for you guys it will be one of 47 if you're interested in doing that you can also like email me or dm me on instagram or something like that if you want to talk more about what's in there or want to have a one-on-one with me um to talk about specifically what you might need or anything like that oh yeah that was a lot of talking i'm talked out okay well let's see should i hit some questions joyce or what why don't we stop the screen share so we get back to the whole crowd here and i know that we're now advertised for the hour um so i don't you know people have to leave i certainly respect that but if folks have questions why don't you just raise your hands we have enough people i'd say put it um use the chat use that well go ahead jennifer i see and then also erica i think had a question too so jennifer first um i purchased because my home computer didn't have a camera i purchased another camera in mexico and i'm wondering if you think that the iphone is really a better way to do it or so um i mean you know a real camera is great there's nothing wrong with it there's just a little bit more of a learning curve i think that goes along with that whereas a phone is pretty intuitive because we all use them so it feels kind of like easier to jump in there and learn how to use it as the camera there's less buttons and less adjustments because it does a lot of auto stuff for you which is really nice and it's also just the convenience factor i think because i you know i have a profes i've got a nice camera that i use for professional work a lot but i also use my phone a lot too even for professional work because it is more convenient um it's always with me you know stuff like that so it's definitely up to you you could get great footage with a real camera for sure um if you're willing to kind of go the extra length to learn it and practice with that is it it seems like i had some trouble sending myself my videos to my computer is there like a short answer to that or is that a more complicated thing oh from your phone yeah yeah i mean it depends on what your setup is but i generally airdrop i have an iphone so i can airdrop to my computer if you have an iphone i would look up just google airdrop and learn how to do that it's the really easy way to get videos and photos to other people or to yourself if you have an android or something a google phone or whatever i think you can do like uploads to google drives or dropboxes um there's some different options like that to get yourself i know how to airdrop but i don't think it'll air drop to my computer because i don't have an apple oh yeah yeah then you might have to upload to like a dropbox or google drive or a different place like that and then download from there patrick's got a tip i want to move on to erica and don and dr n and mark go ahead erica first thanks so much heather i really enjoyed this my question is about lighting i've watched videos um about different lighting and i wonder about the ring light and people with darker skin and i'm not sure if you know that in lighting other subjects but i've there was a biracial woman who had done some she's a photographer and she did several videos that i've watched and she's not in love with the ring lights and so i wondered if you had more to clarify on so i would say for skin different skin tones i would get a ring light that has different different temperatures so like this more expensive one and you can just if you're looking at the amazon link it'll tell you kind of if there's a temperature adjustment there but you can get a temperature that's like really light blue like for instance let me change like if you watch my face this is a a more white looking light and i can also adjust the brightness too this is like more blue light this one's more like this is more of a yellow light which is the one i like but you can sort of adjust the temperature for the expensive one you can go like a little like bit by bit so it's like turning slowly yellow to blue to white um and you can figure out which one looks best you know with that person's skin because you're right not everyone has the same skin tone and you do want to you know make everyone look as as good as they can so and also with the ring light there was a question in the chat that i think was direct to me from mark but um he asked about glasses and and um reflection on the glasses that is tough with a ring light um one thing you can do is raise it up higher and kind of tilt it down like mine is right now i don't have glasses so i can't show you but if it's a higher source it might not catch in the rims as much if it's just face on um it's definitely going to catch in the in the rims if you're a person that doesn't need to wear glasses um or you feel okay you look okay without them i would just say get rid of them for the video but if it's part of your personality or you know you you always have your glasses then um you're just gonna have to do some adjustments and like fiddling around um to try to get that reflection off i will also say it's not the worst thing ever to have some light reflection people are really used to seeing ring light reflection um or even just not even ring lights but normal video lights they're normally boxes and if you see a little bit in someone's glasses it just i don't know it doesn't really matter it's like i don't think that many people notice or care um if they see a little bit of reflection so it's not like a make or break situation okay i'm gonna go to don and then dr n don had a question i think yeah i found that i prefer just recording on my computer until it comes time for doing any kind of editing the phones seem to have all the fun bells and whistles are there some nice little editing things that you could just use off of the the videos recorded on our computers yeah i would say check out a website there it's a it is a video editing program that's a browser program it's called in video i n video i think it's dot io if it's not dot com let me look at it real quick and yeah in video dot io um i think you can just do it try it out for free and if you download the video it might have a watermark on it and then if you pay ten dollars a month or whatever um it is then they get rid of that watermark um but it's it's it's a basic editor you know you might have to do some learning on how to use it but you can drop your video clips in trim them up like you saw on the phone you could add transitions or text or music right in there all editing programs have like a timeline that's kind of what you're working on whether it's a phone app or an online editor but you know you get everything in your timeline trim it up move stuff around and then from there export it but i know there's other ones like that but that's the one i have like a little bit of experience with um on a browser that's not like a separate program you have to download and it seems pretty powerful and they even have templates too that you could use you know stuff that's already made for you and you just drop in your own videos and um go from there check that one out you can also just google online video editors and see um you know if there's ones that would suit your needs better okay what about dr and thank you that was good interesting go ahead sir uh thank you heather that was very very illuminating and uh thank you for the inspirational talk i am dated in the work that i have done because i used video cameras and the second thing is i also prefer to have the laptop to use as my teleprompter which has got some advantages because you are definitely reading from a laptop with the camera mounted right just above the screen so your eyesight is perfect a problem with lighting on your glasses i do wear glasses and my way of figuring that out is don't keep the light uh light behind the camera keep it on the two sides have two lamps keep it on the sides so that you get the the reflection point to diane which i wanted to say you can email your images from your ipad to your computer because it uses your email address so you can do it that way one last thing that i would recommend that you consider is regarding clothing i discovered that when i do work with video on my uh on my laptop with a video camera mounted on if i wear red my picture becomes blue when i wear blue where i become uh almost like i'm a cornhusker football fan and red so uh clothing is a very thank you for bringing that point of clothing is very very important uh i do have a slightly darker complexion with just another thing which was made lighting does have some uh effect on the skin that's why i use two lamps not one i do not use phones but still i've learned something today i'm going to try those things thank you wow thank you so kathy would you like to go yeah just real quick thank you um heather my business is skin care and so i like to do demos on video but i always have a hard time like i've got a mirror i've got the light i've got my phone and i don't know where to look and i don't know how to really do you have any tips on how to how to make that the easiest and best so is you you putting skin care on or makeup on yeah um you know i mean it's not something i've done myself um i would just like um thinking about it my initial thought would be to shoot from the side so that you're not shooting into the mirror where you can see the light in the camera but you're shooting your profile um and then you could be putting like if i'm looking at the mirror cameras here i could be putting on the makeup but turn and address this camera blah blah blah blah blah and now i'm gonna do my mascara and then you're here you know and kind of utilize the mirror so they know that you're looking at a mirror but then talk to the camera okay on the side and that'll keep the reflection off the glass and all of that i would try that and see how it feels and looks to you okay i think maybe another thing would be um you could if you could rig it up put a mirror behind your ring light um and kind of look into the mirror but you're also looking right into the camera you know like the camera is part of the mirror or like taped to the mirror kind of right um so they're like right up with you and with your skin which by the way you do a beautiful skin so your product is working thank you very much okay thanks heather appreciate it thanks for all the great questions i think i'm going to turn off the recording here are you sure you wanted to stop

  Top Comments:
  1. @AB-qh7zm: Good

- HOW TO VLOG For Beginners // Tips to make better vlogs & become a SUCCESSFUL VLOGGER on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I think that's better hey guys what is that welcome back to my channel in today's video we're going to talk about vlogging how to vlog vlogging 101 whatever you want to call it basically if you want to know how to vlog then I hopefully share some tips within this video that's really going to help you to get started with your vlog channel or even just implementing more vlogs into your current youtube channel first things first I want to clarify what is a vlog so vlog stands for video a blog you put them together and you've got vlog and I feel like that term is thrown around really busi here on youtube but basically what it means is it's the style of filming that you are using so when you guys see my videos on every Tuesday my camera is on a tripod the whole entire time and that isn't considered a vlog main difference for me is that a vlog is more so behind the scenes content it's telling a story you're holding your camera most of the time as well as the video that takes up a certain period of time like it shows a length of time I guess you could say but it really is like a diary in a sense and it's just the style of filming now if you've been subscribed to my channel for a while then you would know that at the beginning of this year I decided to try out a vlogging strategy I'm really trying with the idea of having one video week be my normal youtube strategies tips tricks and then the other video would be like a weekly vlog or a daily vlog where I want to bring you guys a bit more behind the scenes but even before that I've been vlogging for a while I honestly used to think that vlogging was so so easy and few watch other successful youtubers that do vlogs they make it look easy but let me just tell you it is so so much harder than it look so in today's video we're gonna talk about vlogging blogging tips equipment everything you need to know so grab your notebook and let's get started you want to become a vlogger you do not need the best equipment to get started honestly it really comes down to what you are filming the way you are filming and your personality I watched several youtubers that actually only film their vlogs on their phone so if you where's my phone so if you have a smartphone and you do not have any other fancy camera I would really recommend just using this to film your YouTube videos you can get a great quality visual but if you are looking to get a camera I film all my videos here on this canon eos m50 I'm not one of those youtubers that has a different camera for their sit-down videos compared to their vlogs this is what I use for everything but if you are looking to invest in a camera to start vlogging the one thing I would want you guys to look out for is a flip-out screen you can either have a flip out flip up or flip down screen you just want some things that you can see yourself the first camera I ever vlog with is this one right here and as you guys can see it does not have a flip out screen so when I was filming myself I couldn't actually tell if I was in focus if I was in the frame what was actually in the background so the one thing I would recommend you guys is you do not need to invest thousands of dollars in a camera you just need something where you can see yourself next you will need a memory card of some kind and I would highly recommend that you get a pretty large memory card the one that I mainly use is 128 gigabytes and makes it really easy because I'm never worried about storage and I can film all day long to make sure I get all the shots that I want to get for my vlogs and then the last thing I would recommend but it's definitely not a necessity is a small handheld tripod this one right here I think I paid $18 for but it's really great because I put my camera on it I can hold it out and it helps to just hold my camera but also if I'm going from a spot where I'm holding my camera and then I want to sit it down on my table or something I've got it on a tripod already and it just makes it really really easy so this tripod is great I won't include it in the description bar down below again it's not a necessity but I would recommend it if you're gonna vlog once you've got your equipment then you need to figure out what you're actually going to vlog about and one big misconception especially about daily vloggers is that every day they just pick up their camera and they just film whatever is going on when in reality if you go out a day and you're like okay I'm gonna vlog today but you don't know what you're going to include in the vlog 1 it's going to be all over the place and 2 it's just it's not going to be that great of a vlog so you really need to figure out from the beginning before you even pick up your camera what are you going vlog about now this is something that I really really messed up back in February when I was trying to incorporate vlogs with my youtube channel and I even uploaded a video sharing how uploading vlogs actually lost subscribers for me and it really stunted my growth on the platform for a little while you know I had to accept that that my vlog style videos weren't going to do as well to start out but I'm hoping that in the future they're going to be doing even better and I realized because my YouTube channel is really focused on YouTube tips so I was trying to incorporate vlogs that were more so daily life and I did like a travel vlog where I went to Alabama and I did another vlog where my fiance plugged my day and honestly you guys my subscribers could care less about that content and I had to realize that it wasn't because the style of the videos like it wasn't because it was a vlog compared to a sit-down video cuz because of the topic so now my vlogs all relate to the business of YouTube behind the scenes and it's still really focused on my main niche one person that I really look up to in terms of vlogs is Sara's day and if you guys have not checked her out before I really really recommend it but she started her youtube channel based off of health and fitness and all of her videos are vlog style but she knows that her main Miche her main topic is fitness and health so within every single one of her youtube videos even though she's vlogging her daily life she tries to incorporate a workout or a recipe and it sticks to her niche so that the people that are subscribed to her channel are honestly interested in every single vlog that she uploads so before you even get started I really want you to figure out what you're going to vlog about and brainstorm some ideas that relate to that so one thing that I do is I take a look at my calendar and I'm like okay what is coming up that I can vlog again one of the days I had two podcast interviews in a day and I was like okay I can turn this into a vlog because here's the thing vlogging is really behind this seems content guys that's one thing you really need to remember it is behind-the-scenes content it's bringing people along on your daily life and showing them things that they probably wouldn't see unless they were a fly on the wall so you can take a look at your calendar and say okay this day I'm doing this and that could actually turn into a good vlog it's an easy way to come up with content now it's time to start vlogging but like I already said you don't just want to go into the day and say okay I'm going to vlog today you more so when I have a plan so that you're not just spending all of your time sitting watching TV or doing laundry and you don't actually film any of the interesting stuff you want to have a general idea for the vlog or even a title already in mind so one of the blogs that I actually just recently filmed that you guys are gonna see here shortly is me struggling to learn Final Cut Pro oh my god you're really embarrassing myself I mentioned in a few videos that I was looking to invest in Final Cut you guys let me know that they're doing an ID a free trial so you signed up for that and I said okay this vlog the main focus is going to be me trying to learn Final Cut Pro but that wasn't the only thing that I wanted to include in the video because if you are filming a day in the life or if you're filming a week in the life there is so what's so much more that goes into it and to make it an interesting ball you need to include multiple scenes a key thing that you have to remember with vlogging is that it's all about telling a story honestly guys this will change your life when it comes to vlogging you are trying to share with your audience that you're doing certain things throughout the day so let's say you said okay I did my laundry I made myself breakfast now it's time to like shower and get ready for the day but you don't actually show any of that you're missing out on an opportunity to not only set the scene for your vlog but also tell the story of your day so one thing that I like to do I mean obviously right now I can't go to coffee shops and I'm not gonna go to a store for absolutely no reason so just sitting in my car but I wanted to share with you guys that my journey to even getting into my cars starting my car it is part of what I want to show you guys in my videos because it helps to tell the story now you may be thinking did she really just get in her car and drive to a random parking lot to film that scene and the answer is yes guys because it's all about the story but also b-roll shots are your best friend you will notice that even in these videos where I'm doing more so a sit down talking video I include a lot of numeral scenes and other different clips on top of my general just here's the talking the script of the video I include a lot of different clips because it makes it interesting and one thing that a lot of people get caught up on is thinking that they're just like daily life what they do in a typical day is boring when in reality what's boring to you is interesting to someone else and I seriously want you guys to write that down what is boring to you is interesting to someone else for me if filming a YouTube video or even just taking an Instagram photo it's so natural to me and I don't think that it's interesting for a vlog when in reality one of the questions I get asked all the time is how I take and edit my Instagram photos and that's content that you guys actually want to see and if I just got stuck in thinking oh this is boring everyone knows how I take instagram photos or people take their own Instagram photos like this isn't good content I would actually be holding myself from the content but you guys really want to see and the key thing you need to remember is that vlogging is going to be awkward if you are doing it in front of other people if you are doing it in public even if you're doing it by yourself at home it is awkward and it takes some time to get used to but the other thing is you may notice that when you're vlogging it seems like things are a bit unnatural and I really think one of the secrets to vlogging is making something that is a natural to film look very natural in the editing process so I want to take what seems like a relatively simple scene filling up my water bottle and share with you guys how I would really film this first step in the process find good lighting honestly with a vlog you can get away with not having perfect lighting all the time but I do have a big window light here and I'm just gonna use that for this scene but you want to share step by step what you're doing to get to the final product so for this first thing I'm gonna do unscrew the top then you got to move the camera around again and one thing that I love to do guys is change the perspective so I am going to to set the camera down this is just like the true what vlogging really is like man I actually filled this up too much trying to get that second angle but I just also had this angle so where can I move my camera let's hurry move it over here so in reality filling up my water bottle would have taken me much less time than it did to get all the clips that I wanted to do and it's not natural when you're doing it but when it comes to the final edited piece it looks freaking good but honestly that little clip would have been nothing without the music so this segment of the video is sponsored by epidemic sound it is the platform that I use to find all of my copyright free music here on YouTube as well as I use it on my IG TVs as well but the really cool thing is all of the music that I included within this YouTube video I actually created an album with epidemic sound so you guys can get access to the same tracks that I love and use it in my youtube videos so if you're really struggling to find the perfect song that fits your vlog definitely check out epidemic sound and more specifically take a look at Katherine's V world beats because I'm sure there's going to be songs in there that you're going to like but thank you so much Stephanie sound for sponsoring this video if you guys want to give it a try you can try it out with a one-month free trial using the link in the description bar down below I just want to share a couple of other tips with you guys when it comes to vlogging I feel like there's so so much that I can share and so much that I can include in this video but let me just give you some basic tips that I think you need to know the very first thing is a mistake that all youtubers and vloggers make a beginning and that is if you have a camera that has a flip-out screen and for me and my screen is over on the side but a lot of people will just look at the screen and they will not look at the lens or even if you're filming on your phone this little tiny dot right here that is the camera and that's where you need to look and it is so easy to look at yourself and want to fix your hair when goes my hair is frizzy because the rain outside it is so so easy to do that but it's gonna end up being a not as great video the only reason you need to look over here is when you are setting the shot and making sure that you are in focus the second thing I need my camera for guys no one likes shaky footage if you have got a shaky hand a shaky arm the easiest thing you can do I'm gonna show you right here I just rest my elbow on something and then I hold my camera and it makes it a little bit study or guys honestly that's why I really really recommend having a tripod it makes it nice when I'm moving from a scene where I am holding it and then I want to just set it down because my arm is shaking already on a tripod it's really easy to set it up and I'm good to go to continue vlogging another really really great tip that I have for you guys is to mix up your point of view so there's two different ways that I like to look at it the first way is as if you guys were actually looking at me if you were in the room with me what would you be seeing if you were looking at me compared to what you would be seeing if you were me so you may notice that in all of my vlogs I have some scenes where I am holding the camera facing towards me just like I am now compared to when I'm facing my camera on something else and I'm showing you exactly what I'm seeing it helps to change the perspective for your viewer as well as really put them in your shoes which is what they want to do if they want to watch your vlogs and I've shared this tips so so many times on my youtube channel but honestly what you really need to do is watch your favorite vloggers and figure out what they're doing within their vlogs that make them interesting and keep you coming back for more it's gonna be one of the best ways for you to realize this is the shot that I can include in my vlog or maybe I really love a lot of b-roll scenes and also talking and here's a cool transition it's really just going to help you to better understand how you can improve your vlog so definitely watch other youtubers it's going to help you a lot but if you guys like these tips make sure you give this video a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel it really does help to support me I'll see you guys back here on Tuesday with another video and on Friday with a vlog hey guys what am i I cannot talk today girl get it together okay hahaha I need to get my life together I can talk woo Catherine I'm like rambling and not on focus here I need to get on focus

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisPrince-e5b [69 likes]: you got me inspired. what video editors you suggest? im using movavi
  2. @jorell222 [1 likes]: Best video I’ve come across for vlogging tips. Thank you ❤
  3. @Maybehally [1 likes]: 2:19 those who think it needs a little tripod 🫶🏻
  4. @THE_MICHELLE_ALEXANDER [1 likes]: watching this in 2025 because I have finally found what I want to vlog about. very helpful video. Thank you.
  5. @KeepingItSweetWithSweets: As a woman in her 50’s, and after years of wanting to start YouTube. I finally took the plunge in December last year. I have found the super slow progress tough. I literally film my life. I wanted to try a vlog and wow….. it’s super difficult! I have realised that my life is dull 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  6. @Whizz5: Thanks for this it really help
  7. @hangh-g2z: This made my day better.
  8. @PaulaSmith-p6f: This was super helpful.
  9. @YếnPhươngPhùng: Great choice of topic.
  10. @catchandchill96: I never know what to film any tips for learning that
  11. @rafaelasilva-f7f: So much value in this one, thank you!
  12. @lemonhashopesanddreams: 💛
  13. @Eclipses915: I mainly done gameplays and TV updates/videos stream on twitch but I want to venture out to other content like vlogs or something I just don’t know how
  14. @zahrarafiq12: I am looking from Afghanistan ❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @Iam-donald400: I am a vloger but still perfecting. ❤❤
  16. @BusiMakwa-Msibi: Chat GPT recommended your videos as I am starting to vlog, thanks for the tips. Here we go, I am so nervous.
  17. @mimaArtistryy: Great
  18. @MrNurkahn: I am from the Philippines.....i am started to vlog my dailylife...
  19. @SERRATATV13: What do you edit with ?
  20. @Katinalioness: Thank you!

- How To Film Better Vlogs! // Advanced tips for vlogging (camera settings, structure, & transitions): Kind: captions Language: en hello guys what is up welcome back to my channel are you ready to talk about vlogging because i am so freaking ready for this if you guys have been following my channel for a little while a little less than a year ago i uploaded a video talking about how to vlog and just some vlogging tips for beginners and before i decided to outline this video i watched that video and it's so good i shared so much information in there and i really wanted to use this video as a way to share more advanced tips that i didn't share in that video as well as things that i have learned since now i have a vlog channel at the time i was just vlogging on my main channel and i was filming like one vlog a week but i feel like i didn't have that much experience to really give you guys the best advice so now that i've been vlogging four months and i did vlogmas where i vlogged every single day for 25 days i figured i've got some new tips to give you guys some things that i've learned that have just taken my vlogs up a notch we've got a dog coming in hi do you have any vlogging tips that you would like to share okay let's get into it we live in a world where short form content is absolutely killing it right now and to keep people's attention it's kind of hard it's really it's highly likely that people are going to click off your video especially if it's boring and if you want to have a good audience retention rate then you need to think about the structure and the flow of your video so one of the most basic structures that you can fall back on at any time and something that i really like to do within my videos is to have a scene where i'm talking just like this typically i'm more so actually holding my camera and talking to it and then flip to a b-roll scene with music then back to talking then back to b-roll this helps to give your audience a break when it comes to watching your video it keeps them interested instead of having a whole video that's you talking or having a whole video that's just b-roll it keeps their attention but also it helps to tell a story vlogs are all about the stories and one of the things i like to remind myself is that it's not about the finished product it's more so about the journey so let me give you an example during vlogmas i did a ton of house projects and one of the things i did is i hung curtains in my master bedroom as well as in my office here and when i was hanging them in my office yeah i could have included just some cute b-roll of me doing like just like a little time lapse of drilling into the wall putting up my curtain rod putting on the curtains all of that stuff but you have to remember that's boring okay you got to keep people interested that was amazing instead of just making it seem like oh this was perfect and so easy guys i cut my finger twice handy woman catherine uh slit her finger i got my drill bit stuck in the wall it was going pretty well until i got like my drill bit stuck in the wall and i was seriously struggling to get this curtain rod up there but i got it done and i filmed the whole entire process because it is more about the journey than it is the finished product and with that brings me to the next tip which is to over film film literally everything if you are doing let's say meal prep guys before you're prepping all your meals or all of your lunches or whatever don't just show you cooking show you creating your grocery list show you going to the grocery store and then show you cutting chopping cooking doing all of it make sure you over film as much as possible and you film every step of the process because what you can do while you're editing is cut things out it's not like you film two hours worth of content and you're going to create a two hour long vlog no most of my vlogs that i film are typically around like an hour and a half worth of footage now that does include time lapses so let's say i've got a 30 minute time lapse that i filmed that's actually going to be cut down into like 30 seconds if you over film guys cut out whatever is boring but it gives you more of an opportunity to form the vlog into a good and interesting vlog compared to not having enough footage and then you've got like four minutes worth of good content and that is way too short of a vlog so while we're on the topic of filming let's talk about some filming tricks some things that i take into consideration because vlogs are not the same as like these videos in my opinion they're difficult in their individual unique way and you can make a vlog as challenging as you want to make it and you can make a sit-down video as challenging as you want to make it it's really up to you but with vlogs let's just first start with your camera gear equipment all of that stuff so i recently got this camera which is a canon m5 this body style is going goodbye that's why i ended up getting it because it was really cheap on black friday and i was like heck yeah then i got a second camera for vlogging but camera i would really recommend to you guys is the canon eos m50 that's what i'm currently filming on it's a great beginner camera it doesn't cost that much yes it's still like 650 dollars but it's cheaper than some other options out there and it's got a flip out screen over here you can interchange the lenses and you can also put a mic on top so my next tip for you guys is to get a wide angle lens this is the canon 11 to 22 and this is a really really great lens i thoroughly enjoy it so let me actually turn this on really quick and then i'll just show you guys exactly how wide this is like if i hold these two side by side this one is significantly wider and i do need to fix the exposure on it because the exposure on this one is so dark under this one having a wide angle lens helps to get better shots as well as you can have the camera closer to you and it doesn't cut out as much compared to if i was holding this camera this is a little too up close and personal in my opinion so if you're in a tricky spot and you don't know where to set your camera you can actually set it a little bit closer to you instead of having to get a tripod and set it up farther away like if you are doing that kitchen prep and you only have so much room on your counter having a wide angle lens and your camera on your counter is probably fine and then another thing in terms of your gear is not a necessity but i do think it is a nice and one of the cheaper investments that you can make for your youtube channel is to get a microphone on top now i know that there's a lot of vlogging cameras where the flip out screen flips up and if you do have a camera like that then you can't have a mic like this but there are some mics that just like stick out on the side so you guys may want to look into those options but this is the rode video micro it's not that expensive i think it's like 60 bucks 70 bucks maybe it's easy throw on you don't even need to think about it like it doesn't require batteries anything like that the one thing i will say is if you are traveling a lot or if you're throwing around your camera a lot two problems i realized i ran into when i was doing my trip to la i was having microphone problems because i had my camera on a car mount i'm holding it upside down because that's how my car mat works and it was bouncing bouncing a lot and here in the back guys this thing if i actually let me take this out this can unscrew back here and if you are noticing that you have sound problems that may be unscrewed or if you take this dead cat off in there that can also unscrew as well so just pay attention and make sure that everything is fully screwed in that your cord also is plugged in fully in the back of your microphone and then also on the side but that's just a bonus little tip you don't need a microphone you don't even need a fancy camera if you want to get started on your phone that's fine but i would recommend the canon m50 some of the other things when it comes to your camera your settings okay i personally like to use auto exposure when i am vlogging with a little keynote here okay if you use auto exposure let me actually we're gonna jump to my vlog camera and i'm gonna show you exactly what i'm talking about okay so this is me we are in my office right now do you guys see how dark my kitchen is i'm just gonna run over here auto exposure it caught up to me do you see what happened there so if you do not have auto exposure on actually let me change it and then you guys can see so this is currently manual exposure i think that's like about the lighting that i would do in here but then if i went to walk into my office it's obviously gonna go up and i'm gonna have to stop drop my exposure down way down way down way down way down until it looks good and then i can continue vlogging again which is not bad if you are more so i'm gonna say an advanced vlogger a professional vlogger because when you are changing rooms or changing scenes then you can stop fix your settings and then keep going but if you are more so i just want to be in the moment i want my camera to do it for me auto exposure is going to be your best friend okay so how the heck do you set up auto exposure great question this is currently my canon m50 and if you click this info guys you're going to get more features on your screen so i like to click my info until i get this now it's currently set up on manual exposure but if i click that icon right up top i can click here auto exposure okay and we are good to go it's on auto exposure if you want to switch it back click the little icon manual okay and you are good to go but even with auto exposure an extra tip for you guys when you are switching rooms like that wait for your camera to catch up before you continue talking yes you can talk the whole way through the scene and it's going to be fine it's not a big deal but if you want your vlog to flow a little bit nicer wait for the lighting to catch up and then keep going along with that is your color settings your picture settings on your camera now with this camera right now when i'm filming a sit-down video i have it set on a custom color setting and i will adjust it based off of where i am filming in my office if you are vlogging and you're in the moment and you do not want to worry about the coloring going from really blue to really yellow set it to auto and make your life easier but let me show you again what it would look like if it wasn't set to auto so this is currently set on auto exposure but not auto coloring correction type of thing so i'm going to go like i would be going to my garage to get in my car and as you guys can see this is so incredibly yellow so what i would do i'm gonna stop my camera right now and then i would switch it to the coloring that looks good with this lighting and then i would keep going on with my scene so i've got my camera on auto white balance which is again the coloring that we are talking about if i go from that lighting now it's gonna be blue for a little so give it a second and then this is what it gets to now i'm not gonna lie my camera took ridiculously long for the coloring to switch over here but this is on auto white balance so it works with your other lights that you have in your house and it may not be perfect but it's a little bit easier if you don't want to just keep messing with all the settings on your camera same thing when it comes to white balance how the heck do you change it so on the canon m50 if you click on menu we are currently on the camera tab if i scroll over to three white balance is right there and i can toggle between whatever ones i want now what i have set up and i don't remember if this is within the settings on the camera already or if you have to set this up because i did customize some of these but if i just click on the flash icon right here then i can switch between whatever one i want which actually makes it really easy access so if you want to not use auto white balance and you want to customize it based off of your scene definitely have this set up check if it's already set up i really i don't remember guys all of that auto stuff is great when you're running around doing everything that you're doing but what i will say if you guys want to do a time lapse this is a mistake that i made so many times when i was getting started i had my camera set on auto exposure and i would do a time lapse and then not because of the clouds in the sky just because my camera was trying to figure out its life my lighting would go really really bright and then really really dark really really bright really really dark and then i couldn't do it in time lapse format because it was just like this strobing effect when i made it fast and it was an absolute disaster so set your camera into manual exposure when you are doing a time lapse especially if you do not have a cloudy day it's going to make your life a heck of a lot easier and then also if you set it to custom white balance for your coloring guys that's going to help you so it's not going to go from cool tone to warm tone to cool tone to warm tone you know it's just going to be flat and it's going to make your time lapses look a heck of a lot better okay enough running around my house testing out different settings and stuff let's talk about the content what you are actually going to film so my very first tip for you guys is to stop telling your audience what you're going to do and just start doing it and this is something i'll fully admit that i still struggle with to this day and the most cut out scene that i delete from my vlog footage is when i say okay now i'm going to run to the grocery store okay now i'm going to do this it's like catherine i don't like no one needs that if i'm going to be showing my audience that i'm doing my laundry i do not need to tell my audience before i start doing my laundry that i'm about to do my laundry you know so show people what you're doing and then that leads to a better transition as well and if you're struggling with the general flow of your video i want you guys to keep top of mind the last thing that you filmed and even if you don't remember go back to your camera take a look at the last thing that you filmed and then figure out what the transition is going to be now it doesn't have to be like a beautiful tic toc transition anything crazy happening here i'm just talking about going from what's the last thing you found a b-roll scene does it make sense to have a talking scene does that make more sense to go from that b-roll scene to a different b-roll scene like how can you make it flow all together and while we're just talking about this you guys know i love the word but so like now yeah i love those as transitions but another thing that i cut out of my vlog so much is when i say now or so i cut it out a lot you don't really need those transitions especially if you just had a b-roll scene and now you're going to talking you can just go right into what you're saying you don't need to say okay i just finished i drove home now i'm home it's like if you're already home you don't need to tell your audience that you're home and another trick with that when it comes to your sentences and i know this sounds kind of weird you remember how i was saying even if you have auto exposure on or if you don't have auto exposure on when you get into a new room and the lighting's changing wait for it to change before you keep talking one of the things that i really like to do is i'll start a sentence somewhere and then i'll end up finishing that sentence somewhere else okay and it doesn't have to be anything really complicated like i didn't appear in another room magically but it actually fit with the flow of the video so whether that is your camera is on a tripod and then you move to handheld or let's say that you walking into a new room and the lighting isn't great remember the last thing that you said and the next thing that you want to say to keep the sentence flowing it adds more interest in your video and you'll also just look like a professional vlogger do you guys see how incredibly dark it is getting in my office i've just got a few more tips to give you and the sun is playing with me here but the next one vlogs are not meant to be perfect okay vlogs are a great way to connect with your audience they're a great way for you to appear as a real human being share your mistakes don't keep filming the same scene over and over and over again until you get it right if you mess something up with your words keep rolling like acknowledge it fix it and keep rolling you don't need to keep refilming the same thing over and over again to make the vlog good actually people are going to more so connect with you when your vlog isn't perfect but along with that guys vlogging is going to seem really really awkward when you're first getting started it just is i don't think it's natural to hold up a camera and talk to it like i have been doing this for four years at this point and it's become a bit more natural to me but even when i don't vlog for a week and then i go back to vlogging i will notice that i'm more caught up and i trim myself up in terms of what i'm saying and how i want to say it and uh i get camera shy i 100 do so if you are brand new to vlogging you're like i just feel so awkward i feel uncomfortable the more you film the better you're going to get and that's just a good tip when it comes to getting comfortable in front of your camera film videos that you never plan on even editing videos that you never plan on uploading just keep filming and the more you film the better you're going to get i will say during vlogmas i was the most comfortable i ever was with my camera every single day i was picking it up and i was talking to it compared to now i film two times a week and even then some days i feel a little bit weird so if you notice that you feel weird push through it keep filming and possibly just film more videos that you never even plan on editing but that is going to be it for this video it is seriously getting dark in here so i gotta go i hope you guys got something from this video you took some tips out of it if you did give it a thumbs up subscribe to my channel down below and i'll see you guys back here on tuesday with another one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @VoxAtelier: OHH MYYY.... I just checked my rode mic... Was it unscrewed? yes. I had no idea it could do that. Well 😅 glad I was paying attention to the video.
  2. @joushedits1054: this girl need an nd filter. it would be a great addition
  3. @AngelReading_11111: What app do you use edit your videos?
I've been wanting to start a reading vlog for a while now
But I do not have a camera is it possible without a camera? 
Thanks in advance
  4. @alexndinguri6212: you are very beautiful
  5. @fredespoir: Thanks 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
  6. @doyalin5548: lots of thanks! These are all useful tips!
  7. @LifeTrod: Value. Thanks for your work.
  8. @CandidKaushik2507: Wow... I am just MOTIVATED 🔥🔥
  9. @motherhoodwithangie: Amazing
  10. @neverbackdown.6700: Camera Canon 600d model ????
  11. @businesseducation3235: good
  12. @ColbiCheri: Thank you for the helpful advice. Your videos are always quite beneficial. When I originally started my channel, you were one of the first people I watched to learn more about being a content creator.
  13. @eastzhang7511: You are amazing thanksss
  14. @myaussiefamily5747: Thank you for this video hoping I can use your tips to improve my videos 😍
  15. @DarrenThompson: Very good video; nice to know we can stick everything into auto initially whilst we are working out what we are doing and still have something good enough to upload! )))
  16. @cheryltauer8324: Lets go
  17. @amigo_overland: AMIGA 🇲🇽🎥❤️ … Great INFORMATION. I will practice more and to continue recording even I make a mistake hahahahah
  18. @FortheLoveofCycling: Great. Thank you.
  19. @NiinaSKlove: I really appreciate how to the point you are. It makes things so much easier to follow, and this video is super interesting! 😊😊😊
  20. @fil-amcouplevlog1154: Thanks for the information 👍

- If I Were Starting A YouTube Channel Today // 15 things I wish I would have known getting started: Kind: captions Language: en so you want to start a youtube channel well there's a ton of youtube videos out there that are going to walk you through step by step the process of creating a youtube channel and this this is not that video i already have a video that gives you more tips of starting a channel but specifically today i want to talk about what i would do differently if i was just now getting started on youtube in 2021 because this channel that you're on right now i actually created at the end of 2017 and then i created a vlog channel in 2020 but i've been on youtube for a couple of years and i notice my mistakes i've had to make adjustments as i go and if you just want to get started the right way i want to give you some tips on what i would have done differently especially if i was getting started right now so the very first thing that you're probably already thinking about if you want to get started with a youtube channel is what the heck is going to be my channel name when i first got started on youtube i mean my whole brand in general was known as the content bug and i did that specifically because i was afraid of anyone finding my brand i didn't tell my family i didn't tell my friends and i didn't even use my real name i went by kath so that no one could find me after a couple of years i decided to rebrand and obviously my channel name is now catherine manning but if you're first getting started and one you want to create a name that has nothing to do with your own because you don't want anyone to find it i really want to challenge you to think beyond that because for most people just having your name as your channel name is a really really great place to get started but another thing you can think about is what kind of content are you going to create and you can create a channel name that relates to that and one example that i really like to use is lore diy freaking amazing channel name because with the name you know exactly what kind of video she's going to create on her channel so really this is like a two-step process you need to know what content you're going to create so then you can create your channel name but i would highly recommend just going with your name if you're gonna come up with something unique do your research first google it look it up on youtube just make sure you do your research and really think about what name you're going to use because again with me when i got started with the content bug i just googled it to make sure that no one had that domain and that no one was using that brand name and i didn't really die further when you googled the content bug i mean now you're gonna find a lot of stuff that relate back to me but at the time it was all negative news articles and things because content really relates to digital marketing and a bug within digital marketing is like a negative thing it's like a virus so do your research first i would recommend going with your name but since i already mentioned your niche let's talk about what videos you're going to create on your channel because when i first started this channel i was all over the place guys i was creating videos about anything and it was digital marketing so i was talking about pinterest instagram blogging because i was mainly a blogger at the time i was also talking about personal development and how to create a better life for yourself and then randomly i threw in a video like what i would give for christmas yeah i was all over the place and it really stunted my growth on the platform from the very beginning so what i would recommend for you guys is think about what niche you are going to really try to establish yourself in but more specifically what videos do you want to create and what videos are you passionate about if you're just creating videos because you know it's gonna make you a ton of money on youtube you're gonna end up burning out and you're not gonna end up liking the box that you put yourself in but with that being said don't niche down too hard and i know that sounds shocking coming from me because i've created so many videos on my channel talking about how to use the algorithm and grow on youtube and one of my tips is always to niche down and it's true that's what helped me to grow but i wish that i wouldn't have niched down as hard as i did because it put me in this little box and then youtube would really only recommend those videos for me more specifically what i would recommend for you guys is think about what your audience would want to see from you like what is the audience that you're trying to attract so for me my whole brand message is create a life you love doing what you love and yes that relates back to getting started on youtube if you want to be a youtuber and making money with youtube so that you can have a career that you love because i truly do love my career but there's so much more that goes into creating a life you love and that's what i'm really trying to branch my channel too but like i said i put myself in this little box and i'm trying to get myself out of it so really think about your audience and what videos they would be interested in and just come up with a broad niche that you can stick to if it helps you think of three main topics for your video so this is the first thing that i did when i started a niche down on my channel i came up with three main topics that i wanted to talk about and at the time it was blogging pinterest and how i did certain things how i did certain things ended up turning into me talking about youtube and really all of the videos on my channel relate back to how i've been able to do things that i can show you guys exactly how you can kind of recreate it for yourself but that brings me to another point when i first decided to niche down to digital marketing i obviously wanted to find other youtubers that were already paving the way and killing it in the area that i wanted to be killing it you know so specifically i was talking about blogging tips and pinterest tips so when it came to blogging i really looked up to alison lindstrom and i would take a look at her most successful videos on her channel what were the titles and the topics what were her thumbnails like and i really tried to draw inspiration from that so that i could create my own content that would do well for me and i thought that if these videos were getting a ton of views for her hopefully if i created similar videos then they would be suggested after her videos and it would drive traffic to mine which is a great strategy but at the same time i wasted so much time trying to be like other youtubers instead of really figuring out what made me different and there were two pivotal points for me that really led to the future direction of my own brand the very first one was in may of 2019 i wanted to create a video that was talking about the business of vlogging and sharing things that i felt like other people weren't sharing and what i wish i would have known when i was getting started so for example i think that was my first video ever where i talked about taxes because the first time i had to pay my own taxes guys i had a panic attack because i had no idea i had to do that and i didn't have enough money in my bank account to actually pay my taxes so that was really the first thing i realized that i wanted to share things that i felt like other people weren't sharing of course there's other people that are sharing youtube tips there's other people that are sharing blogging tips but i wanted to share something that was unique that was different but was also transparent and then the second thing that ended up happening was when i decided to switch into the youtube tips world i was taking a look at sunny lenarduzzi roberto blake think media and all of those big guys that were killing it in the youtube tips and i realized that those videos were very educational but i didn't feel like a lot of them were fun to watch and for me i love the lifestyle niche i love the vlogging niche and i was like what can i draw from this niche that the videos are solely for entertainment compared to this niche where the videos are solely for education and morph them together and that really blossomed my youtube channel where you guys know i try to get a lot of shots i try to make my videos interesting informative transparent and i try to share things that i wish other people would have shared when i was getting started and things that have helped me out along the way basically my tip here is do not copy other people's youtube channels don't try to be the next jake paul and copy exactly what he's doing there's a reason it works for him no one is you and that is your superpower so really hone into what makes you unique and what can you do different that really we need to see here on youtube and since i've mentioned the algorithm a couple of times i wish i would have learned about the youtube algorithm sooner it took me a year of creating videos and seeing little to no result for me to finally google how to grow on youtube and that's when i learned to niche down and the importance of consistency and all of that stuff there's so much that goes into the youtube algorithm and there's no way of beating it i hate the phrase beat the algorithm you're not going to beat it there's a way to work with it that is going to help you to grow on youtube so really i would recommend watching those videos as soon as you can it's going to help you to really hone in on your youtube strategy figure out what your uploading schedule is going to be another tip guys consistency is key so create an uploading schedule from the beginning the next thing may seem a little contradicting just because in the past i've shared that you can start a youtube channel with just your phone you don't need a fancy camera and 100 that's true sometimes i vlog on my phone like i've got the new iphone and the quality of the camera on that thing is so so freaking good so you don't need the nicest equipment to get started but what i would have done is started saving up from the very beginning to buy a nicer camera for myself and the camera that i'm filming on right now guys was only 500 600 so if you're saving 50 bucks a month 100 bucks a month you can get to a nicer camera quicker than you thought probably possible when you are first getting started but when i got started with my channel i had a shaky old camera where i couldn't see myself there was no flip out screen and the autofocus was just absolutely terrible and i used that camera for over a year and i think it ended up holding me back because the quality wasn't good and who the heck wanted to watch a shaky video that ended up giving you a headache hand in hand with leveling up i kind of wish that i would have leveled up on certain things sooner now this isn't something that you need from the very beginning but i would say your first year on youtube i would recommend leveling up in certain ways whether that is starting to edit on an external hard drive just getting an external hard drive i mean is absolutely key having a microphone on your camera or even i have a wide angle lens here i absolutely love filming with this but there are certain ways that you can level up and it did take me a while to level up in different areas on my channel and do it as you go like i said you don't want to invest thousands of dollars from the very beginning do it little by little as you go but one of the things that i wish i would have done sooner is actually get started with epidemic sound now this segment of the video is sponsored by epidemic i have been working with them for a while i have been using their platform for well over a year and i absolutely love them so thank you so much to epidemic for sponsoring but when i was first getting started with youtube i was using everything free that i could so i have got apple products right here and imovie comes for free i was using imovie when it came to my music and my sound effects i was using music that was available within the youtube creator studio and just getting their copyright free music when it came to sound effects i was only using the sound effects that came within imovie it wasn't until i switched to epidemic sound that i realized my videos could have been so so much better if i would have switched to epidemic sooner so basically epidemic sound what it is it's a platform where you can get access to copyright free music as well as sound effects they've got over 30 000 different tracks it's being updated all the freaking time and it doesn't really matter what vibe you're going for they have got so many different genres and the way that it's organized by mood and genre and even length of the song like it's so easy to navigate and use and with the free music that i was getting off of youtube i felt like i really struggled to find unique songs that other creators weren't using compared with epidemic because their library of tracks is so big you can find something that's really unique so if you want to level up in just like the littlest way it's only a month you can get started with a one month free trial just to see what it's about so i'll include a link in the description bar down below but i kind of wish i would have done little investments sooner than i actually did now can we talk about thumbnails for a second because when i was first getting started with my youtube channel i was not not paying attention to my thumbnails at all i would actually take a screen capture from my video so i wouldn't even specifically pose for here's what i want a thumbnail to look like you know i was just taking a screen capture from my video and turning it into some kind of just disastrous thumbnail what i do now is after i record a youtube video i will take 10 to 15 minutes and i will specifically set up a shot for my thumbnail and i will take a photo so i don't just use like recording on my camera and then just take a screen capture even if i'm posing or something i don't do that i will specifically take a photo for the thumbnail the quality turns out so much better and you're going to thank yourself for it because then you're not struggling once the video is all done and edited and then you have to figure out what the heck the is going to be since you've made it this far into the video i'm going to give you my most important tip and the one thing that has truly made the biggest difference with my youtube channel and i know i've shared so much in this video but if you're writing anything down write this down the videos that have ended up making the biggest impact on my channel that have ended up being my most successful and helped me to grow the most were the ones that no one else had ever created and i know that seems crazy because i've got so many videos on my channel that other people have created in the past like it's really really hard to be unique on youtube i will say with how many videos there are out there but some of my most successful ones two of them in particular how long it takes to get monetized on youtube when i created that video there were no other videos on youtube that had that exact title and that were specifically talking about that there were a ton talking about my first youtube paycheck and how to get monetized on youtube but not specifically the timeline of getting monetized on youtube with that title and the things that i covered in that video and that video was the first one that ever took off for me and then the second one had to relate directly to that which is how much money i ended up making my first year of being monetized a lot of people were sharing how much money they make in a year how much money they make in a month but never their first year being monetized yes take a look at what other people are doing because obviously they've been successful for a reason but figure out what's missing what you can do different on your own channel within your videos and what unique videos can you create that no one has created before because that is really how you're going to be able to stand out on youtube so hoping that you guys like this video and found it helpful if you did make sure you give it a thumbs up subscribe my channel down below and i will see you guys back here on tuesday with another one bye guys okay you can't just stand there do you see her to everyone that's like how do you film with your dog usually she's used to it but i've trapped off her bed right now in my office so she can't get to her bed and she is absolutely distraught go on you can go right through okay let's get back to it [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CathrinManning [41 likes]: YOU GUYS!! I'm hosting 7 in-person workshops in July 2023! If you're looking to make money as an influencer and turn it into your full-time job, YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS THIS! - https://www.eventbrite.com/cc/creating-profitable-influence-workshop-tour-2173999
  2. @LanaAbdulwahed [1 likes]: I will try
  3. @lssuriqueen [1 likes]: Here to support small YouTubers
  4. @NargasAvibe [1 likes]: I’m a new creator , this gave me some motivation to post my VLOGS too!
  5. @NATHANIADEMECILLO: Here in 2026. God bless you, Cathrin!
  6. @roserammal8608: Thank you for sharing
  7. @SharzArc: thanks a lot
  8. @carcarplaytv: Thank you for all the advice ❤
  9. @sheilanicole2121: Love your channel. Thank you for such great information!
  10. @lilyWilliam5092cookings: New YouTubers gather here lets grow
  11. @sweetfoxfibers: Oh my goodness! I remember watching you back in the day…I feel like you had just got monetized and you were sharing it! I made my first channel last week- so I was suggested your video for this new channel! I’m so proud of you! You have come SO FAR since I’ve last seen you and I subscribed and can’t wait to see more! So lucky I stumbled upon you again! ❤
  12. @artnetizens: Thank you for your tips! I’m at 600 subs
  13. @OneBostonJournal: This is the first time I'm watching you after having started my own channel. I have a long way to go but I've at least made the first step, no matter how weak it may be. Thanks for the advice.
  14. @JTyeanna: I love your videos ❤
  15. @athenaviayrada1820: Wait, are you the girl of the viral baby wipes video on tiktok?? I didnt know you have a yt channel! Im glad I found your page!! <3
  16. @eternalriver7866: Thank you for the inspiration
  17. @NATHANIADEMECILLO: Thank you for this ❤
  18. @Aisha25602: YouTube is a real struggle but we keep going until we make it ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  19. @ليلىقيسصادق: thank u
  20. @kiki_mofokeng: I just recently started my own YouTube channel and yesterday I posted my first video 🙈. It was quite nerve wracking but I’m excited, and I look forward to growing my channel and making new friends 🥰❤️❤️❤️

- How to Film an Interview: Kind: captions Language: en this week I'm going through everything you need to know in order to set up and shoot an [Music] interview hello my name is Simon Cade and this is DSO guide so one of the main things that freelance filmmakers do is record interviews I've done at least five interviews I'd say and each time you kind of pick up something new so I thought I just make a little video which condenses as much as I can into one little video everything from how to talk to the interviewee how to set up the shot and then also just what kind of questions you want to be asking them so the first thing is to make sure that you've prepared your questions so you need to talk to the client and make sure that you know roughly what you want the story of your video to be about so if you don't know them at all then it get very difficult to form questions but if you know that they have one particular interesting thing which you want to find out more about then make sure you ask questions on that so there are generally two types of questions the example of the first one would be do you like football and the second one would be what do you think of football now the first one would get you a very short answer so they'd probably say yes and then they might say a reason or but the important thing is they it's a closed answer whereas if you say what do you think about football then they'll say oh I think and then they'll go off on a longer spiel about what they think about football and that for an interview generally is is what you want because that gets them talking and it doesn't just mean you have a lot of footage of someone saying yes or yes because so that's the first one and then the other thing that I like to do is to actually almost script out what you would like them to say so obviously you can't predict everything but if you think oh it' be nice if they said this this and this and then just try and formulate questions which will get an answer that's similar to that so then as you go through the interview you can see have they covered the sort of points that I wanted now of course they may the whole interview may go in a completely different direction but it's good to have that basis where you're not just thinking of questions CU because you're focusing on the answers at the end of the day so once you've got your questions the next thing is to set up the shot now there are three aspects to this composition lighting and audio so the first thing is composition you really want to concentrate a lot on how the shot looks there are some key guidelines which you can choose to use or not use but it's definitely worth being aware of them so the first one is to think about the background now generally you're going to have the interviewee and the foreground which leaves you with a lot of creativity in order to choose what kind of background you want so you could just go to their house and film them in the living room and that may be okay for certain interviews but it really this is where it really depends on what it is that the interview is about so if you're filming a skateboarder then why not have them in a skateboard shop with lots of skateboards in the background or if it's a carpenter then do it in their workshop because if you can have a relevant background then that actually helps to make the whole thing more convincing and it's also a lot more interesting than just having them against a white background now the other thing to think about with composition is about adding depth to the shop generally the way of doing things although these are definitely not rules these are just guidelines of things that you can do if you want to but having diagonal lines is generally a good thing to do rather than having someone against a wall like this if you have the wall actually going off into the distance where you can see the perspective then that actually generally gives it a more pleasing look rather than if you were to just film someone up against a wall but the important thing is to always just go back to what is this interview about what mood am I trying to convey with this interview so the rule of thumb is to have the interviewee looking towards the inside of the frame rather than the outside of the frame so then you put the person on the inside of the frame in this case it would be on camera left so that then they are looking more into the middle and then that gives it again a generally more pleasing look compositionally so the next thing is lighting now interview lighting is kind of known for being in a way the most boring so you could just do the standard 3o lighting key fill and rim light and while that's fine you could again think of that as the standard and then say okay well let's build on that and let's have for this video because it's quite dramatic let's have their face really dark so it's almost silhouetted or you could do any number of crazy things with your lighting if you feel that that actually complements the story that you're trying to tell with the interview so lighting generally I would say just go for something simple key light and a rim light maybe that's what I tend to do but again it's all about thinking what fits with the tone and the mood of this interview so the next thing is audio now since you've got them sitting down it makes sense to not use a lavalier microphone because you can set up a boom pole and use a boom mic that way you can just channel in on their voice and not hear all the background noise around them so the main thing to think about when you're setting up your mic is listen out if there's a refrigerator on this side then put the boom mic on the other side so that it's facing away from that but the main thing to remember is to keep the microphone as close to them as possible and pointing directly at their mouth or chin area and obviously make sure that the boom mic isn't in the shot but the other thing that people sometimes Miss is to look out for where the light is coming from because the boom mic can actually cast a shadow onto the face and this is something you really don't want so just just bear in mind what's happening with the lighting make sure you're not causing any Shadows so once all the equipment is set up and the person you're interviewing has arrived it's very important to focus a lot on making sure that the person is very at ease because it can be very intimidating being filmed but especially when you have a microphone in your face and you've got lights all around you a lot of people can really find it very intimidating and there are a few things you can do just to reassure them and make them as comfortable as possible so the first thing is to make sure that you remind them as multiple times that that that you'll be editing the final piece so they don't have to say their is in one go and it doesn't matter if they make a mistake they can just start again or they can carry on and you just want to reassure them that it's not a live TV production and that you're just you know you'll get lots of footage and they'll just choose the best bits and this is really helpful for them to be at ease in knowing that it doesn't matter if they make any mistakes and then the other thing is to just let them know that it's actually okay if they repeat themselves because often you'll actually want to ask the question more than once so that way you can choose in editing which one is the best one so in a general conversation they might skip out saying something again if they said it before but you've got to say to them look you can say you can repeat yourself as many times as you like because we're just going to choose the absolute best bits so as well as the person you're interviewing there's someone else who's very key in making sure that the shoot turns out good and that is the actual interviewer so this is a person who has the piece of paper with the questions on it and they're just going to be aiming to have again really relaxed conversation and this this is the person who can really add Assurance to the person who's being interviewed by nodding and just generally looking interested in their answers so this sounds a bit silly but if you just kind of sit there and just nod you don't you don't have to obviously make noise but if you just look as genuinely interested in what they're saying as as possible then that will help them who cuz often they a bit doubtful about saying oh that wasn't very good I need to say that again but if you just just be like really encouraging and really reassuring then that goes a long way and the other thing is to after they've answered their question don't just go straight onto the next question because often firstly it will make them feel a bit like you don't really care about their answer so just leave leave a pause and because the other thing is often people will pause as if they finished the answer but then the pause they'll actually go and they'll say more and that might be the best bit because they've had some time to think about it so always leave just a little Gap after they've answered their question in case they want to say anything else so that's pretty much it as long as you take some time to set up and then just aim to have a really relaxed atmosphere then the interview will most likely go very smoothly but there's one thing I just like to leave you with and that is the idea that you don't have to follow exactly the general routine you know the the cliche we'll call it is good having three-point lighting rule of thirds you know very basic and there's nothing wrong with that but I would really encourage you to think about what the project is and then think right how can we improve that standard interview shot and make it tailored to the story and the mood and the tone that I'm trying to convey so start with the cliche in its most basic form and then just adapt it a little bit or maybe a lot to fit with the story that you're trying to tell and to convey the mood that you want to so yeah that's it for interviews this week and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @ivansmith4288 [1 likes]: Always good Simon, for me however questions shouldn't come from a list, better to feed off their answers for your next question. then move to new questions after exhausted it for a period. top advice though as always
  2. @kilbsy [1 likes]: Out of interest, do you have Nd filter gels over your window? The balance is always spot on in the room..
  3. @tahoeturk: Your experience is obvious by your tips. Great job.
  4. @gildiaz4278: Thanks for the good tips.
  5. @BBC.English.: It's really interesting video and full of advices. I was wondering how I could bring an interesting background than a wall in the same time I put him in the middle of the camera. Thanks a lot
  6. @MiteshTake: I was expecting some more examples !
  7. @vesselcollective238: Is this different with making a sports documentary? and you're just one person that does the editing and filming games?
  8. @Falkenroth1: What aspect ratio do like to shoot your interviews in? Looks like cinematic.
  9. @KeirBriscoe: I'm really enjoying your videos. So much good information.
  10. @ImNotCrazystudios: What do you do about jump shots when editing interviews?
  11. @bhagyashreekhairnar683: really good!!
  12. @radik2812: Thank you for the video Simon :)
  13. @LuckyNumber75: Granted this video was posted 3 years ago but I'm curious how old you are. Forgive me if I'm wrong but you don't look to be older than 17 or so, and a lot of the things you're explaining here I learned in college.
  14. @FormigaFit: good job!
  15. @d4nve9a: I'm about to be in a interview soon. Thank you for your informative video
  16. @EllieHeard: Simon, do you generally use a wide angle lens for your interviews?
  17. @Aragundii: I have been looking everywhere for something straight forward  thank you so much
  18. @bigbong.official: The meticulous quality of the video made it incredibly pleasant to watch.
Great tips; well organised and clearly expressed. Good job!
PS: I could not hold a laugh when I saw “oops” as you noticed that your boom was visible.
  19. @edhwin: greetings friend: how to avoid the echo produced in a room, at the time of the interview, it's post or does the micronofo lavalier
  20. @lorenzobosi19: Hi, 
i want to do some interviews for a birthday video
Which kind of background can i use?

- How to Film Yourself at Home for YouTube - Beginners Guide: Kind: captions Language: en having a dedicated YouTube space to film your videos is going to really help with the content creation process I started my YouTube channel back in 2016 and over the years I've made a ton of different styles of content but one of the things that keeps me consistent is having a dedicated space that I can come to flip on the lights hit record on the camera and get going now I want to say a special thanks to you screen for sponsoring this video and I'll talk more about how I use u-screen in a little bit keeping my workflow super simple where I don't have to set up all this lighting and then figure out my camera settings and then figure out the best place for audio and everything else that goes with you know hitting record makes it so that it's just easy to make videos and I think for a lot of niches out there having a dedicated space that you can come back to and just be able to flip on the camera and hit record it's going to make it so much easier to just stay consistent on the platform because one of the ways that you're gonna grow a YouTube channel and build an audience is by being able to have videos on your channel that are an easy format to make and makes it consistent some creators you'll see have the same set for every video that they make and having this dedicated space just makes it so much easier for the process so that you could focus more on the content that you're producing rather than all the technical stuff that you have to do every time you want to press record so in this video we're going to go through all of the different YouTube Studios that I've built since 2016 and my goal is to give you some ideas of how you can convert your space into a place where you could turn on the camera turn on some lights and start recording now this video goes through a ton of aspects around the technical side of putting a studio together and also throughout there's just a lot of good information about the content creation process so we'll first dig into my YouTube Studio that I built in an apartment the second one is one that I built in a detached garage the third one we'll go through is the studio here and the fourth thing that we'll dig into is what I do when I'm not here in my studio now before we get into each one of these Studios I want to tell you about our sponsor which is you screen if you want to become a full-time Creator then you need to build a business around the videos that you're creating and one of the ways that I bring in revenue for my channel is by building courses that I sell on my own website the creatorfilmschool.com which was built on you screen they make it super easy to be able to build a platform to house all of your courses or even just a single course and make it available to purchase rent or put into a membership it's basically an all-in-one platform that gives you the ability to build a business as a Creator and what's cool with you screen is if you want to build a membership you basically can produce your own Netflix Style catalog for the content that you're producing and also with your catalog you have access to building your own community so you can engage with your students you could also do things like live streaming within the platform and be able to keep the conversation going and be able to stay engaged with the people who are are part of your membership or buying your courses now there's also some features that allow you to be able to build your own apps so if you're someone who wants to have a smartphone app or an app on like Roku or Apple TV while you screen gives you that ability to have your own Standalone app and you screen also gives you a ton of marketing features that makes it super easy to run your business all in one place now personally I chose u-screen for my membership because they handle all the payments billing monthly subscriptions and they have easy to use templates that are designed to monetize your videos quick and easily so if you want to launch your business as a video creator I highly suggest checking out you screen I'll include a link Down Below in the description where you could do a free trial and if you want to see how I've used you screen we'll head over to the creatorfilmschool.com you can see how I've built out my whole sales page and then if you click the catalog at the top you can see all of the different videos that I offer and you can purchase some of these courses as a standalone or you could get a membership and have access to everything it's just a really cool and simple way to put all of your paid courses and content in one place and make it super accessible for your members now if you want to build your own website with courses or your own membership platform then make sure you head over to you screen and check out all the options that they have available I'll include a link Down Below in the description to where you can start your free trial right now all right so now let's jump into all the different YouTube Studios that I've built since 2016. in this video we're going through how you build out your YouTube studio so you go from this to something more like this or something more like this so if you want to do more of the artificial lighting with the colors in the background or you want to do more of a daylight Studio I'm going to go through the different things that I do to be able to create my YouTube sets and I have two sets built here in one space so guys if you're new to this channel my name is Jeff and dovey I do a lot of filmmaking tutorials product reviews I also do a lot of YouTube training so make sure you hit that subscribe button and turn on those Bell notifications if you want to learn how to grow your channel and get better using your camera so originally I just had the one set built in this room and it's been evolving over time and that's something that you need to think about when you're going about creating your set that you're going to use for your YouTube videos it's not going to be perfect the first time you set it up and you get going you're going to keep evolving this over time originally I started with my artificial looking set has a lot of colored backgrounds let's just go over there and this set I use all the time to create my online courses to create tutorials but there's a lot of times where I don't want to just be sitting here talking to camera so this is a good setup that I've built for this style of content but when I want to like show a product or I want to be more involved with the things that I'm working on have a little bit wider shot that's why I built the other set with the standing table so you have to kind of think what kind of videos are you going to be creating and that's going to dictate what style of set that you want to build now like I said this is more artificial lighting so I have completely blocked out all of the light in this room and as you can see over here this is my window and so I've put a piece of duvetine across my entire window and that means that all the light in this room I have put in here so everything has a purpose whereas when you go to my other set I'm going to pull this off now I didn't turn off the the colored lights back there but this is more of the natural daylight studio so I used light from the window and then I have one light to fill in my face so I have a nice look on my face so we're going to talk about the lighting and I'm also going to just talk about camera placement audio things like that for this video specifically I'm using a lav mic that's the one that's on my shirt right now and I'm actually just using a little audio recorder so this is my Tascam dr-10 but the dr-10 is an audio recorder and I use this all the time because you can see your levels on it and you can actually just record and then sync it up later in post so I have four cameras going I have one two which are my two cameras I use for my sets I've got my 360 camera back here and then I have a fourth camera and I'm using this just to give you guys some details as I walk around so I can point out specific things and be able to show you guys exactly what I am doing instead of having to cut and you know do some b-roll I'm going to shoot another video on how I create videos faster using multi-caming and that's essentially what I'm doing with this workflow okay so let's get into the set build like I said earlier I have duveteen that is this black material it cuts out all light now duveting is great for covering windows so what I've done is created eyelets on the duvetine and you can see right here I've made these myself and just used a little command strip hook to attach it to the wall for me that makes it super easy so I can just hang this up anytime that I want to put the black on the window and cut out all the light now I've also put up the hooks here on this side and the reason for that is I've done it in the past different backdrops here so I don't have to pull out like stands and I don't have to pull out like a bunch of gear to be able to put up a backdrop and I have a bunch of these cloth backdrops if I wanted to do say like more of a brick background and I've used this for different videos then this works great I put eyelets in this as well and hung it up on the wall so one room can have multiple purposes and I think using your room multi-purpose makes it so that you can have more flexibility in the content that you're shooting I do a lot for my office so I enjoy having the flexibility of building out different sets here now let's talk about lighting so I use an aperture 120d that is my main light right here that provides all of the fill light on your face and so I put that at about a 45 degree angle from the camera so I have my camera my gh5 right in front of me right off to the side is my aperture 120d and you can see that I just have this sitting here and it's always put up I Never Tear this down super easy I put an egg crate on it and what the egg crate does is it focuses the light a little more so if you take the egg crate off what happens is the light floods further around the room so I always use an egg crate so that it focuses more of the light on me less on the background the idea is that you want to create different pools of light so where I'm at this section that's one pool of light and when you're lighting the background you want to think of that as a separate pool of light because you could do different things in the background you could put different colors different exposures you can bring up the ambience bring down the ambience and it will change the feel and the look of how your whole Space works but if you're relying on your one light to do everything or like two lights and this is also controlling your background then it's going to be a lot harder to get the look that you want so I always say independently control your space where your subject is and then your background and try to create two pools of light and that's the easiest way to think about it when it comes to building out like a YouTube set is think in those terms what is the background exposed for that and then expose for your subject you and exposed for that to match the background or be a little bit darker or a little bit brighter however you want that exposure difference to be in your shot and this is something you can start looking at when you're watching other YouTubers is look at their set does their set darker than their subject or is their set brighter are they in a Big Bright open space or is it a very dark space and the subject is lit brighter or are they equal because you could also do that where they match perfectly okay so let's talk about my background I have just these simple strips behind my desk which creates the color of light these are cheap they're like 20 30 bucks and it just changes color based on whatever you want to do so I got a remote here and I can change you know I can change it orange change it purple I can do white so these are good if you want to create pops of color in the background now another way you can do this is using these small lights so this is the vlogger light and the other one that I have which is Illuminating my YouTube Award right now is the pilot fly atom Cube RX1 two good options I actually like both of these lights I like the pilot fly a little bit more for the options that you get in the light however this does come with a nice Mount which allows you to hook it to basically anything so you got to pick your poison what you like better when it comes to this light you can change the colors so I'm going to change to now I got a blue I'm going to put a 100 brightness let's change the color a bit so as you can see I am changing the color so let's say I put this in the background let's go to a bright like pink or something there we go we'll do a purple so now you can create the entire color of your background just using one of these little lights and these things are super powerful so as you can see this two pools of light is working very well because I am still lit properly for the exposure for this camera but I've just added this purplish blue light in the background which is creating the crazy color all over in the background so if you want color either use LED strips or pick up one of these lights and you can change any color so let's see there's pink there's red we got some yellow green so you can really just play around and create whatever color you want and something like this you can literally just throw it on the floor and it illuminates the entire background and as long as you have that separation of the foreground and the background you can create different color effects using this so for me I have my background being a big picture it was on a mirror I don't know why I'm still using this color and you're probably wondering why I just stuck white up here I'm bringing up the general Ambience of the room so if I didn't have this on when I'm sitting over here at my desk it's actually a little bit too dark in the background so I personally like bringing up the ambience a tad so something else to think about is playing with those levels of ambience in the background so let's talk about my backdrop I had two mirrors here originally I got this picture I just got it off Amazon and it fits my brand so you got to think about when you're creating your YouTube Studio what's going to fit your brand so for me Outdoors mountains I do a lot of climbing films if you haven't seen my most recent climbing film I highly suggest you go check that out that fits my brand I do a lot of climbing so I got this it's just a sticker and you can put these on walls you can put these on mirrors anything that's how I created this image gives some nice depth to the background and then my closet which is where I house all my gear this is essentially all of my gear it makes it organized so I can just grab things that I need a bunch of other stuff one of the most important things is a label maker I do use this all the time but instead of having just like a blank background I decided to put my gear back there the idea is to create some depth so instead of just flat walls I'm trying to create more depth in my space so it feels like there's more going on obviously you don't want to have it too cluttered but having some depth so you see this a lot of times people will put gear and stuff in the background you just need to find out what works best for your space for me I had this closet so I built out shelves and I put all my gear on it but you might need to add something into your room like you might need to add some shelving units so that you can add some depth moving upwards because you got to think about it you don't want just things on the ground around you you want to build up as well you want to be able to build out your whole Space so it feels like you're in this environment so that you're hanging out in my space this is like my Creator lab and that's kind of how you want to feel what does your space look like and if you look at someone like Casey neistat he had that space in New York and that was like a mad scientist for creators and so like you really got into his space and you had all this texture and all this depth that was his brand so what is on brand for you what is going to be in the background that fits the content that you're creating all right let's move on to set number two and this is my more Daylight looking set this is where I'm able to have a table in front of me and work with different products I was just shooting a review about this whole gimbal ring my wife decided to print something while I'm shooting but I was just doing a review on this so this is a good space where I can have things laid out in front of me and be able to work with a camera that's a little bit further so this is not an Arms Reach away I'm using a 35 millimeter lens equivalent because I'm on gh5 so it's a 17.5 but I have distance I can't really see the screen over here so what I have is a monitor my atomos Shinobi is great for seeing what's going on over there so I add a monitor so that I don't have to be next to the camera to see Focus exposure all of that this is a quick release that Zion makes Jian however you want to say it and I put these on all of my mounting points so I could just pop these on and off they're metal and they're super easy to attach things like monitors clamps anything they're essentially made for tripods on the bottom of gimbals and that's what I think they were originally intended for but I found that these little clamps are useful all over the studio so anytime you need to mount some something and you don't want to have to screw it all the time you add one of these mounting points it just pops on and off now the way that I've set up audio in this room is that I have a microphone above me now I do this for both of my sets I only have one of these microphones it's the next thing I need to add is another mic so I have two that essentially allows me to have the mic at the perfect position above my head I use the Sennheiser mic these things sound really good and you can see the difference here's the sound of the lavalier and now here is the sound of the mic overhead and over there it's a little bit better with terms of Reverb because I'm not projecting out into the room are you coming in okay come say hi hi so I'm explaining I'm explaining how my room is set up so do you want to give an explanation can you pause and I need him to take care of something real quick now something else that I do and you could see this over here I have some more stands laying around out in the background here I got another c-stand here and I have these stands laying around so that I can do more in this space like if I want to put a camera above I can rig it up so that I can have a top-down shot so having some different pieces on hand makes it easier so that if you're like hey I need to grab this shot you have the gear sitting around you can grab it and get your shot the same reason I have my closet set up in this way where I have all the gear accessible everything's labeled so that I can just grab gear do my shoot throw it back and I'm not spending tons and tons of time fumbling with gear because over time it does get frustrating so in terms of lighting in this daylight space I use an aperture 120d I'm telling you these lights with these small softbox on the egg crate that is like the best light I've found for this style of creating content you don't need that huge soft box the small one works you're just Illuminating one person and then you use other lights to bring in some other lighting around your space the 120d is lighting for me the lighting in the background is all from my window so I play with my blinds and the different amount of light and I use my blinds to control how much light I want in the background so more of a daylight looking studio and if you have a space where you get direct sunlight coming into your room maybe you have the sun peeking through your blinds and it creates a nice pattern on the back wall use that to your advantage because having some texture in the background with lighting looks really good so look at ways that you can use the natural sunlight to bring some texture into the background now one thing that you want to avoid is just putting yourself in front of a window and then having the background fall to Black now that is a great way to get started and just illuminating your face because when you stand at a window it's going to give you the best looking light it's going to give you light looking like this however if you just have the light fall off to Black in the background it just doesn't look that good this is a great place to start however this is much harder to control than if you are to illuminate yourself using lighting and then controlling your background by bringing up the ambience or bringing down the ambience and so that's why I don't use Windows to light myself weather conditions change the look changes and so that's why I like to use my 120ds to control the light on me and then if I have anything in the background I'm going to use my blinds or the other lighting that I have to control that so when it really comes down to it there's a few things that you need to think about when you're creating your YouTube set one is your brand what is your brand and does your set show off your brand the second thing to think about is lighting and think about it in two pools of lighting so front pool back pool and you don't have to be super crazy with the lighting that you're using I use one light frontal to light me and then I use some different lights in the background to give it some texture to give it something a little bit different so think colored lights if you like that look or think using a window or another small light to bring up the ambience in this video we're going to go through how I turned my garage into a full YouTube Studio I went from this to this and also I've created all of these different looks out of this space now I have a little Special Assistant today because someone is on a nap strike so are you going to show them the studio all right guys let's get into it [Music] so last November we moved from our apartment into a house and on the property is this garage so I thought it would be the perfect spot to build out a studio however when we moved in this was completely unfinished the way [Applause] we got the master insulator here this is my father he's helping me build out my studio yo yo buddy you got some extra foam in here yeah I got some right there for you yeah I've had a ton of you ask me about this backdrop and I'll explain kind of how I came up with this idea my storage over here my workspace over here and then you know we're going to talk about what's coming next because after I finish recording this video I have to tear all of this down so she's clearly interested in this giant screen that I have right so I guess one of the key things let me turn this camera on so one of the key things that comes to having a space like this is you know being able to see yourself and I've always thought that having a big monitor makes it so much easier to create content so this is actually a ViewSonic computer monitor you know these are super good for doing like color grading and all of that I actually did a video about this monitor specifically and instead of using it for my computer I'm using it for playback so I have my camera over there my playback here so that I can see myself on a massive screen and be able to you know see Focus color exposure nice burp all right it's time to go get some food for this little one I'm gonna go drop her off okay well it's not food time yet so she's gonna hang out with me a little longer so the cameras that I'm shooting on are the Panasonic gh5 one over there one right here and sometimes I use a third and you can see from these three shots I'll set up different looks around my studio with moving cameras so this is kind of standard I have my setup over here I have enough separation where I can you know shoot so I have some depth back here and this goes out of focus you know with the micro four thirds you definitely need to get yourself further away from the camera so for audio what I'm using is I guess let me back this up hold on so I use a Sennheiser mic and it has a pattern where it gets very good audio right here it's not a super long shotgun mic it's actually a stubby and the reason is I'm only talking in this space so I want clean audio here I don't need to get audio over there use a shotgun mic to get our audio further away now if I'm doing something where I'm walking around the studio I'll put my camera on a switch pod I'll walk around and I'll use just a rode shotgun mic on top sometimes I'll do wireless mic but when I'm in the studio you know I've tried to make this as soundproof as possible so I just use mics on top of cameras and I generally get good sound anywhere I go in this space now one thing that I found that's really cool about working in the studio space is the ability to shoot in different spots around here so sometimes I'll put the camera down low on the ground over there sometimes I'll put it in different corners but you can create a ton of different looks if you just think of the studio as a whole I have my set here that I enjoy creating from and this is a great spot to do like reviews anything with a computer like this is a good standing set but having this kind of geodome design that I've built it allows me to kind of like put myself down into the space I can be in different corners and this becomes like a focal point so what a geodome is is like a structural thing that you build and what's really cool about this setup is that I built this from like a pre-made kind of kit Corners that you see is a plastic little attachment and it has five or six places where you can attach these wooden dowels now how you use these is you put them in a certain pattern and it ends up building a full Dome now for me what I did because I needed to build like kind of a three wall set to be able to shoot into I just built half the Dome and then I attached it to the ceiling so if you look up here I've just attached it to the roof and then all of this background material that I've used is just a fabric that I found on Amazon so these are just little fabric pieces and I've just staple Gundam to the different wooden dowels and that's how I made my backdrop now the idea behind this backdrop was that I wanted something kind of Adventure related I didn't want to just do what everyone else does with colored lights I wanted to do something that kind of encompasses the bigger thing that I want to do which is create a venture style film so I wanted to create something that has that feeling and the geodome even though it's not something you see all the time it is something that you do see in more like outdoor style of structure it's a pretty cool structure idea and when you see houses and Tents built in this way they look great I thought for a studio this would be cool so for you guys don't just go and like make a geodome but think through where does your content fit like what is your style Beyond just being like maybe filmmaker or photography like that's something that you do what kind of feeling do you actually want to give your viewers when they're watching your videos I want to stay in that Adventure realm and that's something that you know if you watch my last video I was talking about how I started a second YouTube channel that's going to be all just Adventure films and that's because that is something that I do outside of this channel this channel gear tutorials reviews YouTube education like it's great but it's not everything that I do okay so let's talk about lighting in this space I have my main key light back that is my aputure 120d Mark II I'm a big fan of the mark II's they're great I actually have the aputure 120d mark one up top there that's a hair light and what I have on both of these is the small softbox I use the small softbox with the egg crate so I can focus in the soft light a little bit better now I like using the aperture lights because I can dial everything in on a remote so I have this little remote and I could turn things on and off oh sorry about that my uh daughter just spit up all over me do I have it on me it's okay if you've noticed the last probably three months of videos You'll see spit up here and there kind of all over it's just it's part of having a four month old so for lighting sometimes you'll see that this backdrop I'll light in different ways whether it's color or just light so recently I've been doing more of this kind of style where I just use these cam TV strip lights now these are amazing because not only are they super bright they're four feet you can use them in so many different ways but you also get like any color that you want so you want to use them to change up your background color you can make them blue red any color and I have eight of these I actually bought them for a shoot that I did for my client work I was able to do some really cool stuff with red light and texture in the background and you can put them all on a controller that's where I was at before my daughter spit up on me controller let's just turn these off so this is just my set with no background light this is my key light my aperture 120d Mark II and the one up top my aperture 120d mark one and I can control them all from this remote now I also have this setup where I have the background on these lights as well so I have in each of these triangles a light up top and you can see it right there it's up there those are two more aperture lights and they're the light storm just the bars they're great for you know just background lights and just they're good lights to work with originally what I thought was I wanted to do these two window designs I wanted to create more depth and this is something that you guys can do in your Studios at home create more depth try not to push yourself up against a wall try not to put yourself in a corner what you want to do is have some separation so my idea behind this was to build this set the geodome and have these windows where you can kind of see through so that was kind of my idea behind the studio now it's evolved and it's changed and the reason that I haven't done this video is because I keep evolving the studio and I wasn't completely satisfied with it and this brings up a good point when it comes to building out a studio I think you need to have more of a plan before you go and just start putting things in the space whether it's a spare bedroom it's a garage you actually have a space dedicated to shooting you really want to think through your brand and then you also want to think through how you're going to use the space I've found after building this space and after using it I am much more fluid in the way that I shoot I don't just have one spot that I want to sit at all the time now in my old Studio I had a spot that I sat in and that was like my spot that I sat I didn't really change it up I did start adding a secondary standing position and then when I had more space when I had this garage I realized that I I just like shooting in all angles and I love just like moving around so the next space that I'm going to build I'm actually going to really think through the entire layout 360 and actually light the entire space as if it's one whole set so that I could put the camera here I could put the camera here I put the camera here and so you need to think through your style of shooting and how you want to use the space are you someone that wants just one dedicated space do you want just like a simple backdrop a gray a blue a pink you know one spot or are you someone that's going to be more fluid and moving something to really think about before you actually go through and build a set because when you build like a three wall set like this and you're really kind of married to that and that's all you can do because you know when you get to the edges it's not as pretty as you can see like around this it doesn't look that good all right let's turn these cam TV lights back on they do have different styles of Cam TV lights now I just have these on a simple light stand and you know I can move them all around the studio depending on where I need them so I either put them on the ground and shoot up put them on the sides but having this table back here is a great place for me to do product work so every time I'm shooting like a product and I want to get some b-roll this is like my place to get b-roll and I you know depending on where I put it in my backdrop I can create some really cool looking effects and when you marry this with some movement so I use a jib one in my studio which jib ones are a great tool to be able to get moving style shots and I've found that in a studio space like this having a jib one is awesome now they're not the most versatile tools in the world like and they're actually kind of cumbersome to work with but when you put them on a solid tripod and you put them on Wheels they're amazing to work with in a studio so let me just show you since we're over here my storage solution I just have two of these silver wire racks and I've put on one side of them the egg crate to dampen the sound a little bit but these are all on Wheels and I can shift them around and use these two sides with the sound proofing on it to create less Echo I haven't really used it that much but it was a good idea when I made it ton of egg crates to store all of my stuff and it's super easy if I'm here in the studio or I go out on a client shoot I just fill my van with a ton of these egg crates grab a cart makes it super easy to use gear here and also use gear out in the field all right let's talk about wheels so these are just a set of wheels that you can put your stands on your lights on cameras on these are what I put at the bottom of my jib one and what this allows me to do is just shift stuff around the studio and I have these set of wheels on everything in my studio so if it's my monitor I can wheel my monitor where I want my monitor to be able to see myself I can wheel it anywhere so if I'm using the jib one I can wheel it to different spots whether I'm doing products or I want to put the jib one over here and do some behind the scenes style shooting easy to wheel around with something like this with everything being on Wheels I just wheel it into space wherever I want it flip it on and start shooting that's been one of the biggest things about having this dedicated space is being able to flip on cameras and just start rolling instead of having to set up everything every time I have to go shoot so if you don't want something like these big long bar lights I highly suggest getting some of these these are just little RGB lights and you could use them to light up background elements these are what I've used in my old Studio this is what I'm using in this studio as well and they're great to add some extra hits of light on different elements in the background whether it's like you know a bookshelf having some light just hit that or it's just like one element you know having individual lights to hit different things around your studio it's going to help make your lighting look that much more dynamic okay over here is my workbench and this is one of those husky just tool chests but this is great to store like film equipment I have lenses in here I have tools I have everything that I need to create my content and this is just a space that I come to like clean my lenses this is all my lens cleaner stuff away so this is where I come to work on different camera gear and you know clean things play with things work with things this is different than my space over there because I never have to worry about shooting over here this is just a dedicated workbench and it's good to have a space that you can just work so that if you want to like play around with different camera gear you want to set things up having a space like this is helpful and these husky just tool chests become invaluable to creators I think my next space I'm going to buy more of this style of product and actually build out an entire work area where I could just put batteries on to charge so I don't ever have to pull out Chargers I just have a space that come boom put all my Chargers and go and that's one thing I was gonna build in this space but I'm moving so um you know I didn't fully build out the studio to the full extent that I wanted to and also it's extremely hot in here I don't know if you're seeing the sweat drip down yet I guess now is a good time to mention that we insulated the garage but it didn't actually keep it cool I put an AC unit in there and just in the California heat in the summer it just does not stay cool and I apologize for the mess back here I am packing right now I'm about to move so it's just a cluttered camera gear everywhere and I'm shooting this right now on prores Raw on the Z cam so this is probably going to be a ridiculous file size but got to test out this camera and see what it's all about and that's one thing I've never had an air-conditioned studio in the entire time of building this channel so I've had this channel four years now and all of those spaces whenever it's summer that I'm shooting if you're seeing me dripping sweats because I don't have AC I'm shooting right now at 10 A.M I'm trying to get this done before this just turns into a sauna so one area that doesn't get a whole lot of attention is my gym setup so I have my kettlebells I have my weights I have my rower kind of all sits in the corner because when I open the garage then it allows me to go out there and work out and that's just part of the studio so I built this little corner over here I've got two chairs I've got my rug this is where I do my live streaming from I don't do a ton of live streaming but when I do I have this set up so down here I have my Blackmagic live stream connection and I could put my laptop here and just go for it and it's all set up where I just plug in and go these racks are super invaluable for creators and I use racks all the time whether it's in my editing setup or it's here in the garage in my office I have an entire rack set up that has everything I need for editing and I can just plug in my laptop when I'm in my studio I like just being able to flip on cameras and let them roll and give myself the freedom to mess up and give myself the freedom to do things over and over again and play around and not have to worry so much about you know what's going on around me when you have a studio when you have a dedicated space where not getting interrupted it allows you to just be more creative and play around I come out here sit in my chairs and this is my place just to think and work through ideas and and be my base camp for the bigger Adventures that I want to go out and do and that's why I called this base camp like I've mentioned it a few times in my videos but this is essentially my space it's my base camp and if you can find a dedicated space in your house in your apartment that is just yours for creating content it's going to make things so much easier when it comes to the whole process and being able to put out weekly videos or two videos a week or whatever your consistency is having space that you can go back to and make it your own is super important and I highly suggest you know go make your own space and make it really fit you there's a lot that went into this and this is like I said this is a stepping stone this is my last day after I finish editing this video and do all the b-roll I'm going to tear all this down and I'm going to start over welcome to my YouTube studio now in this video I want to break down exactly how I built this studio to be the perfect space to film my videos when I'm here in my office but also be a place where I can work on my scripts and do all of my editing so I'm going to show you everything that I use here in my office to make it super simple to be able to flip on the camera and start recording so what we're going to go through is my entire camera setup that I use my editing setup and then just generally how I set up this room to be a good place to be able to just make content and be a creative space now the space that works for me doesn't necessarily work for you but I just want to give you a look inside Myspace maybe I'll give you some ideas of things that you can do for your creative space so this is just a spare bedroom in my house my daughter is on the other side of this wall watching Toy Story right now and I can kind of hear it but you actually can't hear it at all because it's so so low all I'm here is a little now in terms of space let's measure this out so the actual dimensions are about 9 by 14 feet not the biggest space in the world it's definitely a little bit longer but in terms of width it's pretty narrow but what I've done is I've made the most out of this space and so as we walk to this end you can see that I have my whole set back here and that faces towards this door which I've left this natural light coming through I like the way this looks with the natural light coming through and so I have my set down there my editing set up here and then I have a closet so first let's break down this set this is just a cheap table from Amazon as you can hear it's kind of squeaky this is just something that I could easily move around and it's a good place to sit at show a couple things here on the desk but it's not overly big it's basically just used for my set now in terms of what I have set up here is I have one light that's at a 45 degree angle and this light is an aperture 60x with a small softbox on it so the light is a little bit more focused on me and doesn't spill as much into the background and because I'm so far this way in the room when I'm hitting myself with the light the shadow kind of falls down that way so you're not seeing it on any walls or anything like that I wanted to create separation and make a pool of light here and then a pool of light back there now the second light that I'm using is one up on the ceiling and this I just mounted on the wall probably not the best light for this situation but I think it gives me some extra ambient light and it gives me a nice Rim so it gives me a little bit more of that separation now I don't use a fill light I just have my key my hair and then I just have some background lights and so for my background what I'm using is two aperture MCS those are what are colored in the background and I can change those to be basically any color and I like just having a small hit of color in the background whether that's an orange teal look or right now I have just a teal look the last Light that I use is that bar light that you see back there it's just a practical light which means that it's a light that you use in the shot so it's another one of these bar lights and I just have it turned down to like 10 percent and the reason that I'm using that light is to match those other bars of Light which are in the back now these bars way back here are my doors and this is actually just some curtains with a little bit of light spilling around the edges you see when I pull this out a lot more light comes in and instead of closing this off and making it a complete blackout Studio I actually like the look of These Bars and I just added this additional bar on the side and so in terms of lighting I use a little bit of natural light I don't use a lot it's just those bar in the background but I let that spill in and then I add these additional lights my key my hair the two colored lights and the one tube light and my goal is just to make it look more Dynamic and look like the space is bigger than it is and for audio I use the rode ntg4 and that's sitting right above me you can see it right here I just have it on this arm that comes right over the desk and so whenever I sit down here I have my audio my light and I could just hit record on the camera and start recording now the camera that I'm using is the a7s Mark III now this is probably overkill for an office camera I could get away with something much cheaper and much smaller but I use two a7s Mark III's to make all my videos and when I'm home I just put one over here so I use this one here when I'm out and if I need a second camera I'll bring my other one with me but I shoot everything on two Sony a7s Mark III's now the rode is an XLR microphone so I have the Sony XLR adapter on top of my a7s Mark III and I'm using house power so I have a battery adapter in my a7s Mark III all of this is plugged into the wall so I never have to worry about batteries when it comes to my camera I can just flip it on and start recording now I use this app that allows me to see myself on my phone so I'm monitoring myself I can record I can start and stop the record here on my phone and I usually just have this sitting right out of frame but what ties all of this together and makes it so that it's super clean is this one pole that I have that is the setup that everything sits on so this is called a gear tree and I think this really made my whole design work together so cohesively and that's because everything is mounted to this one pole I have a pole it's not drilled into anything it just uses tension from the ground to the ceiling and it just holds everything on the singular Pole now from here you can build out whatever you want and so there's so many different attachments whether it's a lighting attachment an audio attachment and just things like these bars that you can attach things like cameras or like I'm using here this is my hat rack but you can completely change everything about this and I got this system back in probably November of last year and I've been using it ever since and as soon as I started using this system it just made everything so much easier because I don't have to have like a tripod on the ground I don't have to have light stands I don't have to have an extra boom arm on another c-stand everything is on this one stand and you can even add more to this and they have options that just hook on the side of your desk as well but for my this is what works great for me and I could keep adding to this if I want additional accessories that work for this setup and in terms of cables I just run all my cables on the back side of the pole I use some velcro and I have a power outlet down there so it just makes it super simple this is like one of the best parts of this space and what helps me make it a more minimalist design and having a minimalist setup is something that is super important to me so as a Creator I don't like lots of mess and I don't like just having things cluttered everywhere for me I like to have things super clean and super minimal so just the few pieces of gear that I need to be able to make my videos and work in my space I try to keep this space as clean as possible basically everything here has a function and is used and I could easily clutter up the space with a lot of additional things and keep cameras out and different parts but for me what I found is that when I'm working in this kind of creative writing editing space I want to just have it super minimal and so that's what I've done with everything in this space now trying to get better audio in this space because it is pretty echoey with these walls on the ceiling I have a bunch of acoustic foam I just lined my ceiling with it and then then down here on the ground I have carpet and between the acoustic foam and the carpet it definitely helps dampen the sound so when I'm filming in my desk over there I just pushed this big chair out of the way and I use this plasticy chair that was from a shoot for my production company and it just it's easier because I don't like the look of the big chair with the headrest when I'm on that space doing my a-roll but for here at my desk this is you know I like having one of these bigger chairs just more comfortable but the main focus that I built this entire Studio around is this desk and my editing setup so I use a two monitor system I have a big curved Monitor and then I have another flat monitor up top here and I went with the Stacked monitors for a few reasons one is when I'm editing in Final Cut I can see my timeline super long here on the bottom and then what I do in the top is I make it full screen so there is nothing on the screen besides my image so this just gives me a better way to see my videos when I'm editing them and also when it comes time to color grade this is a color accurate monitor so this is what I use for all of my color grading and I just like the ability to have a bigger monitor that I could see my image full screen whenever I'm working on a project rather than being just a corner of the screen as a whole and for keyboard mouse I use a Logitech keyboard and mouse it's all Bluetooth hooked into my computer which you're probably wondering where my computer is my computer is actually in the closet and I'll show you that whole setup in a second but I put everything in the closet so that all you see here at the desk is keyboard mouse monitors and then my two studio monitors for audio and these are Mackie HR 824s they're just good studio monitors to hear my audio super clean and then I have my little Ikea plant gotta have the Ikea little grassy plant I don't know how long I've had this thing but a little pop of green in the corner I guess the last thing is daily stoic it's a book I read every day and it's just here so I can grab it whenever I need it and how the monitors are set up is that there's a single pole attached to my desk and both the monitors are on that pole I'm going for this completely minimal design so I want to have the least amount of stands the least amount of cables and everything is just tidied up nice and neat all the cables for this setup are underneath the desk and they're actually going through the wall so I punched a hole through the wall and punched it into the closet and that's where my whole computer setup is now two things that I think are super useful one just have some power ports right here with some USB power so if I ever need to just charge something quick just working with something maybe a new camera and just put it right here on the desk and charge it and this little drawer which has pens and adapters and anything else so this is my whole computer setup I run everything off a 14 inch MacBook Pro so my setup is fairly simple I have a rack case in here where I put everything in this rack case and then on top of it sits my laptop and the reason I did it this way is because I wanted to just be able to pull out a few cables grab the laptop and go and then when I get home I just set the laptop in plug in a few cables and then I could sit down and start editing so I've thought through this setup and I've done a bunch of different iterations and it might not look the cleanest but it does work super well so how it works is the 14 inch MacBook Pro I have three usbcs on this MacBook Pro and an HDMI out the one HDMI out goes to one of these two monitors now the usbcs go to a few different things I have two different eight Bay hard drive raid systems this one up top here that is my main edit drive that I work off of for my whole library of footage anything new that I'm working working on just stays on the laptop I have a four terabyte hard drive in my laptop so whatever project is current I could just leave it on the hard drive and then move it to this raid when I'm done with it but if I ever need to dig into Old footage which is something that I do all the time in my videos it all lives on this one raid system this is a 98 terabyte hard drive now I have a second one of these down here and that one is left as individual drives and so for my production company I'm constantly swapping drives in and out going back into my archive and grabbing different things and also I'm just always backing up footage so everything that's on this master 98 terabyte hard drive also has a backup somewhere else because you never want a single point of failure and yes a raid is redundant to a degree like this one is a RAID 5 so I have a single hard drive failure but the issue is if that drive fails and then another Drive fails well then I'm screwed so basically I have this raid set up as just a huge drive that I could use at any point it it is secure to a degree but I do make backups of everything and I keep that off-site somewhere else now to add additional ssds when I'm editing I have a single Thunderbolt 3 down here where I can add on small ssds and then I also have a blackjet tower now this blackjet Tower is super useful because all of these cartridges are swappable right now you can see I have six SD card readers and that's when I'm doing a production with my production company I can put all six cards in at once set them all up to transfer on hedge and then it just all goes and it all gets verified the super easy way to deal with a ton of footage without having to sit there and monitor it all however I could also swap these out and put ssds in all of these drives so I have these ssds which I could swap in and out if I need additional fast hard drives to work off of so depending on what the project is if I need some fast ssds well I could use these and put them in and out of the blackjet system or I could use portable ssds and hook them to my Thunderbolt 3 down there so a lot of different options for memory three and it just makes it easy so I could plug in anything at any time and then the last USBC Port that I have on my laptop hooks up to a dock that's where I could plug in some USB a ports and I also have another monitor out that goes to the second Monitor and then of course up top I have my super expensive YouTube counter I just keep it up there it pops up every thousand subscribers and then on top of that I have a couple shelves so I have some tools some hard drives and then I have my whole setup that I use for voice over work when I'm doing my story pieces or if I just need to use voiceover in any of my videos so this is what I use for voice over work I have my zoom classic h4n I've had this thing since College I mean this thing is ancient still works great and I plug in an XLR I have my rode pod mic and then I just have this little set of acoustic foam it's a little Cove so I could sit here and I could do some audio for voice over work I like just having an easy system to be able to sit here and do some recording I've thought about actually putting this whole setup onto my pole and making it all in one but it's not that hard to pull this out and just have my voice over or if I'm not shooting any a-roll over here I'll just keep this on my desk and just keep it here so that I can come over and do some different voiceover work if that's something that I'm working on now I have this other window here and I got these blackout Shades so if I do want light in here I can open these up and I can bring in some additional light but I also have the same blackout Shades up here so if I don't want to have this look of these bars in the background well what I could do is bring down these blackout Shades and then I could just black out the entire room typically I don't really do that these work fine but if I'm working on something where I want no light in this room well then I'll just pull down this Blackout Shade and it completely blacks out the room I think it's always good wherever you're setting up your YouTube studio is you have the option to be able to Black it out if you really need to just control the light and not have any light spilling into the space Also over here I have my fake plant which is great for some green and some background elements and then of course my hundred thousand YouTube award sits right up there as well now on the bottom of my rack I have backup power so if the power goes out in the neighborhood well I can have about two to three hours of power still on these hard drives which allows me to just close up projects get things done and turn every everything off when I close this it actually cuts out all the sound of all those hard drives and it's silent in this room all I have is my AC unit which AC is super important so I installed a little AC unit up here in the corner the actual compressor is outside but when I was in my old Studio back in my apartment years ago I had no AC I was on the third floor and I just was always shooting videos and just dripping sweat and drying off and I told myself I would never have a space without proper AC again and we have AC in our house however I got a separate unit just for this room so that I can completely control temperature so that when I'm filming I'm not sitting here dripping sweat no matter what it is outside now another thing that I like to have is a white board I like to have a big white board this is one that's on wheels that can move around and it's got two sides so I could flip it so when I'm working on a story project I can wheel my whiteboard over here and it could be right next to my desk and I could be doing some writing I could be scripting out things that could be trying to plot out what's going on while also working on the edit so I could very easily move around this space and just be able to have a space where I can write anything notes and just put it up physically in a big area so that I can work on my projects when I'm working on stories a lot of times I like to just write down a bunch of different notes and having a whiteboard just makes it so that I can get off my computer because I don't always like just sitting on the computer for everything I like having notes physically in front of me and instead of using like paper on my desk I like to use the big whiteboard now to fill this wall because it was just a blank gray wall for a while I just have a few drone shots that I've taken these are canvas prints that were 30 bucks on some deal and I just swapped these out once in a while for different photos just kind of brings some life to this room especially this big gray wall and the reason that it's this color gray is this is a film neutral gray it's a special paint so when you're doing color grading the gray behind is not reflecting any color not an orange tin or a blue tint so you can see your colors accurately on the monitor so I just painted the whole room this color and it works well for filming and editing so the good thing about this setup on the pole here is that like my microphone I could just push up out of the way the light I could just push out of the way so it's all super movable so I could get over here into the corner so when I'm not filming I just have these things pushed up out of the way camera back and so I have complete space I don't have anything on the ground that's obstructing where I'm going and I have these two husky shelves these are work shelves for like tools but they work great for camera gear as well I have a little charging station here I think six charging ports USB and my iPad here I have some air pods right now but if I need to charge anything this is a little station that I have set up over here I have my aperture MCS I have a ton of memory cards and just some things that I need access to all the time a lint roller which I have out to roll off my black shirts because I feel like there's always stuff on my black shirts and I have it out to remind myself to actually do it and then I forget to do it and then I have a chair for visitors I have my Robot vacuum cleans it nicely in this space and then I have a drum so if I ever get bored of editing I could sit here and play My Drum and that's it super simple and minimal that's how I like it when I'm in my creative space but this is the perfect creative YouTube office for me and hopefully this will give you some ideas on things that you can do in your space that could work for you all right so now that we've gone through all of my different YouTube Studios the last thing I want to dig into is what I do when I'm outside my studio a lot of the content that I produce I'll go outside I'll go on a hike or I'll be out traveling and shooting a video and in those moments I need to be able to make this happen without making it a huge process to set up everything and so I don't bring a ton of extra lighting I don't bring a ton of extra gear to do these types of a-roll videos when I'm away from my office so there's five things that we'll go through that's really going to help you when you want to shoot and you're in the outdoors now number one is lighting so when I'm working outside the key things that I'm looking for is Sun position so if the sun's in the sky and it's right overhead well it's not going to look that good you're gonna have these weird shadows on your face it's just not going to be that flattering I typically try to shoot my a-roll closer to Sunrise or Sunset if possible so the sun is lower in the sky this allows you to be able to put yourself in a position where you could have the sun kind of lighting you like this play this kind of at a 45 degree angle or you could even do more of a side light and be able to create more definition with your face so that it's not just fully in Black if the sun's behind you or fully in the sun if the sun's right in front of you or you know right up above where the Shadows are going down and you have these big raccoon eyes so ideally when you're working with the sun you just want it a little bit lower in the sky and you want to put it at a 45 or kind of a side light and that's going to give you the best look to be able to just create some interest in your shot now if you want more Beauty lighting well you're going to want to keep it at a 45 degree angle like this light here so that you have a nice fill on your face and also you want to think of your background so whenever you're shooting outside the key is finding an interesting background that's going to complement whatever you're shooting you don't want to just put yourself up against a brick wall rather find some area that has depth so that you could use this location to your advantage and really play around compositions to make it interesting so that your a-roll has more Flair than just you against a wall somewhere now if you're shooting in more of a cloudy situation well it's going to work to your advantage because clouds typically have nice soft light so it's going to make everything look better on camera and one thing to note though when it is cloudy the sun still does have a position somewhere in the sky and it might be brighter over here versus over here and so when you're shooting in clouds you still want to think about where the sun is and where the brightest part of the sky is and angle yourself towards that brighter part of the sky it's just going to make for a better looking shot because you'll have more contrast rather than just a completely flat face now the other thing that you could do is find shade because you don't have all these hard Shadows that are casted from direct sunlight rather you could position yourself to the opening where the sun is and be able to use that as a key light as if it's like a big giant key light so we got the Shaded spot and you can see as soon as you get out of that sun like look how harsh that is as soon as you get in the shade with the sun coming in from the sides it just has so much much better look yeah you could also use Reflections off buildings or anything that's brighter in the place that you're at to be able to act as that big key light that you use in your studio but one word of caution when it comes to reflective light if the building say is yellow or red well it's going to reflect that color back on you as well now the second thing that's important is your audio there's two ways that I do audio when I'm out away from my office the first is a shotgun microphone I just use a shotgun microphone on top of my camera and I typically put a windscreen on that because I don't want to hear any wind sounds or any breeze so I just want to have it as clean as possible so if I'm shooting with this kind of a framing on a wider lens then I'll use a shotgun microphone however I also do videos where I step away from camera and for those I'll use the DJI mic and that's just a little wireless mic that goes right here on my chest I'll either put it on my backpack or I'll put it on my shirt or even under my shirt and that allows me to step away from camera so whenever I'm more than an arm stretch away I'll use the DJI bike so that I could get anywhere I want and be able to use any different lenses that I want when I was recently in India shooting a documentary there was a lot of moments where I wanted to get away from camera to be able to show the scene that we're in but still be able to have these conversations on camera that you would be able to hear and be able to be a part of and so a lot of those situations we're using a DJI mic just so that we could get away from camera so use the microphones that make sense for the situation that you're in if you just want to use something like a wireless mic the whole time and not even think about a shotgun mic you could do that or you could switch between shotgun and wireless depending on where you are in position to your camera now the third thing you need to think about is your camera and your lens so when I'm shooting a-roll and I want to do kind of Vlog style where I'm holding the camera well my favorite lens is a 20 millimeter for Vlog style content I don't personally like the look of the 16 millimeter so I found the focal length that I like is a 20 millimeter and so I'll use the 20 millimeter if I'm ever hand holding the camera doing Vlogs or if I'm just talking the camera and I put the camera on a tripod it's a good distance to be able to use that shotgun microphone and not have to worry about a wireless mic because even though a wireless mic is good there is still instances where it might not work perfectly so having a shotgun mic makes it just super easy to shoot and you don't even really have to think about much when you're doing this kind of Vlog style content however if I'm getting away from camera and I want to have a wider shot or I just want to show a different style of composition I might use something like a 35 or even a 50 millimeter and in those situations I'm going to use the wireless mic to be able to capture my audio and also having that lens is going to give you a completely different feel if you're doing a-roll where you're just talking a camera like this putting it on a 50 is going to look really nice especially if you're shooting wide open you have a shallow depth of field now you could also close down your aperture and see what's going on in the background depending on the type of content you're producing so if you're talking about a location it might not be good to make it super shallow and out of focus and actually might be really good to see what's going on back there because of the content that you're producing and that brings me to the fourth thing that you need to think about when you're outside office and that is how you're shooting so as I've said earlier I do some Vlog and I do some on tripod you want to make sure that you're not just hand holding the camera and vlogging everything because that doesn't necessarily always look the best you want to put the camera on a tripod when possible and start playing around more with compositions and seeing what's in the background that's why I like to use wireless mics get away from camera and use some longer lenses because it's going to give a different feel than just always having a wide lens and walking around and vlogging a lot of times if it's just a tip video say I'm doing 10 tips for drone flying well instead of doing all Vlog or all on a tripod I'll mix it up so I might do one tip on a tripod the next tip I'll walk around and Vlog next tip I'll build on tripod with a different background different lens that way it breaks up the video and it has just more of an interesting visual style than all being one style so something to think about is breaking up that visual narrative and playing around with some Vlog style and also some on the tripod just because when you're outside the office it is fun to be able to move around put the camera in different locations and also change up how the camera is moving in relation to you and the last thing to think about is your color profile when you're out filming whenever I'm here in my office I just typically use cinetone that's just a color profile that Sony has built into a lot of their cameras and it just has a clean look out of camera this is a cine tone and the reason that I use just a standard look here in my office is that while I control all of the lighting so if something's too bright in the background well I can dim it so that it works for this and that way I don't really have to do any color grading or add a lot when I'm here at my office however when I go outside I'm always shooting in log and the reason for that is I want to be able to control my highlights and my shadows and be able to create a look out of the scene that I'm filming in if I use just a standard profile a lot of times the sky is going to get blown out you can't do anything with it it's just not going to look that good personally when I'm shooting outside the office I'm Outdoors there's bright Sun there's clouds I'm always is shooting in s-log and then from there I'm either adding a Lut onto that footage or I go through and make a color grade for that specific video shot in that location and color grading really comes down to the kind of look that you want out of your footage and you can really change it up depending on the style of content that you're producing if you want to learn more about color grading I'll put a course Down Below in the description that goes through all of the color grading tools that you can use and how you can create your own creative color grid when you're out filming now I know that was a ton to unpack in all of this video however if you want to learn more about shooting outdoor content in nature well make sure you check out this video right here it goes through 26 different tips on how to shoot outdoor style content and a lot of this will be really helpful if you just want to flip on the camera and hit record wherever you're at alright I'll see you over there

  Top Comments:
  1. @JevenDovey [1 likes]: See the USCREEN website I've built to teach you how to be a Creator: https://geni.us/JBQq9m
  2. @sailingmorningstar4036 [1 likes]: We need tools to turn our passion into reality - thanks so much Jeven for making it so.
  3. @letsgobrazil26: Hey Jeven, I  wish you would come to Brazil for a few days and help us set up our office with cameras and lighting!  Any chance you would come?
  4. @HTVDOCENT: Great video Jeven, what colour do your studio walls have? That type of grey is a great match with your rgb’s. Hope to hear,  greetings from The Netherlands 🙏🏻
  5. @shilohbell1573: Gah! Cutest baby!
  6. @ashley_parchment: Setting up in my living room.  Thank you for the help! Also "Can you pause? I need him to take care of something real quick." LOL
  7. @GadgetsGearCoffee: Thank you for making this and the other long format full fledge videos with tons of values!
  8. @hamiltonramostech: Awesome. This is a masterclass!  Thanks. Subscribed.
  9. @jasonkoh: Thank you so much for this Jeven! Man I love seeing your journey through this video - thats amazing. Love the style of the new studio and hearing your thought process to get everything working smooth and eliminating areas of friction. The amount of work and effort put into those studios is mind blowing but something I'm really going to start thinking about soon. Thank you  brother
  10. @alannajm: How could this get any dislikes?? such valuable information for free!!   Thank you Jeven ^-^
  11. @old_man_handsome: Wow! thk u
  12. @AndrewEST87: Can you pause hahaha
  13. @Spexforlife: I have a four-month-old right now, relate to the spit up. :D Nice video!
  14. @BigRollextv: Thank you for the information 🙏🏾 Where did you get that drum?
  15. @RNTULexplores: As I'm ramping up my video uploads...always setting up outdoors will not be realistic as the set-up takes so much time. Eventually need to transform my day job workspace into a full blown youtube studio for easier product reviews and more frequent communication to my viewers. Thanks again for your advice Jeven!!
  16. @susannerja9152: I have a small bedroom
  17. @AndrzejGieraltCreative: Is this a re-upload?
  18. @MarcusTDM: Superb video. I wasn’t expecting to see that you’re MacBook Pro is the main computer! I was expecting an Apple Mac Pro or something! Would love a purpose use studio like that.
  19. @HabsGamer: If I'm shooting at any of these settings: 2,7K/240 fps, 4K/120 fps or 5,3K/60 fps, will the Apple 14.2" MacBook Pro with M1 Max Chip be powerful enough to edit my footage? thanks
  20. @DavidMossAI: Man I’m just moving into a new apartment tomorrow, your channel is my absolute favorite!

- DIY CHEAP BUDGET VIDEO LIGHTING SETUP (Breakdown: Peter McKinnon, Casey Neistat, Zach Ramelan & More: Kind: captions Language: en hold on hold on here I come hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hey so real quick I'm tired of getting made fun of for the backgrounds in my videos not by you you guys are super nice mainly by my wife so we're fixing that still not the best audio but we're fixing the backgrounds today I'm going to show you how to turn this into the pitch this watch this why don't you work this into this into this into this it's better right right cue the intro [Music] I'm like some poor man Peter MacKinnon at best geez first of all we need to get a new memory card for this camera so I leave a minute worth of time left what's up Browncoats I'm Brendon Hufford if you're new here I'm just a regular guy I've sold to online businesses I quit my teaching job to pursue a full-time career in online marketing and helping clients get more leads sales and conversions from SEO and sometimes like in this case I make videos about making videos in this video you'll learn how I made this behind me plus I'll do a breakdown of other Creators backgrounds as well as my evolution I'll share at least two creators definitely one maybe two creators YouTube creators that you've never seen before and I'll also breakdown their video background and what I'm talking about backgrounds I'm not talking about like inspiring views and mountains and traveling you're like president I can't replicate this I can't do this look I just made this from stuff laying around my house I think I went out and bought a couple lights it's less than twenty dollars it doesn't have to be that fancy it's a fake IKEA plant right there I don't know in the 4-hour workweek because of course so I'm a student of the game I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love YouTube why am i yelling I I don't know anyways I noticed that all my favorite creators had the coolest background it's not like inspiring mountains or anything like scenic and majestic whatever just like interesting stuff like behind their head when they were just talking to the camera and I want to inspire you to be able to do the same to make the same for your videos and also I want to break down the top creators videos so we can aspire to be maybe more like them if there's something in their video you're like oh that's cool I want something like that so before we get to my breakdown and like how I put this together on absolutely zero budget I want to break down these top YouTube creators since you're still watching make sure you subscribe give it a thumbs up if this has been even helpful so far let's get it oh and I guess we should mention that I this was clearly filmed later when I'm done and back when I did it I had a beard and not this crazy silly mustache so maybe that will matter to I don't know either way we're gonna have fun so the first create I want to do a breakdown of is Roberto Blake when I love about Roberto is in his backgrounds there's always something like very on it's very Star Wars it's very nerdy so even look as he changes here goes into this new background you can see like it's still Star Wars he's very on brand he has a little group well you can see the background it's very evident like I'm a video creator I got gary vaynerchuk's book here but it's in focus so you can see it it's not blurred out it's not supposed to be like very bouquet and blurry in the background so you can see here even the proto changes it up sometimes here he's filming you know inside of a room I don't know if this is like his a hotel room or whatever you can see he's taking advantage of the window light he's not using his regular setup the background is very neutral he doesn't have all of his usual stuff back there I know in his other videos he'll have books and things what I love about the background for Roberto is it's very often on brand I think it's cool that he's moving maybe away a little bit from what he's done in the past with regards to the background next somebody who I've always loved the backgrounds of kc9 staff so Casey's studio and what I love about him is his studio is like a character in all of his films whether he's talking to the camera or anything else like that the studio is a character it's alive it has parts it has a voice it has all of these different things he uses the background of his studio to tell a story similarly to how I want to tell a story with the backgrounds my videos now we can't all expect to have a background like this I know him and his assistants have probably spent hundreds if not a thousand hours on this but everything tells a story the outline of the tool is everything in its place like the level of organization and thoughtfulness and the design really tells you a lot about the Creator but similarly the goal with my background again is to have some sort of character to have something else to interact with something else that tells a story about me more than just what I'm saying into the camera up next our third creator that we're gonna take a look at is Zack Raymond now I'm not really sure if it's you say Zacks last name rainylin or Rommel on I've heard one person homeland I've always in my head read it as Rommel on I don't know Zack I'm super sorry you make some of the dopest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever and I absolutely love what you do so let's take a look at Zacks backgrounds sometimes you'll see Zack is able to use really good effective window light to get a really cool effect he also does a really interesting like blurred background his depth of field is really shallow maybe thin is the wrong word because I don't really know what I'm talking about but it's interesting is he moves forward no way like he doesn't have a lot of movement in his videos because typically that things go out of focus really really fast Zack wants himself in focus and everything else to have that sort of bouquet that blur effect what I love is when Zack does interior shots when he does a talking into the camera video something inside he does really cool stuff with light whether it's just these lamps in the background that you saw a second ago or even just putting a light box on the ground here in the background that little thing on the ground is literally a light box plugged into the wall with a sweatshirt or something thrown over it and then he kind of changes that up from time to time so you still see he's using that under lighting the whole background is kind of blurred out but again this tells us toilet those are his photos on the wall everything there is extremely thought like he's extremely thoughtful in his backgrounds up next he vaunted I don't even know that's right word the vaulty Peter McKinnon I love Peter McKinnon he's so fun what I love most about Peter is he actually talks about his backgrounds and he teaches about it kind of what I'm trying to put together here if you check the description below there's a playlist of all of the videos you're seeing here in full form so you can watch them all in a row and get a lot of good ideas what I love about Peter is the use of Lights so whereas you saw Zack would use like a big light box and these really cool big blurs Peter uses really small light bulbs almost like these edit really cool maybe they're LED like edison style bulbs to get really interesting effects in the background who's also using here a computer monitor that I think is really helpful gives you again a cool effect it also kind of tells that story of like I am this is what I edit my videos on this is where I work things like that then this he's moved into his new studio you can see he's done some really interesting things with just like the neon sign in the background the like all of the different parts everything's super thoughtful and everything in the background whether you can see they're not we can really only see the neon sign but there's so much in his background that is there that tells a story about him the lightsaber the coffee the walking dead figurine like it's just it all tells you more about him up next I want to share with you a crater you probably have never heard of because he doesn't focus on video and teaching about video and photography so this my friends is Dave Chesson what's really cool here is that we're gonna trace through a progression of his video so you can see like he had originally this really a good background then he gets a little bit better so things are a little more blurred out but now the logo is lit up so you can see it but it looks a little awkward still using the blue light behind the shelves now this is the best version you can see everything is framed incredibly well he's really in focus the blue light has kind of really you know everything looks blue in there he's lost that kind of yellow glow that he had earlier I think this is some of Dave's best record it what's really cool is you can trace through one two three you can see the different progression through Dave's videos and this is what you should have in your videos as well and probably what I'll have in mind alright so step one get the books where I want them I think I'm gonna take most of the books off and then get lights I think we have enough plugs and outlets back there is there anything else from those videos that you saw that you're like oh we definitely need that or like think about that but here's the thing it's like this is all you're gonna be able to see in the background I use a thirty-five millimeter lens and like it doesn't have a super wide angle to it I also notice I still look at the view off to the side but it doesn't have a super wide shot so we're not going to get a ton of these bookshelves into battle you could see the difference as I switch between you know my iPhone and this like what the difference is just in perspective like you can literally see the difference between these two shots of camera iPhone camera iPhone camera iPhone camera I switched I messed that up at some point so what happens is that because it's so much narrower there's not a lot that I can do with the lighting the background but I still want to have a super interesting background so you can see like I already started clearing off one shelf right here but the point is like you can't even really tell what the books even are these books are all super important to me and I want the background of my videos too similar to a Peter McKinnon or a KC nice dad or is that Rommel on like I want the background of my videos Matt do Vala does a great job of this with a background is also a character right it's a character in the video so what that means I'm gonna need to do a better job of minimizing what's back there so it stands out a little more even though my fat head takes up most of the screen so now you can see the Lighting's getting a little bit better I didn't do anything special I just simply turned all the lights off there's still a little bit of ambient light coming from a window right there I might cover that up I might not I kind of like it all you must turn off all the lights and I put a lamp with no lampshade on it just right next to my face here kind of gives that like light on one side dark on the other side and I really like that look so this is kind of step one as far as not even lighting the background just how I'm lighting things the shelves are cleared off and we're gonna start adding things back in a little bit more thoughtfully as opposed to the hot mess that it was before again I want all of everything back there to be intentional so the lights are pretty cool I'm gonna play around with a couple different things we'll see how those look will also be a little bit more thoughtful on what books I have there because I want the books to matter even though you can't really see them still important to me we went to Target we went to Menard got some light and light as an old lampshade doesn't matter just these little lights to go behind the see how we're kind of building this here in the background here I have this really cool show some close-ups here of like the really cool like little it's actually a candle warmer this is the 4-hour workweek we got the some of my Chuck Palahniuk books he's definitely my favorite author in the world all-time maybe Ryan holiday salat I don't have any Ryan holiday books oh I do actually have one let me let's let's add that I can't find my copy about school is the way believe it or not like probably one of my favorite books of all time gone no idea where did find some more Chuck Palahniuk books can I keep feeling this in here in the back here in a second but what I really wanted to show you is just like how I'm putting this together hopefully it's helpful for you to see it again like having something to say matters found it freaking freaking put it in focus for a night found it so excited I don't know like you can't can you even see can you even see what those are does it even matter I don't know but it it matters I don't even know if it matters this matters so much so much to me like obstacles the way is there now all over the place by Geraldine Arun is there now like I'm so happy that like this things in my background if you recognize them you're like ah I'm with Brendan like we sit at the same lunch table we're on the same team your background can have all of those kind of effects I'm gonna try one one last thing to see if we can kick up the background a little bit more and that is simply these these Christmas lights these mini lights I'm gonna put them up behind the books so you haven't even bother moving the rest that when I put them up behind these books I still got to put something on this bottom shelf here but we'll figure that out in a second I just want to see what happens when I backlight the books a little bit so simply just putting some of those Christmas lights over there behind it makes all the difference not like let's look here's me you can see it's a little bit more blurred out when I sit down and like focuses back on me right I love like this little glow over here just makes me super happy that's so great now not not so thrilled about this light anymore let's let's see what we can do about that so that's a little more intense I guess so here it's close further away now now it's like super freaky like there's a light bulb like right there that's that's uncomfortable and terrible maybe it looks great I don't know we'll see I want to try one thing I bought some gel filters never played with these before I change the color of it a little bit let's see what happens when I try some different gels now it's like a purpley light and now it's like more of a red light all right so mustache Brendon back again I hope this was super helpful for you I hope that breaking down Zack I'm still gonna screw his name's a crema and Zack ramble on i film ramble on Zack help help please Casey's Peters Dave's kind of how he evolved in his backgrounds of his videos I think he's a stellar like one of the best examples I'm glad to be able to share that with you excite know Dave and I love him in my evolution as well to kind of get to this and this is going to continue to evolve like I'm so excited to change these books right and see if anybody recognizes what books they are I always looked at my monitors like right over here so I'm like looking at that all the time it's a problem so I want to be able to show you this evolution I wanna be able to have cool stuff in the background and I just have something to say you should always have something to say in everything that you do and I'm gonna keep harping on that every single part of your videos even if they're poorly edited they have bad audio like this one like whatever it's the message matters more than anything and try to be super thoughtful in everything that you do again make sure to subscribe we're making a lot more videos on digital marketing videos SEO I'll probably even make something about how I quit my teaching job because there's a couple videos my channel that are getting tons of traction about that if that sounds like something you want please subscribe give this video a thumbs up if it's been helpful and if you decide to use any of the ideas from this video please let me know in the comments below I genuinely want to hear what was helpful about this video for you until next time and I've been bred and huffard don't get to work hard be nice people and don't get to laws trying to create something that matters oh hey oh hey real quick I wanted to add something so this video looks a little bit different than the behind the scenes stuff that I was doing the making of right you can notice it's a different level of what Maddie and Peter McKinnon call that that's sweet sweep okay behind me that's because this what I'm filming on now is an 18 to 55 millimeter I think what does it say on it yeah 18 to 55 it's the kit lens it's what came with the camera alright and what I was filming on before was this 35 millimeter lens it's fixed it doesn't zoom in and out I have to like move my camera and that gives me a different level of like how essentially how big I am in the screen and also how blurred out the background is I like this a little better because I fit a little better in the screen and also you can kind of see what some of these books are like everything back to like I said is really intentional anyways all my videos are edited in iMovie everything has been previously shot on except for one video shot on my iPhone like you can do this this is just kit stuff this is basic entry-level technology you don't have to be a master at any of this you can do it with the basic stuff I just want to inspire you to be able to do that in your own videos so if you're like hey this looks good just use the kit lens if you want to upgrade do the 35 millimeter and see what works best for you I'm I'm not gonna do I'm not gonna do the outro again but right there we go

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZachRamelan [2 likes]: NICE JOB MAN!
  2. @thejasonresnick [1 likes]: Well done Brendan -- the candid and real BTS stuff is very helpful

This is super helpful to be mindful of the backgrounds of the videos (which I haven't jumped into yet, but will be shortly)
  3. @aureliemazet5184: Funny intro
  4. @svldvc: your audio is hitting the top rev limiter! bring it down a little....come on..! Great enthusiasm though!
  5. @jervinquisada9774: Nice clips man! Really like your videos, because I do same kind of stuff! ⚡️⚡️
  6. @briandgarside: This is gold! I love that you get better with every video!

- CHEAP DIY Lighting Setup For YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm gonna take you inside of a hardware store and show you a fantastic do-it-yourself solution for studio lighting, so that you don't have to spend a bunch of money to make your videos look good, and we're starting right now. ♪This is how we live and waiting all week♪ Okay, so the first thing that you have to have, is you have to have something to actually hold the lights themselves. I'm at Home Depot, and they have an amazing solution for this. Let me show you. So I'm gonna break this into two parts, one part is going to be the thing that actually holds the light, the second part is going to be the actual lights themselves, so you can make sure that you get the right bulbs that actually go into the things that hold the bulbs. Okay, so first is the actual solution for holding the bulbs themselves. So, if you look right here, this is a great thing to put the bulbs in. It allows you to actually clamp the light to anything that you want. So you can clamp it to a chair, you can clamp it to the top of a closet, you can clamp it to anything that has a ledge of any kind, that you can actually just clamp the light to, so that you can put the lights wherever it is that you need to put them, in order to have them shining on you properly. And if you look right here, you can see, that they have different sizes of these lights. So, this one here, is an extremely small size so if you just wanna put some ambient light in the background, with let's say, a colored light or something like that, this would be a great solution for you. Where they have the bigger ones, down here, where if you want to fill a room with light, this is a great solution for you, in order to do that. Now, the best part about this solution is this light here is about $10, for the medium size this one here, is about $8, for the small size, and then the big one that I showed you right here, this one is about $15. So you can get away with one, two, three, of these if you really wanna put something in the background, like a color, or just have some additional light going on in the background, but you're looking with just these, very, very low price. Now, let's go check out the lights. (upbeat music) These are the ones that you want. If you watch any of my videos, and you like the color of my videos, if you like the lighting in my videos, that all comes from these particular lights right here, and I'm gonna explain to you why it is that I use these. So these here, the reason I use these, is because they are Daylight Deluxe Bulbs, and what that means is that they are daylight balanced. So these mimic daylight the most whereas these, these are like a softer white, these might have a little bit of a yellow tinge to them a little bit, which these are okay to use, but if you're gonna use something like this, these are better in the background of your shot, instead of actually hitting you and making your skin look weird, whereas these will make your skin look natural, as long as you white balance your video properly. But wait, there's more. As another option for you, if you like the way my videos look, and you like the color that I have in the background, these lights here are a fantastic solution for you, because they'll put just enough color into the background to kinda help you pop out a little bit, or just to give a little bit of an atmosphere to what it is that you're doing. Now, you can use any color, you don't have to use blue, you can use red, you can use purple, you can use green, you can even use yellow, or any other color, just something to create a little bit of depth, between you, and what's happening in the background. Now of course, this is all limited to your creativity. For example, some creators will put the Edison Bulbs in the background, where it just gives a little bit of a hint of the light, where it still looks cool, but it's just a different kind of light, and I know some creators, I actually just recently upgraded my stuff to this as well, but if you use a lot of color in your videos, in terms of colored lighting, they'll also get the Hue Lights. Now, these are a little bit more expensive, but you can just tell them, or you can adjust an app, to where they will actually change the color to whatever it is that you need the color to be. But again, this is like the next level up, these are definitely not a budget solution for your lighting. Whereas everything else that I talked about previously, those are the budget solution for your lighting. If you're into DIY solutions, and you wanna know how to make an awesome DIY background for your YouTube videos, watch this video right here, this one here is something that YouTube thinks you should watch, and to learn more about growing your channel, making videos and all types of other YouTube related stuff, start now, by hitting the round subscribe icon so that you don't miss anything. Thank you so much for watching, I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [37 likes]: How to make an awesome DIY video background - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZlOwM3sQZk
  2. @nettaeneetv [1 likes]: I love you ❤️
  3. @roseruiz313: i like seeing u out there at home depot helping us, thank you.😃
  4. @pnr2736: Yooo
  5. @yourtravelbestietarra: Ugh. THANK YOU!!!!! 😊
  6. @huntrrams: Thanks for this video!
  7. @worldmeetsgirl23: Thanks for this.
  8. @GregTurismo: This background music is blasting...
  9. @3dchick: Awesome, thank you!
  10. @TwinBytesInc: Exactly what I needed to hear.  Thank you Nick!
  11. @benpayzant3623: Such a smart idea. I watched it twice because of how good it is.
  12. @watchvidz7162: Thanks bro. This will do for now
  13. @heavymetalchef5132: This was a sweet video! Heading to Home Depot!
  14. @vikashjha4447: Hey Nick. I have started my cooking channel. Could you please suggest what lighting setup would be great?
  15. @Coookie9: Ok that's exactly how much budget I have😂 nice👍
  16. @NicholeMars: Super helpful thanks Nick
  17. @AstenRegis: Love these tips Nick. Lighting is so important and nice tips here for people just starting out.
  18. @TheHomieSeries: I learn something new each day that's amazing
  19. @rushiljain6541: Do you have a solution on how can use phone flashlight to light up the face. I have problems with illuminating my face with my flashlight and record
  20. @tedtalksbass: @nicknimmin duuuuude thank you. Went to Lowe’s today and, let’s just say that I think the game has changed!!!

- How To Light YouTube Videos Like A Pro: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm gonna show you how to light your videos so you can make them look like this if you want to. And we're starting right now. (hip-hop music) What is going on? My name is Nick. Welcome to another video. If this is your first time here and you want to learn how to grow your YouTube channel, you want to learn how to make videos and all types of YouTube related stuff, make sure to hit the subscribe button and the little bell notification icon so you don't miss anything. Okay, if you are not familiar with how to light your video, with how to make everything look good, how to make everything kinda pop a little bit, then you're really going to enjoy this video because I'm gonna share my setup and I'm gonna show you demonstrations of what the different lights do and why I use them. And real quick, let me know what you're doing. Are you currently using just the lights that are available in the room? Are you shooting outside so you can use the sun? Or do you have some type of studio lighting setup? Let me know down in the comments. This lighting setup that I have consists of only four lights. That's it. I have my key light up here to my left, I have my fill light up here to my right, and I have two blue lights that are shining behind me to give that blue color that you see behind me right now. Overall, it is an extremely simple setup, and I'm gonna take you through it right now and I'm gonna show you exactly what each light does. But first, we gotta turn them all off. (snap) Okay, this is what it looks like without any light whatsoever. Now the first light that I have is the key light. Now the key light, as you can see, lights up the one side of my face. It's basically the main light source that I use to light myself up. This is where all of my primary light comes from, and this light, which I'm gonna show you here in a minute, is just about, a little bit more than an arm's length away from me right now. The second light that I have is the fill light. Now as you can see, the fill light fills in this side of my face. It basically fills in the shadows that I have on my face. Even with both of these lights on, you know, it lights me up nicely. You know, it actually gives me a nice even light. Now if I wanted to do a more of a film style video, then I would turn the fill light down a little bit so that I don't have as much light coming from this side, but I personally prefer a more even look. Even though that I am evenly lit, you can see that the scene in the background, you know, it's bland looking right now because everything is dark back there and even though there's a nice highlight on me, it just doesn't have that nice pop that you're used to seeing in my videos. And of course, the reason for that is because the blue light is not on here behind me. Now, once I turn on the blue light... You know what? We'll actually turn it on right now. And you can see, by using that light, the big different that it makes as far as making me pop out from the background instead of the background just being kind of dull and boring. Now the fun part, I'm going to actually show you the lights that I use. This first light is my key light. This is a can light, it is made for photo or video lighting. However, using a light for photo or video lighting is not necessary. I'm gonna put links down in the description below to extremely cheap versions of these that you can use for your lighting setup. With my key light as you can see, I have a t-shirt stretched over the front of it. I basically cut a t-shirt in half, and I tied it around to soften up the light that's coming from that light. By doing this, I'm taking the harshness away from the light. I'm basically softening the light that's hitting my face which gives everything a more pleasant look and it softens my skin and it softens all of the things that that light is hitting. In a nutshell, it makes everything a little bit more pleasant, and there's nothing fancy involved. I mean, as you can see, I've got a t-shirt tied around it. - Nick, that was genius! Like 3000 units of pixie dust. Beautiful! - Brian G., folks. If you are not already subscribed to Brian, he also makes videos for YouTubers, so make sure to head over there and check out his channel as well. I'll put a link to him down in the description and a card up here somewhere for you. The second light is my fill light. Now this light I have bouncing off of the wall or actually reflecting off of the wall and off of the ceiling to fill in the other sides. So this light is not soft because I have a t-shirt wrapped around it, this light is getting softened by reflecting off of the wall and the ceiling. As you can see in this diagram, the key light is about two and a half to three feet away from me and the fill light is about five and a half to six feet away from me. By setting up the light this way, it provides enough light onto me that it makes everything look decent. These are the lights that are behind me, the blue lights that you see projecting onto the curtain. These are also can lights, but instead of having the white daylight balanced bulbs inside of them, I just went to the store and I got party lights because videos on this channel, you know, they're like a party. Just kidding. Back to the demo. In this situation, I use two of these can lights, I can technically get away with one of them, but I like to use the two so that I can spread the light wider in the particular situation that I'm in so that it covers the entire background with the blue instead of just a small area like it used to. Now the positioning of the lights are extremely important. I have both of my lights, I have my key and my fill. Even though the distances are a little bit different, I have them at a 45-degree angle. Now if I move my key light away, then you can see the effect that it has. Basically I have my fill light coming in and it makes the entire scene look terrible. So you know it's nice to bring everything back to normal. Now with my lighting I use daylight balanced bulbs. These bulbs are from Philips and they are only 24 watt bulbs so they're not extremely powerful, they're not extremely hot, but luckily because I'm using my DSLR camera, it gives me the ability to adjust my camera around the lights as well as adjusting my lights around the camera setting. Now let's say you're using a webcam or your phone to record your videos. You can use a similar setup or the same exact setup really, the only difference might be that you're going to have to manually dial in the settings on your webcam or your phone. That means that you're going to have to make sure that your white balance is solid so that the actual color of the light is being picked up accurately, and that also means that you're gonna have to take your exposure from automatic to a manual exposure so that you can adjust the brightness of your video. And it doesn't matter if you're on an iPhone, an Android, or any other type of phone, as long as you can put apps into it, there are apps that can help you manually adjust if your built in settings don't allow you to do so. If you are using a webcam for your videos and you cannot find where to make the adjustments for the white balance and for the exposure and all that stuff, there is software available. I know I've used MiniCam in the past, I've used Sparkosoft in the past, and those will help you make the adjustments manually so that you are not relying on automatic settings because when you set up lights like this, you need to have everything in manual because if you don't, as much light as you're putting into it, your camera or your phone or your webcam, it's going to auto adjust for the additional lights that you're putting in and it's going to make everything look crazy. Okay maybe it's not going to make it look crazy but you know what I mean, it's not going to look right. You will also find links that will show you extremely budget versions of the stuff that I use here so if you're on a tight budget, it'll really help you out to get started and to help, you know, help you get your light situation taken care of for an extremely low price. And by low price, I'm talking a handful of bucks for a two light or a four light setup. Boom! That's delivering value. If you enjoyed this video, remember to give it a thumbs up. If you see another YouTuber that has bad lighting in their videos, share this video with them. Help them out. And of course, if you're not already subscribed, you can click on the circle icon to subscribe to the channel right now. You should do that so You can click on the square icon to head over to Tuber Tools to get stuff for your YouTube channel or you can click on the other side and watch more videos. Thank you so much for watching, I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [15 likes]: If you find this video helpful please share it somewhere with this link --> https://youtu.be/OBotSKBwgKw   Thank you! ❤️️
  2. @x86ed: I currently have 3 crappy ring lights and two of them broke off their tripod 🤣
  3. @shabnasahildreamsanddiarie9838: i am using ur tips, but my channel is not even moving and no views as well. please advise wat am i doing wrong.
  4. @RashiaMonee: I had a ring light for 3 years, as soon as I get ready to do my first Vlogmas video, the stand falls over and the light breaks... heartbroken is an understatement, hence why I'm here! lol But resilience is key so I'm here to find maybe some even better options. :)
  5. @MariaNicoleStyle: Hi Nick! Great Video. Do you have your key light at head level or is it shining from above or below?  Thanks!
  6. @046TeamRednose: Im about to pick up my editor skills so this really helps
  7. @mommsorge: Right now I’m using room lights for my videos. The light I’m using is reflecting off the wall and ceiling so that’s not so bright. I do have a question though. I have massive glare off of my glasses. It doesn’t seem to matter what position I, or the light is facing. I don’t expect to be able to get rid of all of it, but I thought my viewers might appreciate if I could at least reduce it some. Any suggestions?
  8. @debanjanmondalphysio: Thanks for making this type of videos
  9. @mathmasters842: very helpful. thank you
  10. @CRCMediaCRC: Helpful
  11. @poketipscr: Great Idea Nick, what do you used as your stand for your main light?
Thank you.
  12. @spivlogs4787: How many lumens is the party light? Or the wattage? 100 watts 1600 lumens?
  13. @Varanormal: Loved this video!!!
  14. @AdventuresInDirt: Im always surprised how you get everything to fade into black behind you ... why doesn't your key/fill light illuminate your background more?  It sure is an art form in itself.  I would guess the trick is to start with a very dark room.  When Ive tried something similar, as soon as I turn on my key light, boom, the room illuminates.
  15. @jeffmurnahan: My phone is picking up a bright glow in the video where my lights are just out of frame. How do I get rid of that? I set the white balance and I can’t lower the iso anymore without underexposing the whole shot.
  16. @DINOSAURIA: I have a question. I have glasses and when the lights hit me on the face, the light reflects on the glasses and they appear white on camera. What do I need to do?
  17. @itsjustme2682: I made my own light
  18. @CreateNowSleepLater: Any recommendations (or do you have a video) on adjusting the color, white balance on an iPhone?
  19. @israelnicodemusyakubu7296: Hey Nick!
How many metres are you away from your background?
Can you make a video about it?🙏
  20. @in2Rafi: I am using just one single DIY light.

- Tips For Being On Camera: Kind: captions Language: en - In this video, I'm going to share with you the personality that is required to make YouTube videos, and we're starting right now. ♫ That's just how it is ♫ Ain't waiting on me What is going on? My name is Nick. If this is your first time here, make sure that you hit the subscribe button because I share all types of YouTube and video tips that are gonna help your videos be more awesomer as well as help grow your channel and your presence here on YouTube. With that out of the way, today's question is from Deyaa Taha, I hope I'm saying that right. Deyaa asks, "I hope that you make a video "about the personality that YouTubers should have. "And your channel is just the best." Thanks Deyaa. Real quick, let me know in the comments down below if you have a personality thing holding you back from making videos or if you think that your personality isn't good enough or if you think that, "Hey, I think that YouTubers need to have "this particular type of personality." Let me know, I'm curious to know what you think. What personality do you need to have a successful YouTube channel? It's a big question. But Deyaa, I've got an answer for you. Here we go. Any personality will do. If you're watching this video, you have the personality to make YouTube videos. Here's the thing, a lot of people think that in order to make YouTube videos, that you have to be this amplified person, that you have to have all of these energy, that you have to act a certain way, that you have to do all of these certain things in order to make YouTube videos or in order to grow an audience on YouTube. With that said, some things might resonate better with some people than others because a more interesting person could increase the watch time. However with that said, depending on the type of videos that you're making, the information that you provide is what is most important. Here's what I mean. Let's say that you are somebody that does not have the amplified stereotypical YouTube personality, but you are filled with valuable information. That information is going to far surpass the personality that you have as long as you are packaging that information in a way that is valuable to the people that are watching your videos. You are going to grow an audience over time because you are providing The best way that I can answer this question is, the best personality to have for YouTube is the personality that you already have. In addition to that, I have a few more tips for you. When you're making this type of video or a video where you're on camera, the camera's automatically going to take away a little bit of your energy so the people that are watching your video, they're already gonna perceive a little bit less energy than what it is that you're putting into your videos. Let's see if I can make an example of this one. Right now, I'm putting a huge cap on my energy, and because of that, you can probably tell that the whole motion and the whole vibe of my video is majorly being sacrificed for this segment. With that said, some people prefer that type of content. There's tons of people that watch my videos and they say, "Hey man, you move around too much. "Hey man, you talk too fast," you know, whatever. I'm not saying that the way I do it is correct. All I'm saying is, if you want the video to be an accurate representation of you, and you don't want to amplify and have all of this extra energy when you're doing it, then you should turn up the energy volume just a little bit so that when the camera does suck away that little bit of energy that you are giving a better representation of yourself. Now, here's the best part. Because the people on YouTube and people on the internet in general, they don't know you in real life so you can put whatever version of yourself that you want into these videos. For example, in my normal life when I have a conversation with somebody, I'm not all over the place, I'm not throwing my arms all over the place. I might move around a lot because I have hyperactive energy. Friends of mine actually even say, "Hey man, why don't you stand still?" Because when I'm just standing there, a lot of times, I'll just kinda sway around or move around just a little bit because that's the energy that's inside me. Because of that, this is the side of me that I choose to let out of the cam when I make my videos. Some might even say it's the real me. But if that's the real me then who am I all those other times? Anyway, what I'm getting at is the best personality for YouTube If you are a calm person, be a calm person. If you're an excited person, be an excited person. Be yourself. Be authentic. And that is what is most important. Don't act a certain way if that way is not what is inside of you already. Just be real. Be who you already are and focus on delivering helpful, valuable, fun, hilarious, encouraging, insightful, inspiring information. Then whatever personality that you have, will carry you the rest of the way. Don't ever let the idea of saying, "Hey, I don't have the personality to do that," hold you back from making videos if you are wanting to make videos. Church. Also, remember that I put useful links down the description below to the equipment that I use, Tuber Tools. I have a Facebook group that I'm gonna be opening soon. It might even be open by the time this video hits the internet. Other videos related to what I'm talking about that you should check out, and things like that. So make sure, if you're not checking out my video descriptions that that's something that you start doing. If you have a question that you want answered, make sure you leave it in the comments with the #NickNimmin and I'll see what I can do about answering your question in one of these videos. If you know anyone that is struggling with the situation of if they have a personality to make videos or not, then share this video with them, it might help them out. If you're not already subscribed, make sure to hit the subscribe button somewhere on this page so you can get more videos like this in the future. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thel45t [3 likes]: I have watched quite a few of your vids, YOU ARE HILARIOUS MAN!!!!!! Love the energy, and keep moving those hands!!!👌😂
  2. @sarahshairwayto2heaven [1 likes]: my memory is rubbish so I forgot what I am saying or stutter any tips please?
  3. @OMalihaMalik [1 likes]: Please make video on which camera should we use for better
Looks in YouTube vlogs
  4. @reedsartofadventure [1 likes]: I just let me goofy side have all the fun I normally feel I need to hide.
  5. @angeliqueroux3017: I was so scared that you were going to say I need to be more extroverted. ♥️ I’m so grateful that’s not the case. Personally, I’d rather not talk in my videos and just do artistic cinematic vlog type things.
  6. @TheCottageWildflower: Lol “CHURCH” ur funny
  7. @lobby76_: Hi nick hope you are safe 👊 i was doubtfull to be on camera let alone my voice on recording. More so as English is not my native language and i learned it from dvd’s with subtitles.But this video of yours has given me a peptalk if you like. I am who i am 😊 and i am Reiki level 1 so i am in balance 👍 thank you so much ❤️
  8. @SavvyTurtle: Well put and said and nothing beats an example compared to your 5 year ago videos to now when in 3 years ago perfect examples to bring it up a pinch! We are currently working on it, bringing it up a pinch is no issue to us quite comfortable in any situation rather its the processing of vocal fq's and time delays we are working on but we will get it all synced up in real time. Great video can mark it off my list now.
  9. @debanjanmondalphysio: Love your videos.nice one .plz make a video about the light you set in your room.
  10. @happysimpleliving: Thanks Nick, this video is a big help. Bless your heart man!
  11. @comedycenter5871: Nice you really helped me man.THANK!
  12. @MikesComputerTips: i made over 500 videos i have no more topic ideas,any help?
  13. @BenediktKluth: Gute Tipps!
  14. @StepByStepBass: Great stuff Nick, as always. You are my favorite Content Advisor.
  15. @andreatascum7336: I am way to shy on camera😅
  16. @JayNJoy: Thank you Nick. I need more practice and energy to become confident :-)
  17. @Tech9shokendra: Great video..👍
  18. @princejoeylee5785: love your vids nick :)
  19. @itsjustme2682: Thanx nick! that was really helpful
  20. @YuenDecisionClarity: Love your videos Nick! Where are you from?