- What Lens Should You Be Using for Talking Head?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Casey Neistat often shoots super wide,&nbsp;&nbsp; 10-14mm.. Becky and Chris shoot long at 105mm..&nbsp; Peter McKinnon, Lizzie Pierce, Peter Lindgren,&nbsp;&nbsp; all at 24mm. You’ll usually see ME at 85mm. Your lens choice when shooting a video will&nbsp;&nbsp; cause the biggest change in how everything&nbsp; looks. WAY more than which camera you use,&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe on par with what type of&nbsp; and what style of lighting you use. Lets look at a few examples and Ill&nbsp; match them up with things youre used&nbsp;&nbsp; to seeing. We’ll start out wide - super&nbsp; super common lens is the 24mm.. I could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wrong about these shots, photographers&nbsp; are a sneaky bunch, but Im probably not - Starting out with Peter McKinnon.. He shoots&nbsp; his talking heads wide. Notice how you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see a lot of the background, as in more&nbsp; than one wall in whatever room hes in,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he changes up constantly, thats probably&nbsp; a good tip, I dont know.. Fairly often hes even&nbsp;&nbsp; holding the camera, but when hes not you&nbsp; can catch him making adjustments on the&nbsp;&nbsp; fly - and that makes it clear the camera&nbsp; is two or three feet in front of him,&nbsp;&nbsp; hence probably a 24mm, almost always lit&nbsp; Rembrandt style, where hes using a large&nbsp;&nbsp; light source off to one side.. This has&nbsp; become a super common talking head lens&nbsp;&nbsp; for when your personality is whats driving the&nbsp; content, rather than information or the story. Casey Neistat, when hes in his&nbsp; studio is another wide angle,&nbsp;&nbsp; im guessing 24mm shooter. You can see MOST of&nbsp; his office, most of the time and hes always&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of fussing with his camera while talking -&nbsp; zooming in and out. He has the camera really low,&nbsp;&nbsp; so hes looking down at it. He’ll occasionally&nbsp; switch to a SUPER wide view, this is maybe 10mm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hes lit almost globally, from everywhere.&nbsp; He switches up his camera angle and focal&nbsp;&nbsp; length constantly so that a single shot never goes&nbsp; stale, but he stays really wide. When hes outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; hes using auto ISO - and you can tell because&nbsp; when he moves from the dark to the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; the camera automatically adjusts,&nbsp; but his motion blur stays the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the plane of focus doesnt change either. Those&nbsp; would be controlled by shutter speed and aperture. Becky and Chris, when theyre in their studio&nbsp; in front of one of their many temporary sets,&nbsp;&nbsp; often like a long lens. This is at&nbsp; least 100mm, and you can tell because,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you can see both of them, they&nbsp; definitely can not reach out and touch the&nbsp;&nbsp; camera and you only see maybe 8 feet wide of&nbsp; the wall behind them. This would mean their&nbsp;&nbsp; camera is positioned something like 20 feet away&nbsp; from them, and its focal plane is super narrow. Back to Casey for a second, and you&nbsp; can see all three walls of the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see like 40 linear feet of wall in&nbsp; the background of the shot.. When you have a&nbsp;&nbsp; longer lens like becky and chris are using, they&nbsp; only need to dress up this one little portion&nbsp;&nbsp; of a wall.. And thats actually what they do a&nbsp; lot, is build little sets to talk in front of.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the sets are just a wall on wheels that they&nbsp; can make look a certain way to match their theme. I shoot more closely to those two - I love&nbsp; the look of a long lens. This shot here is&nbsp;&nbsp; at 85mm. The camera is about 15 feet in front&nbsp; of me, and since its a narrow focal length,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though Im in a large space - Im in a&nbsp; warehouse, I only have to control for about 20&nbsp;&nbsp; feet of the wall behind me. There is 80 other&nbsp; feet of unsightly, disgusting warehouse wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; But I put a tool chest, some baskets full of&nbsp; lights and then some color on the roll up door&nbsp;&nbsp; back there and thats it. If I move the camera even&nbsp; closer so its a tight shot of just my head and&nbsp;&nbsp; shoulders, the background will practically&nbsp; disappear into just amorphous colors and&nbsp;&nbsp; shapes. But if I shoot this same set through&nbsp; a super wide angle, like casey niestat does,&nbsp;&nbsp; now you have access to all the crap in&nbsp; every direction. The room certainly looks&nbsp;&nbsp; larger - I also feel like this makes my face&nbsp; look too weird and round. To each their own. Casey, and Peter have an entire room that they’ve&nbsp; curated to look a certain way and you have access&nbsp;&nbsp; to that entire room.. I have an utter mess in&nbsp; every direction except whats directly behind me. In between the telephoto shots of Becky&nbsp; and Chris and the wide shots of Peter&nbsp;&nbsp; and Casey - newer Lizzie Pierce videos&nbsp; look like she’s using either a 35mm or&nbsp;&nbsp; a 50mm lens. Its still wide-ish - but youre&nbsp; only getting 10-12 feet of her back wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a really soft look to it.. I’m going&nbsp; to put this at 50mm f/1.4 - and it looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like she’s using a ring light, just above her&nbsp; and to her left, stage right. If you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; figure out what sort of a light someone is&nbsp; using, take a peek at their eyeballs. You&nbsp;&nbsp; get a super good reflection off someones eye&nbsp; of the light source or sources theyre using. Zooming in to peter - you can see a big&nbsp; soft box.. And actually on this shot,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im pretty sure thats a second but much dimmer&nbsp; soft box on the other side as a fill light. Looking at Casey - you cant see his eyes&nbsp; obviously because of his sunglasses,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you CAN see that hes just sitting in&nbsp; front of a window, which is why hes totally&nbsp;&nbsp; evenly lit. Not always the most flattering&nbsp; lighting, but at least theres a ton of light. Tony and Chelsea Northrup choose to light from&nbsp; both sides - and you can see the catch light -&nbsp;&nbsp; thats what the light in someones eye is called, is&nbsp; way smaller in her eyes than with Peter McKinnon,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even lizzy pierce who’s not using a soft box..&nbsp; And you can look into her eyes and see that she’s&nbsp;&nbsp; using two lights - I think tony and chelsea are&nbsp; either using a hard light, with no diffusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the lights are just pretty far away&nbsp; from their faces.. This causes harsher&nbsp;&nbsp; shadows and more reflections on your&nbsp; skin. Then again, they also shoot at&nbsp;&nbsp; 60fps and upload technical reviews in&nbsp; 1080p which has always made me feel weird. Matti Haapoja, looking like a big soft box,&nbsp; here he is at probably 20mm (lots of background&nbsp;&nbsp; wall space), and here he is at probably&nbsp; 50mm, (very little background showing).. Peter Lindgren is shooting at 24mm, and his&nbsp; light is up high above him, facing down - which&nbsp;&nbsp; causes his eyes to be in shadow some of&nbsp; the time. This shot catches a reflection&nbsp;&nbsp; of the soft box on his glasses and you&nbsp; can see the grid pattern on the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; Peter is using that to ensure the light&nbsp; only hits him, and falls off to the right&nbsp;&nbsp; of frame so that he can keep the rest of this room&nbsp; very dark for his moody LED lighting that he uses. I am also a fan of moody, dark lighting,&nbsp; and thats the way I have my other studio&nbsp;&nbsp; set up - a light with a pretty steep angle&nbsp; to one side, and a dark background. Except,&nbsp;&nbsp; again im at 85mm in this shot so that you only&nbsp; see a little bit of that room.. Because, sigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im a mess.. Here’s that room with a wide angle. Peter is definitely shooting at a VERY wide open&nbsp; aperture. f/1.4 or possibly even f1.2 - you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see the focus falls off even on his own shoulder,&nbsp; just a few inches further back than his face.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the background is just completely out of&nbsp; focus, even though hes on a wide angle lens. This is true for more than just a talking&nbsp; head youtube shots also, of course.. The&nbsp;&nbsp; same with photography - If youre setting up&nbsp; a portrait of someone and trying to design&nbsp;&nbsp; what the overall photo will look like. The&nbsp; difference is SO massive when choosing a lens. I was out at Epcot with my wife and I had my&nbsp; camera and a couple of lenses with me - first at&nbsp;&nbsp; 24, which is similar to the default lens on like&nbsp; an iPhone - and a ton of people take this exact&nbsp;&nbsp; picture, with “SpaceShip Earth” in the background&nbsp; all lit up.. And this photo does tell that story..&nbsp;&nbsp; You can see it back there - But this picture&nbsp; and THIS picture were taken with her standing&nbsp;&nbsp; in exactly the same spot.. I just put on a longer&nbsp; lens, and I backed way up so that she would be the&nbsp;&nbsp; same size in the shot - but a longer lens will&nbsp; PULL the background closer to you as you back&nbsp;&nbsp; up and zoom in. So Sarah is the same size in both&nbsp; shots, but this is 24mm and this is 200mm. Both&nbsp;&nbsp; telling the same story - but the telephoto version&nbsp; is much more dramatic and to me, interesting. Same principal in the studio - if you move the&nbsp; camera back while zooming in the lens, you get&nbsp;&nbsp; the same subject, but the background zooms in. Use&nbsp; this to shape the finished shot to your liking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RealAgentClinton [6 likes]: This video did more for me than YEARS of research for bokeh, lighting, camera bodys, lenses, and positioning!!!! I am SO glad I found your video. So much explanation. I’m on the 3rd watch of this video. BONUS…you also explained some of my favorite YouTubers too! Casey and Peter is legit! Thank you thank you thank you!!!! I’m going to share this video in two different Realtor Only groups with over 400,000 Realtors so expect an uptick in Subs and views on this video!! Thank you! ~Clinton Porter - ΓEA⅃ - Real Broker, Denver, Colorado
  2. @zatoichiable: In my experience its better to use for fat rounded face a wide angle and for skinny long face a telephoto...
  3. @RossFace: So 70-200gm2 is the only zoom  lens I should ever buy? Then just a 24mm gm 1.4 and maybe a 50mm  or 85mm
Or 16-35mm gm2…… dammit!!!
  4. @ChristofferLindquist: Super helpful, thank you from a beginner.
  5. @gbwalther3198: Ha, Ha, Ha. "Catch the Light!" Hey Nick, U should make a video of you "Fly Fishing this Summer. Let's see how well u can catch a few fish." Will it be better on a cloudy-no sun day? A rain pour day? Or an ultra-bright Sunny California Sunny day?  😎😎
  6. @umangatang: Best video
  7. @URRIBARRIJN: And this all explanation applies only to Full Frame lenses. Those who has APS-C skip this video
  8. @whatsupchicken: Useful info thank you! But I wish you talked calmer with no background music.
  9. @Fechu: Fantastic video
  10. @HamiltonRucker: Absolutely great video! Thank you.
  11. @AndyMiller_UK: It all depends on how your studio is layed out -- many put the camera close to their screens and these may be against a wall. Lots of folk have tiny spaces. Others (working pros) tend to want to show their studio in the background and also shoot with wide lenses. For fat old folk like me I push my camera back and use at least an 85mm more often my 135mm. But then I use a tight shot 'cause don't want to show much behind me.
  12. @riubens: Great video
  13. @romarsalis3350: I needed this video so much at 11:43 pm. It answered every question I had
  14. @TripleBlack331: I'm flipping back and forth between 54mm and a cheap 25mm fast lens and both work pretty great! I can't say how much I'm impressed with the cheap fast lens.
  15. @StitchlessDisneyDad: This was amazing, taught me so much, I knew a lot of the basics but this helped so much
  16. @Riders_Lounge: thank you 👊
  17. @rlifts: I was just about to say aren't you the guy with the macs on fire LOL.
  18. @DavisMuhwezi: I shot at 50mm, I have not figured out why but 25mm came with lots of noise
  19. @ZaporOshti: anamorphic lens of course
  20. @thebetchannel: What did you use to shoot this video??!!

- How to Setup Professional Lighting for Video At Home | Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en take your videos from looking like this to this all with proper lighting we're going to walk you through all the professional lighting you need if you're doing a three-point setup with a key light fill and hair light or if you're needing to stay in a certain budget we're going to show you how to get a professional look for YouTube or other video content with just a single light as well let's jump into it first I want to show you what a key light does right now I only have one light on in my studio I've turned off my ceiling fan light which was giving me that harsh down light the only light on right now is an amaran 200x with an aperture light Dome 2. that kind of light costs around three to four hundred dollars but it provides a large and even soft light that light Dome makes the light soft along my face adds some contrast and if all you have is a key light that one light will do the trick but as you can see the background is a lot darker and not as fun to look at and I'm missing some light here on my face and in the back of my head the two additional lights if you can have a three-point lighting setup you'll want a fill light which is off to the side and a hair light which is usually behind your subject pointing backwards I'll turn them on one by one so you could see I've now added the fill line which you can see has lit my face a little bit over here now again you don't need a fill light if you have a good enough key light because you could have some dark here if you want the Shadows on your side of the face but you can adjust the fill light get it just bright enough to fill in some of that still have some contrast so it's not just like a perfectly even light across the face now one of the key Parts in lighting is making sure your color temperature is accurate and even across all of your lights I actually run about 4 400 in my color temperature settings across all my lights and then I've made sure I've white balanced my camera properly I leave it on manual white balance and I match the color temperature at 4 400 to those lights make sure at least the white balance in your camera matches the white balance on your lights if you can adjust that my fill light is actually the Elgato key light air you can adjust the color temperature and brightness remotely which is really nice and it's about 130 dollars now I'm going to turn on one other light to complete my three-point lighting setup and that's the hair light it's another Elgato key light air it's actually behind me pointed downwards but you can see the difference from this to this and as you can see it's just making a slight difference especially here on the top of my head and hair that's why it's called a hair light but it adds a little Dimension and Separates Me from the background or the backdrop now in addition to those three main lights you would want in your pro lighting setup you'd probably want some color lights or accent lights behind you a single accent light might be like the eve flare behind me I'll turn that on now now that could be a small lamp or bulb but just having a little light behind the subject adds more visual interest now I'll turn on all the lights that are actually pointed towards the backdrop but now you have a pleasing look both here on the subject and in the background we'll put links to all of those lights that I'm using behind me to get that colored look I can change that to various different colors so I can get different looks here in a single space now if you're not able to get that three-point lighting set up or even get a big key life with a light Dome you can actually just use one small light and it'll still make a big difference for your video This is actually a small rig LED light you can get it on Amazon for around fifty dollars it's pretty small which is nice so it's portable as well has an on off switch you can can recharge it with USBC but you can also change the intensity and color temperature even of This Little Light and it even comes with the Silicon diffuser that goes over the LED panel to help get a little bit of a softer look I'm actually going to mount the small rig light to a stand turn off my main key light fill and hair light so you can see what just one light can do in this space so here's the studio with just my background lights on no key fill or hair light and I'm going to turn on the small rig light and that is just the smaller Glide off to the side that's actually at 100 brightness now obviously it is not as bright as all the other lights but if I pair this with the ceiling light that I had on before that was pretty Unbecoming I'm starting to get a decent look with the lighting this provides enough fill light and shine onto my face so that top down light Isn't So harsh now if you're in a room with a window you can open that a little bit try to get some more light in and that'll provide an even better look maybe throw a sheet over the window to diffuse the sunlight but this is getting to a pretty good spot now one of the mistakes people make when they start with their pro lighting setup is the angle of the light the small light right now is right about eye level and as you can see if you wear glasses there's a reflection right in my glasses there would also be a reflection in the subject's eye if you were recording without glasses so what you want to do is actually move the light upward and then angle it down at about a 45 degree angle if I go back to my three-point lighting setup here my key light that amaran 200x has actually raised above my head pointed downwards at a 45 degree angle and as you can see most of the time you did not see any reflection in my glasses plus having that large soft box really helps we'll put a link in the video description to a set that's about fifty dollars you get an LED color temperature adjustable light with a pretty good size soft box and honestly for a budget light can actually do wonders in a small space now when you're mounting these kinds of Lights if you have a rolling stand we'll put links in the video description then you can have a really flexible setup where you can roll the light around to different locations or if you're in a more permanent setup like this studio I've actually mounted this light to the wall using a newer arm we'll put a link in the video description to that and if you like to see how I mounted all these lights and built the studio you can watch a full tour at the link in the video description or clicking above for your fill light you can put that on a stand as well I've actually mounted it to the desk using one of these arm clamps I can still move it around but keeps it semi-permanent and still slightly adjustable or again in a more permanent setup you can do like what I've done with the hair light I've used a small arm here to Mount the hair light to the wall I actually have all my lights on Smart plugs so I can turn everything on just with a scene I can command my smart home assistant to do a certain color all the lights turn on colors change and this hair light fill light and key light turn on as well when it comes to intensity if you have lights like the amaran 200x try to run them at lower intensity at first for all my lights my Elgato key light airs and my amran they're actually around 15 to 20 percent intensity too harsh and it'll start creating hard lines on my face you won't have that nice Contour so try lower intensities first and then setting your camera ISO or aperture to adjust to those lights and when it comes to color temperature like I said just make sure all your lights are the same temperature and you match that white balance manually with your camera I wouldn't recommend leaving your camera on auto white balance because any slight change in the frame or if you move around it could try to readjust white balance and then you'll get weird color fluctuations in your recording and as a last resort if you really just can't figure out the lighting inside your home or Studio try shooting outside we have a whole video talking about shooting outside we'll link below but if you can find a nice place outside that is quiet that's one of the challenges of being outside lots of noise or Street noise but if you can find a place maybe with even shade or if it's a cloudy day that actually provides really great even Lighting on your face but we want to hear what are your biggest challenges when it comes to lighting and how can we help solve those challenges leave a comment below let us know what you're trying to build or what problem you're trying to solve we'd love to help recommend equipment and of course subscribe to the Riverside YouTube channel because we have lots of content on how to build a video podcast setup with cameras lights and audio the best us B mics maybe for traveling and a ton more thanks for tuning in we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ssavaart [4 likes]: This was really helpful. Thanks
  2. @GadgetsBrytech [3 likes]: You have done well darling.
Proper tutoring.
  3. @darkflamecards [1 likes]: This is great, thankyou!
  4. @1984v2 [1 likes]: Well explained 👏 👌
  5. @jordanheblinger9661 [1 likes]: thankyou that was a helpful video im stressed out making my podcast work i love you
  6. @christinafrei7776 [1 likes]: Super helpful. I am trying to get my indoor lighting better. I appreciate all the options, portable and permanent. And thank you for including examples of how you’re lit with the different options. Some of the products are no longer available. I’d love another video that suggests other products instead. A thought! All the best.
  7. @Solana-Station [1 likes]: You helped a lot sir! Thank you so much!
  8. @Skylark653 [1 likes]: Very informative. What about the background lights you didn’t show? Are those special soft lights or regular colored LEDs? Thanks. 😊
  9. @Thescentofmargarita [1 likes]: As a creator who wears glasses, thank you for this video :)
  10. @livingfreeintruth [1 likes]: I've been using a ring light, my window as a fill, and a lamp in the back. It isn't the best, so I just ordered 2 LED Video lights. Hopefully that will improve the lighting. If I have 1 ring light (on me) , where should I put the 2 LED video lights? I am planning to add a second camera (side profile) for when I do my solo episodes.
  11. @SLLhotD [1 likes]: Great video thank you. What tool are you using on your desktop as the control center to control your lighting?
  12. @ellennewhouse4308: what did you use to get that color behind you?
  13. @whitneybreeden4591: Hi, we are new to videoing with a background. We have previously been filming with just a plain wall. We bought a vinyl background with our company’s name but the lighting we can’t figure out. We seem to get glares really bad. The background is black with gold lettering. Any tips would be appreciated. Thanks!
  14. @danieldorseybreakdanceschool: I am looking to have a spotlight like a theatre would have, but I want this to make short films in an apartment setting. Any recommendations?
  15. @macjeffff: My eyes are set pretty deep, so putting the light above doesn’t work so well. Should I try it from below? It’s hard because I’m sitting at a table. I have 2 good lights, but things only look so-so. Thanks.
  16. @ericdias3232: What did you use for background light?
  17. @dylan2881: this video was helpful but the "its in the video description" started to grate on me...
  18. @theunboxnetwork: Can you do how to light for products reviews
  19. @heyjavey: I thought I heard "we have a whole video talking about shitting outside"
  20. @Hamzimza: Thanks for this. I need help with setting up my lighting. I have the Cob light, softbox, fill light, and an accent light, but I just cant get the lighting right. I mostly shoot videos of tech stuff, like PC builds, steamdecks, etc. I need advice on how I can best set up my lighting. Im using an amaran cob light with softbox as my key light, the issue is it starts causing glare and reflections in my subject that im shooting, then when I try to move it far away it gets too dim. How can I position my lighting setup to provide good light output while preventing most of the glares and reflections.

- Build A Killer Talking Head Setup 2025: Kind: captions Language: en You want to start creating talking head videos about your passion and expertise, but don't want to look amateur. And for this, you need a proper setup. I have been creating talking head videos for over 10 years. It changed my life. And if you like how this video looks and sounds, I will share the entire setup with you. Two years ago, I made the same video. Some gear I still use today, but new equipment was also added and more options are available now. This, as the title of the video says, it's a killer setup, not a budget one. It's a setup that will offer professional quality. Of course, I will try to keep the setup at the lowest price possible, but quality is the main focus. And I will make a live demonstration between a wireless lav mic and my microphone to hear the problem. Let's start with the camera and lens. We shoot talking head videos. For this application, we have the camera on a tripod and shoot at home or in a studio. So, we don't need im stabilization. We don't need to over complicate things with log footage or 10 bit because it's 2025 and we can easily shoot 4K. I still use and recommend the Sony ZV10 Mark1. Yes, this video is shot with the Sony ZV10 Mark1. Actually, all my talking head and videos are shot with this camera. If you use a dami battery to power it and choose the right settings, it will not overheat. Plus, if you pair it with a capture card like Delgato Camling 4K, you can have high quality online calls that will impressed any client. I used it for years, shoot hundreds of videos, did countless video calls, and it never disappointed me. Crystal clear 4K at an affordable price for what it offers. The body costs around $733 at the time of publishing this video. I will add affiliate links in the description for all the equipment presented in this video. If you click on my links, you're not going to pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission and this will help me keep sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. And for ZV10 and almost the full setup, I have tutorials about how to set the camera for videos, for online calls, and how to set the lights. a ton of tutorials about how to use the full setup and I will add a bunch of links in the description so when you build a setup you can learn how to use it to its maximum potential. Okay, why did I say that the body cost $733 and not the full kit? Because the kit lens it's okay but not the best lens. What I use and recommend for talking head videos instead is the Sigma 16 mm f1.4 lens. This image is shot with the Sony ZV10 Mark1 and the Sigma 16 mm f1.4. Why is this lens awesome? First, you have that professional, good-looking blur behind you in a small space. It will help you obtain this creamy look, and you don't need super expensive, noisy, big lights. The angle is wide enough for small spaces, and it's built to last with super fast autofocus. Every creator I talked to who uses this lens is extremely happy with it. The lens costs around $444 at the time of publishing this video. And you can pair them with a mini tripod like this small rig VT20. And of course you need an SD card. I like to use Sundisk Extreme Pro 128 GB. Now you have the perfect camera and lens for talking head videos. But as you know or suspect, there is no video without good lighting. Because most talking head creators shoot in small spaces and normal apartment rooms, my goal was to find great lights that don't break the bank and can be attached to the desk to save space. Also, I want them to be controlled with remotes and come with everything in the box and have no fans that make noise. I use the Godox ES45s. $139 for one piece. I always recommend two to control the light better and have a sufficient amount. I use them bounced off the wall in front of me to have this soft, good-looking light and avoid ugly shadows or reflection in the glasses. I will also add a few tutorials about how I use them and how to position them correctly. Everything you need to know. Now you have the camera, the lens, the lights. And if you learn how to use them, this is the final result. But we need to talk about the audio because this is more important than the video. And after I will give you a bonus tip because I want you to shoot easier and faster. I will demonstrate one thing fast. The audio you hear now is recorded with the AT875R microphone from Audio Technica and the Scarlet Solo fourth generation audio interface. Many beginner creators say that recording audio separately, it's so complicated and it's better to record in camera using a wireless lav mic. Yes, you can save 30 seconds or a few minutes, but all the wireless lav mics, at least affordable ones, have something in common. A lav mic is omnidirectional. Yes, those roads, DJI, Holyland are omnidirectional. That means it will pick up everything around them. If you shoot outdoors and you have a big distance between you and the camera, those are great. But in a normal apartment room, acoustically untreated, we have a lot of reverb and that will sound bad. This is the sound recorded with the shotgun microphone. One, two, three. Sound test. One, two, three. And this is the sound recorded with a professional expensive wireless lav mic straight in the camera. And this is an expensive one. Because we shoot at home in a studio, we can build a better setup. Trust me, the quality difference is big and after a few recordings, you will get used to it, but the quality will be much higher. With the 8875R, you can record like this, having it close to your mouth, and the result is incredible. Or if you want it outside of the shot, you can do it. This is an $189 microphone connected to the Scarlet Solo 4 generation, a $139 audio interface. I use a mic cable that costs $10 and the mic arm that's $70. The Solo has one preamp and if you need two mics for podcasting, you can choose the 2i2 version with two preamps. I record the audio in Da Vinci Resolve where I also edit the videos. And when I finish the recording, I just insert the video on the timeline. Select both, right click, choose auto align clips, choose waveform, and click sync. That's it. I select them again, right click, and click on link to keep them locked and mute the audio recorded in camera. Now I have the audio synchronized, but this great audio, come on, it was fast. Of course, any microphone, cheap or expensive, wired or wireless, requires some audio processing according to your taste and recording conditions. But for that, I will also add a link in the description to see how I do it for inspiration. And if you shoot in various places in your apartment and don't have the PC near you to connect the audio interface, I still recommend the Zoom F3, an exceptional field recorder with 32-bit float, which is excellent. Now you have the camera and the lens, the lights, and the audio recording setup. We can add one final touch that will make your creation process much easier and this is the Elgato prompter. If you script your videos to be more articulate and concise with your words, this is a musth have. Also, you can use it for bullet points or use it for online calls and training sessions to have the person you are speaking with on the prompter and look at the screen but also at the lens. This will create a strong connection with your color. This prompter saves me a lot of time because I shoot faster and it helps me to have better videos using wellprepared scripts. Delgato prompter cost around $249. I will add the link in the description and also links to detailed videos about how to use it and how to control it. For this kind of quality in a small space to avoid huge noisy lights, you need a good camera and lens. The ZV10 and the Sigma 16 mm F1.4 are exceptional for this purpose. The result will be impressive if you use the right practical easy to use lighting setup like two Godox ES45s. All this will not matter if you have bad audio quality. A shotgun mic positioned properly like this 8875R and a good audio interface like the Scarlet Solo 4 generation will transform the audio quality instantly. And to use all of them easily and create faster, Delgato prompter is the best companion. Of course, you don't need to build the setup all at once. You can invest and buy them one by one getting better and better results. But you can build this entire setup for nothing if you don't know how to use it properly. And for this, I will give you a dedicated video to learn for free how to position the camera properly, how to position the lights, and how to take advantage of your shooting space and equipment. Watch this video and create from the beginning at a high level.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabrielVIP [3 likes]: ▶ Transform Your Simple Room Into a YouTube Home Studio: 👉  https://youtu.be/jVEvICC2uO0  👈
  2. @TheNarrowLens-r3s [2 likes]: really nice video, answered a lot of questions for me.
  3. @SandiDragoi [2 likes]: Fire, man! Thank you for the inspiration!
  4. @DamonNextLevel [2 likes]: Gabriel this was a nicely produced video.   I have never commented on someone's work.  The information was very thorough.  Thanks for putting in the time with this one.  Exactly what I  needed.🎬👏
  5. @aldinlenz [2 likes]: Does Sony zv-e10 m1 overheat and shutdown if I use it to stream for an hour+?
  6. @ArrowEconomics [1 likes]: Is it better to record audio in davinci resolve or both audio and video in obs? Also I have the teleprompter but will be using my iphone 11 with it to record and wondered how far away from myself the camera needs to be. Thanks
  7. @Olive-q7j [1 likes]: what fill light I should get, I have Godox mlb100i as key light what do you suggest for fill light , my room is almost the same size as yours.
  8. @alfmor67-o7n [1 likes]: As always another fantastic video...thank you!!! I recently purchased the dummy battery to use with my Sony camara. Interestingly I have found that my videos will automatically stop recording when I reach between 23 - 30 minutes of recording. The same behavior as if the camara shutoff to prevent over heating. Is there a setting I may have overlooked?  I'm not sure what else I can check to diagnose the problem. Any ideas?  Again thanks for the awesome videos!!
  9. @luansinamati. [1 likes]: You are such a modest man, at once practical and helpful. I am watching and learning from your help which deserves a deep appreciation, even from afar. Long live! From a small country in Europe!:finger-red-number-one:
  10. @ImSamKnight [1 likes]: Such a helpful video! Super handy because I already had the camera, lens, and mic that you have lol. I was wondering, is there a pciture profile for the zv-e10 that you recommend? I'm pretty new to using legit cameras and a bit overwhelmed by the choices. LUTs intrigued me at first because I know that slog3 isn't ideal since it's 8bit. Not sure what the goto should be for talking head!
  11. @janissevalenzuela [1 likes]: THIS IS A GREAT VIDEO! --- ..but I am looking for the technical setup, how do I actually connect the video, prompter, and audio together? Any techincal step by step videos?
  12. @paulshealthfitness7922 [1 likes]: is auto align in adobe premier?
  13. @Talk4Ukraine [1 likes]: Dear Gabriel - I am a huge fan of your videos and after having carefully decided I bought an Elgato Prompter today. I was sure after your videos (and others) that this thing would work on MAC - -  I have a MacbookPro (with small USB-C ports).  - Because I saw you working with you MAC -  But It was a mess and still does not work.  It did not come with a USB-C -Cable with small plugs on both sides, but on one side there was a bigger USB-B or A-plug. So i had to use an adapter.  But still did not recognize the Prompter as a second screen.  2. issue:  The rings don´t work for my SonyZVE10-Camera because I still don´t have the larger Sigma-Objective but only the smaller initial objective with 42 mm. (The smallest Ring in the ElgatoPrompter starts with 50mm  - so I had to buy an adapter-ring.   The thing is useless up to now and I´m almost deciding  to send it back.  Or did I oversee something impeortant?
  14. @RobotStudio3D [1 likes]: Really thanks for sharing
  15. @liveafterfive [1 likes]: I am confused between the Sony ZVE10 Mark 1 & Mark 2. I want a camera for great talking head videos for YouTube tutorial content. I saw some reviews, and people are sayingthe  Sony ZVE10 Mark 2 gets heated up after a long video. I am super confused. Please let me know which one I should get.
  16. @NIKEGDS [1 likes]: Thank you for your content. Do you have a video detailing the recording process? 
Do you record video on camera and then transfer to edit? Also the audio? Recorded in Davinci? 
It would be so helpful if you could make a video if you haven't already and I just don't see it . 
Again, thank you.
  17. @steveburholtkeys [1 likes]: This will save beginners huge amounts of money, practical tips to make great videos. Congratulations!
  18. @fragrance-decoded [1 likes]: Could you please talk about basic sound proofing and simple editing workflow? And great video as always.
  19. @Manab-c3c: with 10 years of making videos you have only 37K subscribers, which is terrible
  20. @jasonrashidnia: do I need to use the camlink adapter or can i used the usb-c cable direct into my macbook instead?

- How to Light a Talking Head Video Like a Pro for UNDER $100 | Budget Lighting Tips for YouTubers!: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you exactly how you can get your videos from looking like this to this in just one simple and cheap step lighting is arguably the most important thing about a video aspect especially when you're talking about a talking head video to achieve this look at least you're going to need one Studio light for filming right now I'm using very old lights that are from a brand that I don't think is even on Amazon any more but they work the point is they work and they were super cheap and with that being said what I would recommend is getting something kind of like this brand from Amazon it's only $44.99 at the time of this video and it seems like it comes with two different temperatures of bulbs which is awesome because I don't even have that now of course to get the exact look that I'm going for you want to add some accent lighting or something in the background maybe even LED light or a cheap LED light which you can also get relatively cheap on Amazon as well which I will be posting links in the description below if you're interested now what do you do with this light you want to position your light about 45° from your face typically I'd like to do anywhere from 2 three maybe even 5T away from me now keep in mind the further away you go from the light the harsher the light is going to be the closer you get with a diffuse light the softer the light is going to get why 45 degree angle well on this I'm just talking about the basic principles of lighting of course there's many other different ways that you can light up a scene for right now we're just talking about the most basic lighting possible to get you started once you have your one light that is about 45° angled to your face you will notice the biggest difference on the lighting next is the height of the light you want make sure that you nail this you really don't want it ey leveled you want it a little bit above your head so that way it creates natural Shadows on the opposite side of your face therefore creating dimension on your subject and that's pretty much it now the second option is if you like to do live streams what I would recommend is actually placing the light directly behind the camera now this one is a little bit different because you don't want to go above the head too much because you're going to light up the majority of your face and as you can see here it really lightens up the subject so that the viewers focal points are definitely on you another good thing that this type of lighting is good for is tutorial type videos but that's going to do it for today I hope you like the video if you found it useful please smash the like button don't forget to subscribe and we'll catch you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @HNXMedia [2 likes]: My man has less than 200 subs and has just made the absolute simplest (read: best), straight forward, easiest to understand lighting video on YT.
  2. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Awesome video. Thanks for sharing. First time visiting your channel.👍🎉
  3. @bigbangbazinga [1 likes]: this video deserves more likes !!!!!
  4. @littledog5837: Excellent channel you’ve got here. This video answers my question perfectly. Thank you very much.
I’ve liked,commented and subscribed.👍

- Best Lighting for YouTube Videos (Simple & CHEAP Video Lighting!): Kind: captions Language: en - Here's how to get the best lighting for YouTube videos for beginners. In this video, I'm gonna show you my top video lighting set up tips, and I'll share some great cheap lighting options that will help you achieve awesome YouTube video lighting quickly and easily. Now, straight up, there's two things that I want you to remember with your lighting. The first one is it's art, it's creative. There is no right or wrong with this, and you can dramatically change the look and the feel of your video with your lighting. So I want you to take on board what I'm showing you in this video, and make sure you're watching it right the way through. So then you know what you can play around with so you can dial in the look and feel that you're after for your videos. And the second thing is to focus on lighting yourself or the subject of your video first. And not to worry about the background or what's going on behind you as the priority is making sure that your viewers are focused on you and the content that you are delivering. And then if you've got extra time or extra lights, then worry about the background. So I'm gonna take you through a few different lighting setups now from using no gear to using one light to having multiple lights and how you can best set it up based on the location you're gonna be filming in. So you don't need to stress if you don't have fancy lights. I've got solutions for you too. So I wanna go ahead now and turn off all the lights in the room here and we're gonna look at a few different scenarios with a few different setups to see what you can achieve. Okay, so this is what my office or my studio looks like with no lights on. The light that you are seeing is coming through a big window that I have over the side here. So if you don't have any lights, a great place to start is by sitting in front of the window. So for context, if we spin around now, this is the window that I'm talking about. But if I sit down in the chair here, so this is what it looks like with just the light coming through the window. No extra lights. You can see, yes, it is pretty dark in the background, but, again, we can address that as a secondary. But so far, I'm lit well, I'm separated from the background. Viewers will be able to easily see and focus on me and the content and not be distracted by what's going on in the background. So you want to use, first off, whatever you already have access to. You don't need to go and buy the latest and greatest, the fanciest lighting gear. You've likely already got enough right now to get started with this, and you can upgrade as and when you need to down the track. Now, even just turning on one additional background light could, again, change the shot and the feeling that this shot brings entirely. But, again, this is a really simple setup, and I don't even have the ceiling lights on yet. So if we go ahead and turn those on, then we can change up the shot again. It could look totally different, but, again, the main light here is just coming in from that window to light me up. The other lights, the ceiling lights and stuff, are just here really lighting up the rest of the scene, the rest of the shot. Now speaking of ceiling lights, the reason I went, first off, to turn off all the lights is depending on the room that you're filming in, the ceiling lights could add to it or it could actually make it really difficult for you to film in there, all based on where they're positioned and where you are going to be standing or sitting. So you can see right now, I'm standing directly underneath one of these ceiling lights and it's creating horrible shadows. It's probably creating dark shadows under my eyes here, hot spots in my forehead. It really doesn't look great. So if your ideal filming location is going to be underneath one of these lights, I would suggest to turn it off or you could try to position yourself away from that light so you're not standing directly underneath it, so that it's lighting you up more evenly from above and from the front instead of from top down. Now, in my case here, in this room, I've actually got a lot of these lights. There are nine of them. So in order for me to move away from them, I could probably come back here and frame up my shot this way. So this way I don't have those crazy shadows coming over my shoulders. You can see there's a little bit here from the lights behind me, but at least the light over the front, it's a lot more even. So look at your positioning in the room, but worst case, turn them off and use other lights to light yourself up. So if you don't have access to any lights, then go and sit in front of a window. You can see you can get great results from that, or use any lights that you have already lying around, any lamps, desk lights, anything that you can use to light up your face, light up the subject of your videos. That's what's important. So again, I'm here with no other lights on, just the light lighting me up through the window. But let's say that you've got access to one light, where should you put it and what will that look like? So I've got here a small LED light panel. This one sells for around the $42 mark. And, again, I'll have links to all of my recommended gear down in the description below. But I love this one 'cause it's small, it's light, it's got a built-in battery life and it goes pretty bright. But one of the biggest things with this one is it's got a built-in diffuser. It actually throws a nice, soft light which is what you'll want if it's gonna be lighting up your face. Let's go ahead and turn this on. Let's turn it up just a little bit. We definitely don't want this on full brightness, and we can see already, it's totally changed our shot. So if it's not shining on me versus shining on me, it makes a big difference already. Now, you definitely don't wanna have your light down here; it's gonna create a really horror film look. So your ideal positioning for your lights should be just above eye level. And if you want a nice, even light, so not too many shadows or anything on your face, then you want to have it over near your camera or near the direction that you're looking. Now, obviously, you move it further back so that you're not gonna have it in your shot, but you can see that that's a fairly even light here across my face. Now if you do want something more dramatic and something more that you are used to seeing in films and documentaries, then you wanna move it off to the side a little bit more. So there is more of a slight shadow that you're getting on the side of your face. So it's a little bit more dramatic. So lights, just above eye level, off to the side or over near the camera if you've only got the one. And then once you work out the look that you like, then you can put this on a light stand or mount it just out of your shot so that it's set up there and good to go every time you want to create a video. Now the same will obviously apply for the other side as well. If we want something more neutral, then we want to go around here somewhere so that it's going to be more even light across my face. We move it over to the side, then it's more of a dramatic shot. And, again, we also don't have any background lights or anything else happening at this point. Now if you've got a light that doesn't have a built-in diffuser like this one, so it's not throwing a nice, soft light, then that's when you are gonna get some really harsh shadows in things, especially if it's pointing directly at you. So you can easily add some diffusion by just using a pillow case or even some baking paper over the light. Or you could turn the brightness up and you could bounce the light off the ceiling or off a wall behind your camera. And we don't wanna point it in the camera lens. But I'm bouncing the light now off the wall behind the camera. So you can see how it's still lighting me up, but it's bouncing the light around the room before it comes back to me versus if I hide that light now, it's much darker. So you've got options with your lighting. So I've set that light up on a light stand now. So this is what it looks like with just one light, and we can always go ahead and add another light or some color in the background just to make the shot look a little more interesting. Now if you've got two lights, you could use one to light you up and another one to light up the rest of your scene. Or you can use both of them to light you up. Again, depending on the look that you're after. So we could use the second light to fill in some of these darker areas or the shadows that this one light has left. So we grab another light here now. This one's the same brand, just a little bit bigger. Let's turn it on, let's dial it down so it's not so bright. You can, again, see that as we move this around, we're able to change up the look of the shot. So this here now is not on very bright. This one is just filling in some of those darker areas that were left from that first main light. So I've got the main one off to one side. I've got my fill-in light here off to the other side, and we can see the difference that that makes. So it just fills in some of those darker areas. So if you're going for a two light set up, then this is pretty standard. Both of them in front of you, both of them up above eye level, but both of them at different brightness levels with one of them being your primary light, one of them being your fill light to fill in some of those shadows. So with that light now on a stand, this is what that looks like. So some behind the scenes here. We've got our main primary light here, the bright one. This is doing most of the lighting me up. We've then got our secondary light here. So it's much dimmer light just to fill in some of those shadows. And, again, this already is just lighting me up with really cheap gear. And if we add a background light, then that's what that can look like. Now if you've got access to three lights, then a three lighting setup is actually something that's really popular with film and documentaries, a three-point lighting setup. So essentially it's very similar to what I've got here with a key primary light here that is lighting me up. There is a fill light to fill in some of those shadows. The third light then will be to create some outliners, some depth on the shot by lighting me up from behind. So your third light should be directed at you from behind and ideally from up above as well. Now to show you what that looks like, I'm just gonna turn on the light that's in the background of the shot here. That one we just use as a prop. We don't normally turn it on, but you'll be able to see what three lights can do. So I've got that third light on now and the brightness is turned right down. But you can already start to see that there's like a glow outline, even up into my hair here. And that, again, helps separate me from the background. So if you're gonna be using three lights, then this is typically how you'd set it up. You don't have to have it in your shot; you could move it out of shot, up a bit higher so you're not gonna see it, but this is the effect that it will have. And with the other background light on to make this shot more interesting and add a little bit color, it doesn't look too bad. Now I've got a couple of quick tips for you with your lighting before I show you what we use for our regular YouTube lighting setup here. The first one is that you want to try and keep the color temperature matched on any lights that are in your scene wherever possible, especially the ones that are lighting you up. So if you're gonna be shooting with lights that are on in the ceiling, any additional LED panels or lights that you're gonna be adding in, you want to try and dial those in to be the same color temperature so that it's all matching. If they don't match, then you can get some really weird colors and things happening, especially in skin tones and it can be pretty difficult to fix. And the second tip, I already told you that you need to have your lights above eye level but this becomes even more important if you are wearing glasses. If your lights are just at eye level, then the light's gonna reflect off the light into your glasses and directly back to the camera lens. This problem goes away if the lights are up much higher; it's gonna reflect and bounce down not into the camera lens so they're not gonna be visible in your shot. So this is where positioning your lights up high and off to the side is going to help remove any of those distracting reflections. Now for the lighting for our main YouTube shot, at least for right now with our current setup in this space, this is how it currently is. So right now the only light I have on me is coming through the window there. I have a main light up here with a big diffuser. I'll go ahead and turn that on so you can see what that looks like. So as you can see that one light is doing an amazing job of not just lighting me up and making me the focus of the video but also lighting up some of the background as well. And that's because it's got this massive big diffuser on it. So it is throwing a nice, soft light. It also means that I don't have really harsh shadows on this side of my face, but in order to fill some of those in, that's where I've got the light coming through the window to soften that off as well. So I don't need to have a dedicated second light to light up the other side of my face. I'm just using natural light for that. Now one thing we did do when we were fitting out this studio was change all the lights in the ceiling to be Philips Hue smart lights. So I can control each of the lights individually. I can change the brightness, but I can also change the color. Now obviously that's not something that you need to do, but personally I love to have the control, be able to adjust everything manually and also change the colors which change the colors in the background too. Now if I go ahead and switch these ceiling lights on now so you can see what this looks like. Now this is all lights on max and because they're smart lights, I can create different scenes to control each light individually. So for filming, I don't want these bright lights on. I want to use my main light here. So I've set up a scene where those are dimmed down, but in that same scene, I can also change the background lights as well. So I've got some different presets here that I can change through just to change up the look and feel of the shot a little bit. But they're full RGB lights in the ceiling, so I can really change any of them to be whatever color I like. And the only other light that I have on is this other lamp. So you can see that that just adds a little bit more color and a little bit more depth and interest to the shot without being too overpowering, too bright or too distracting. So again, the focus is on lighting yourself up first, then play around with the background afterwards because it's definitely not as important. So while this lighting set up might look overcomplicated, it's actually really simple. That one main light is lighting me up. I've got the ceiling lights turned off at the front here or dimmed right down. So they're not creating any weird shadows or anything like that. The other lights are just lighting up the room so it's lighter. And I've also got that little bit of light coming through the window as well. So you don't need to overcomplicate it. I hope now you can see the different lighting setups you can get really, really simply. So now that you've got your lighting sorted, if you want to find out why I use a $15 microphone, then check out the video linked on screen, and I'll see you in there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @quocle8468 [2 likes]: This is the best and most straight forward video on Youtube I've seen about this topic for a total clueless guy who want to start filming myself properly
  2. @isaaccruel3994 [1 likes]: how do we decide what light temperature?
  3. @lonicarissa: Such a helpful video!! Thank you
  4. @FitnessInASuit: This is a really good information. It helped me a lot to make my shooting much better!
  5. @LovelyandTrue48: I’m a month old beginner… thank you for address in the fact that a lot of of us don’t have nor want to spend money yet. I appreciate you teaching us to use what we have.
  6. @KCQgaming: I make gaming videos and I'm thinking of streaming should I buy the big light or the little light im just stuck on what I should get to start with
  7. @richardjhhh: I cant find the Raleno Light Panels, what do you/people recommend these days for lighting?
  8. @wttipton: Can anyone tell me how to do this with a hat on?  I get harsh shadows really no matter what I do.
  9. @neon_random_1337: Superhelpful video! 🙏
  10. @RaisingChangeGlobally: So helpful, thank you!
  11. @kristopherklee243: I was thinking around 3:48 that maybe you could unscrew just some of them to assist, 3 furthest back heavily glair off the back wall , so those off next 3 in middle of room on. 3 over person maybe outside 2 off and then maybe same for the front 3. Would help with subject hair lighting and then maybe less new purchased lights would be needed
  12. @NOSTALGICMEMORIES-y7u: i have only one light for photoshooting, but placing it kinda hard if i want to avoid shadows.
  13. @ADurning87: "There is no right or wrong with lighting." Well everyone has been repeatedly telling me how awful I am at lighting, I don't know what I'm doing, I should give up because I can't even do basic lighting right etc. and the worst part is that they're right; I just can't figure out how to do it. I've tried natural light, ring lights, LED panel lights, light reflectors, soft lights, even a combination of lamps, candles etc because I've been desperately trying to find something that works and I keep getting the same complaints... you're lighting is awful. 
I really wish there was like a "lighting for dummies" book because that's how I feel about myself now. 
Hopefully these videos can give me more help because I do want to get better, I just can't crack it yet 😔
  14. @rfmirza: Hi Justin, I was wondering if you would recommend Raleno LED Photography Lighting kit, continuous Fill light (45W, 2700K-6500K, 78 -inch stand) from Best Buy?  I will be using it to produce Vlogs to post on Youtube.  Thank you for your outstanding videos.
  15. @EszterFilo: Excellent educational video, well done 🎉
  16. @HongMaiPhamKhoi-u6v: Excellent video!
  17. @christopherlibertino: great video. clearly explained and very helpful. many thanks!
  18. @nickjohnston3882: To the point, solid content. thx 👍
  19. @LeathurRokk: I   don;t know about putting a light to the side for face lighting. To me it makes my makeup look darker on one eye than the other. Your tip might not work for people who wear dramatic obvious eyeshadow and eyeliner.  Light should be centered. Anyone else agree with me here?
  20. @themusicbusinessbuddy: Great video - thank you!

- CHEAP Lighting for YouTube Videos - STAND OUT for under $100: Kind: captions Language: en what is up everybody ben johnson here and today we're going to be taking a look at how to use lighting to make your videos go from this to this all on a budget [Music] [Applause] all right welcome back to the channel my name is ben johnson and i am a content creator based here in atlanta my goal with this channel is to be a resource to creatives through reviews tutorials behind the scenes content and honest podcasts so if you are into that sort of a thing make sure you subscribe to join the creative crew it really goes a long way towards supporting this channel and it makes sure that you never miss out so today we're going to be talking about lighting if you haven't already seen my lighting for youtube video you'll want to go ahead and check that out i'll put a link in the description as well as right here in that previous video we go into a lot of the technique behind lighting and i dive into a three-point lighting setup that you can utilize for your youtube videos in this video we're doing a very similar setup only this time we're using some high quality budget friendly alternatives for our key light today we're going to be using the viltrx l116t led light this light is absolutely awesome coming in at only thirty dollars it does all of the things that we need a key light to do it has a decent amount of output it's relatively soft it's dimmable and we can change the color temperature plus the interface on it is very similar to my much more expensive flapjack lights to achieve our three-point lighting setup we're going to be using two of these lights the only real downside of these lights is that the batteries are not included they take sony npf batteries but not to worry those batteries are relatively cheap you can usually get two of them plus a charger for around 25 dollars sony npf batteries come in a bunch of different sizes but all have the same connector plates so if you order a smaller battery it may not look the same as mine but it will work the same i happen to already have a few of these lying around because a lot of my filmmaking equipment can actually be powered by these batteries which makes them a great investment the other product that we want to get is a reflector we're going to be using this as our fill light five in one reflectors are a super versatile and nifty tool to have for shaping light the five uses are a fill a negative a cool bounce a warm bounce and a diffuser for today's video we're going to be using the silver cover to reflect some of our key light onto the shadowed side of my face to help remove some of that shadow and fill it in for starters we're going to place the key light beside me over here to light up this side of my face we are going to use the reflector to bounce the key light onto the opposite side to lessen some of the shadow next we're going to use our secondary veltrox light as a rim light to create some separation between me and the background by lighting up my head and shoulders now that me the subject is well lit we can focus on the background since we are rocking on a budget i'm not going to introduce any professional grade expensive lights for the background i'm just going to go around my house and find a couple of items that i think will help enhance the overall look of the scene for today's video i'm utilizing a household lamp and a candle now we are going to simply change the kelvin temperature of our rem light so that it matches the warm tones coming from the lamp this is pretty neat because the lamp is actually now motivating the rim light let's take a look at this progression one more time honestly i think this shot is looking pretty awesome it's really cool that we were able to achieve this whole look with two 30 dollar lights a reflector and a couple of things from around the house all of this goes to show that if you're intentional with your lighting you can really make a lot out of a little well that's going to about wrap up today's video i hope that you all have enjoyed it and were able to find some value from it before you guys leave make sure to hit that like button subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative you

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjohnsoncreative [13 likes]: Check out my full lighting course here: http://www.learnvideolighting.com
  2. @TheIfeomaa [2 likes]: 4years after still educational ❤
  3. @vernonchristopher1379 [2 likes]: Fantastic information about cheap lighting!
  4. @followedandloved [1 likes]: Great video! Well done with nice effects and music. Thanks for the knowledge!
  5. @hanfpeter4190 [1 likes]: Quick but insanely informative and easy to understand, thanks for your work!!
  6. @AuDHD_Aeriandria: Genuinely thank you.
  7. @sdg0629: Love this! Got something for my zoom meetings? Bc mine nee some serious help.
  8. @peggyyu9752: House is big 😊😊😊
  9. @SurajitDasgupta: How do I ensure that the light incident on my face does not spill over to illuminate the background too? I want the wall behind me to be dark or dimly lit.
  10. @MariaLopez-h5g9j: simple and smart
  11. @jvonthego123: can I use it without batteries and just plugged in?
  12. @dansanpr1: gracias thanks
  13. @coachjedijason: Great video - I'm up in Woodstock Georgia :)
  14. @danijeldanko4498: This video proved inflation.
  15. @tripplejaz: Quality information and content, Ben. When I decide to pick any of these up, I'll be sure you get that dosh in your pocket.
  16. @deniseherud: Dumb question for anyone already filming...I saw in the fave prods list a couple of TB hard drives...that's just for saving/editing right? Like those aren't necessary for live streaming?
  17. @94nolo: use your smartphone as a webcam for a high quality, free video source :)
  18. @livingonhighvibe: I have 2 nice Neewer softboxes that can be regulated temperature-wise and dimmed. I can also work with the light coming in from my glass door if I shoot in the daytime. But, I prefer not to because it differs and changes as the sun progresses. If I have no budget for extras right now, how do I nail it? The rim light is my problem and I also lack household lamps. I have Christmas light strands though, white and colorful. maybe getting a reflector would be enough? I can scramble cash for that.
  19. @LebaneserScrooge: Okay after watching a few of your videos, you've officially converted me.  You are now my bible.  I'm a chef with 30 years cooking experience and zero experience as a cameraman or editor, or anything else related to this subject, for that matter.  I'm starting a new series that premieres June 1st where I interview artists, musicians, chefs, comedians, actors, or anyone I just find interesting or inspiring, all while cooking them a 10 course meal, and I may have bitten off a little more than I can chew (no pun intended).   It will be multi-angled (3 stationary cameras and 1 cameraman).  My first guest is the person that inspired the show, Tai Taeolii from Art by Tai (he is an artist with over half a million followers and does a similar show where he draws while interviewing people).  His interview is scheduled for April 24th, and then it premieres June 1st, giving me a month for editing and promotion.  Then I already have 8 other guests lined up after him.  (the show is only going to air once a month, so I'm pretty close to already filling up a full year's season!)

I'm FREAKING OUT MAN!  I really want everything to be perfect, but ESPECIALLY the lighting!  Because like you said in one of your other videos, it's one of the most important things.  Would you want to be a guest on the show and help me set up the lighting?  I'll fly you out and hotel, and (of course) provide delicious food and a 10 course meal! The only thing is we would need to record before April 24th. I know that is only 3 months notice, but PLEASE let me know if you'd be interested!
  20. @Sevaraqabha: I like it , arabic language ❤️🔥😭😭😭

- Watch BEFORE buying a light for video & filmmaking: Kind: captions Language: en to shoot professional content lighting is everything but what light should you buy you could get a single point light source you could get an LED panel light you could get a tube light like this or you could get a ring light oh wait no no no no don't get a ring light but what about modifiers you could get a traditional softbox you could get a lantern you could get a diffusion panel or you can get a silk sheet so in this video we're going to make very specific recommendations on exactly what type of light you should buy but before we do that we need to touch on some of the core elements that actually make up good lighting and the first one that you absolutely need to know before making a purchase is the difference between hard light and soft light so this is what hard light looks like and believe it or not if you were to go online and buy a light right now odds are when you take it out of the box and you turn it on it's going to look like this it's not going to be flattering we really want to avoid hard light when it comes to lighting our subjects now to contrast to the hard light you just saw this is what soft light looks like it's super flattering it's not going to show off the wrinkles on my face or any other imperfections and the gradual fallof between the highlights and the Shadows is just much nicer now like I said a minute ago almost all lights are going to be hard straight out of the box we turn them into soft lights by doing two things the first is passing that light source through another medium like a soft box and then on top of that we can increase the softness of a light by making the overall light source larger now we just talked about soft boxes and how we pass light through that Medium but look at what also happens to the size of the light source when it's going through the soft box the entire size increases a ton which also contributes to the softness so we just talked about how increasing the size of your light source is going to add additional softness to it this is where the size of your soft box also comes into play ideally you want to get a huge soft box it's just going to make for a much softer light but you obviously have to consider the fact that larger soft boxes cost more money and you also have to have enough room to fit the soft box so what you're seeing right now is a 65 cm soft box from newer with a grid on it that makes the light even more directional now on the other hand this is a 120 CM soft box it is freaking massive and it's giving off a much softer light than the smaller one we had before not that this was bad but comparing and contrasting you can see big is better so size matters but distance also matters a ton because you can have a huge soft box like I have right now up close it's going to give you an amazing light but watch what happens as Luke begins to move that soft box back so before it was about an arms length away now it's probably 3 to Four Arms lengths away it's obviously gotten dimmer because we're not anywhere near as close but the light's also getting harder because in proximity to me that light source is now smaller so to summarize all this in a perfect world you want the biggest soft box possible as close to your subject as possible and if you have to move your softbox further away you want to make that light source bigger and bigger this is why in Hollywood movies and huge commercial sets they have massive diffusion sources causing their light sources to be huge it's also why the Sun the largest light in our solar system is actually a hard light because it's just so freaking far away so that's the difference between hard and soft light and how we use diffusion forces like soft boxes to achieve the soft look but soft boxes aren't the only way to get light to be soft and this brings us to the next core element of lighting which is what's the best modifier for you so we touched on it but up first you have soft boxes these are like the All American diffusion kit they come in tons of different shapes and styles from octabox to parabolic to rectangular and strip for the most part all you need to know is that these make your light soft and you want to get the biggest one that's going to fit in your filming space the other thing on top of that is the grid system that you can see on the softbox this is actually an attachment and all it does is it focuses the light you can see in some of the examples we're showing right now with the grid attached we control the light spill and we focus it way more on the subject without the grid you're going to see that light spilling onto the walls the background it is just a less focused scene which isn't always bad in fact sometimes people opt for that and that's when they would get something like a lantern soft box this is very different it's covered in diffusion mat material all around what that's going to do is cast light in all different directions it's going to light an entire scene it's great for multiple people that all need to be lit when you only have one light source and on top of that due to the size and shape of this thing you are going to get an incredibly soft light and it really does look good but you need to be aware it's going to spill everywhere and then last but not least a traditional style of diffusing light is using a diffusion panel like this usually it's silk nylon tons of different material IAL this is from a 5 in1 reflector kit you can get it for like $20 on Amazon all you need to do is place this in between your subject and your light you're going to get really nice diffusion it's helpful because it's really thin and this can fit in some areas where maybe one of these two just wouldn't be an option just keep in mind if you use this or any other type of nylon sheet you're going to need another human being to hold it or you're going to need another stand with this actually clipped onto [Music] it now the third thing you need to be aware of when buying a high quality light is the right color mode for you now generally speaking there are three types of color modes that you want to be aware of the first one is daylight balanced now this light is capable of doing all three modes but we're going to walk through each one individually so if you buy a daylight balance light this is all you're going to get 5600 Kelvin it's called daylight balance it's the same color temperature as the sun and even though you're limited in flexibility this is going to be a budget friendly color temperature to buy in most of the talking head videos you see on the internet especially on YouTube they're all filmed at this color temperature now the second type of color mode is by color and what this allows you to do is shift the color temperature between cool white and very warm white you can see I have a little dial on the back here and I can switch the color temperature and now we have a much warmer light outside of being able to create different styles in looks with the more flexible color temperatures this is really key when you're filming in an area that has different temperature lights and when we're filming in my kitchen we can show exactly how this works normally I'm using a 5600 Kelvin light but we have these orange pendant lights in the background and because these two colors just clash with each other makes the entire background look crazy orange with a by color light as my key light I'm able to turn the color temperature down to match the warmer color temperature of those background lights now both the background and the foreground look orange but this is where we can change the white balance setting on our camera to match that same color temperature 2700 Kelvin essentially telling our camera to interpret that as natural white which balances out the entire scene so now hopefully you can see the benefit of by color is the ability to match other lights in your scene and have greater control the only drawbacks of bolor Lights is that a they're usually more expensive and B you're actually going to miss out on some of the output or light intensity compared to a daylight only balanced light and this is actually really easy to see with this led panel when you you look at this array we have all these individual LEDs when I change the color temperature you can actually see certain LEDs turning off and others turning on and that is because half of the LEDs are warm and half of them are cool so at any given point you're only using half of the actual LEDs on this light if you put it exactly in the middle you can see most of the LEDs are on we can kind of get it to a point where there's more LEDs than not but overall you're going to have to sacrifice a little bit on the output when buying a bolor light then finally the third color mode when buying a light is full color RGB I can hit the mode button on the back here with full color RGB lights you have the ability to essentially change the actual color to be anything that you want red green blue and everything in between this is super cool because it gives you a lot of creative control you can use this in the background of your scenes to evoke different emotions and overall it's just a ton of flexibility the only negative of a light like this is they're usually going to be much more expensive than daylight only and by color lights all right now we can finally talk about core element number four when buying a high quality light and that's the actual type of Light which one is right for you now I know I joked about it earlier in this video but we should talk about why ring lights aren't really on this list generally speaking they're just not made of highquality Lights these can kind of cast awkward color tones on your skin which don't make you look good they're also small and hard light sources that are hard to diffuse because they don't have Universal mounting options on them you can't just attach a soft box to a ring light and then finally they're also designed to have a smartphone mounted right in the center of the Ring meaning the light is going to blast you right in the face this is called broad lighting which traditionally in film isn't a cinematic look instead you want to light off to the side like I have now creating a bright side and a dark side of your face this creates more depth which is a more cinematic look the first is a single point light this is probably the most purchased light amongst the YouTuber and kind of professional freelance videographer Community they are extremely versatile you can get them on a great budget and my favorite thing about them is the fact that they have the universal Bowen mount on the front these are a really simple design but they essentially allow you to buy any softbox or light modifier on the internet and attach it to your light without having to worry about brand compatibility this means you get a ton of power out of these lights and a lot of flexibility as to what you're capable of doing with it now after single point lights I would say the next most popular is something like this right here this is an LED panel now the way I look at comparing these two comes down to a few simple things the first is that straight out of the box this is a much larger light source compared to this one and remember back to the beginning of this video larger light sources are typically softer so straight out of the box when you turn this guy on it's going to be slightly softer than this light but I don't want you to think that this is just going to be like amazing soft and super flattering you're still going to need to add more diffusion to it now this brings me to one of my major Cons with LED panels is that they don't have that Universal bow mount so adding diffusion to this although very easy and still possible it is a little bit more difficult you either need to get a custom softbox that's made specifically for the LED panel or you need to get some sort of separate modifier like a diffusion panel a silk or a nylon sheet have that mounted on another stand and then you have a diffuse light so all that aside the major benefit of LED panels compared to single point light sources is this right here look at how thin this one is compared to this and I think most people should buy a single point light unless you're in an area where space is very restricted and you can't fit something like a single point light with a soft ball then you could get whoa ho ho what do we got going on here turn that guy off then you could get one of these maybe mount a very slim diffusion panel in front of it and you have a better space- saving lighting kit and then finally we have the tube lights like this TL 120c is that what it is I forget the actual name we'll have it linked below tube lights are extremely versatile they're usually pretty large and have a relatively soft light I'd say softer than both of these Straight Out of the Box depending on how big the tube light is I love tube lights I don't think they should be your first light you should probably get one of these but if you're looking for your second or or maybe your third light and you want something that you can use as a practical light in the scene you can use to light your background or as a corner light just something that's going to fit in all of these different weird places that traditional lights wouldn't be able to tube lights are great and they're definitely gaining popularity and I highly recommend this model from newer okay those are the core four elements that you should be aware of right now we're going to Rapid Fire some secondary things to consider before finally bringing this home with some Ultra specific recommendations based on the type of content you're trying to film okay rapid fire starting now while you're searching for lights you will see two specs called the CRI and the tlci these stand for color rendering index and television lighting consistency index it's basically a measurement of the color accuracy of your light both are measured on a scale of 0 to 100 and ideally you want the light that you purchase to be at 95 and up for both specs thankfully nowadays most lights are at or above these requirements after that we have the wattage in light output wattage is a measurement of the total amount of power that the light will draw as it runs and typically speaking the higher the wattage the more output in light intensity that the light will have output is measured in Lux at a certain distance usually 1 M so for an example 4,000 Lux at 1 meter it's going to be more than enough for YouTube videos like this or talking head interviews 30,000 Lux at 1 meter is very bright enough to fully illuminate a very big space and then 90,000 Lux at 1 meter is enough to wake pick up a demon from the underworld this is what you'd use to essentially mimic the sun in an outdoor shoot where the natural light from the sun had already faded now speaking of power draw the next thing we need to talk about is the ability to work off of a battery if you're always filming indoors next to an outlet it's not really a huge concern for you but if you're ever going to be in a situation where you're away from power outlets it would make sense to have a light that can work off of a battery some lights have internal batteries built in that'll work for a couple hours other have the ability to work off of Industry standard batteries like Sony NP or vmount batteries this is nice cuz you can stack up a ton of them and make sure that the light will work for hours up next you're going to want to consider if you need special lighting effects modes a lot of modern lights nowadays have these different modes built into them that mirror unique lighting scenarios in real life like cop cars candl light or fires Paparazzi taking a picture dance parties that sort of thing these definitely aren't essential but if you're filming more narrative style stuff they are very helpful up next we have to talk about an app interface a lot of lights nowadays actually have these apps that will allow you to control the light without having to touch the light not essential but definitely helpful if you're like me where you're constantly filming Yourself by yourself this way I can sit down I can pull up the app I can change the light intensity the color temperature any of that stuff while seeing how it looks on camera instead of having to go behind the light change the settings record a test clip review it and so on and so forth and that officially covers all of the primary and all of the secondary things that you need to be aware of prior to making an informed purchase now we can finally dive into those specific light recommendations but first if you found this style of in-depth training valuable hit that like And subscribe button and on top of that if you like this I definitely think you should check out our full online course for Content creators 14-day filmmaker it contains over 150 streamlined video tutorials walking through every single aspect of the content creation process from the technical side of what's the best gear to use the right camera settings how to light like a pro capture cinematic movements record and edit high quality audio how to tell captivating stories and an insane amount of editing training that will take you from a beginner to an absolute ninja included in this course are individual bonus courses that talk about mastering the process of shooting and editing on your smartphone a deep dive course on professional cameras and an entire curriculum on mastering YouTube covering how to get tons of views and build an amazing subscriber base lifetime access to all of that and the weekly Q&A calls that I personally host the bonus sound effects the editing cheat sheets all of that is just $48 if you're interested and you want to learn more and maybe enroll the link to do so is in the description of this video which I think YouTube if you're on a desktop just moved it to the right hand side of your screen either way back to the recommendations let's start from the bottom and talk about the most affordable lighting kit that's actually worth the money for under $50 you can get the mount dog light and softbox kit if you're just getting started shooting videos for maybe a YouTube channel your social media or you're shooting interviews with local businesses this is going to get you moving in the right direction the softbox is big enough to really give off a flattering soft light it's got enough power to light up a subject assuming you've got it relatively close to the person and it's also byy color which really is what sets this apart from most other lights in the same price range most other lights are daylight only not to mention the light also comes with a light stand these are usually sold separately and its own carrying case now for those of you looking to get a more professional setup the next light I'd point you towards is the newer CB 60b coming in at around $130 this is still a super affordable light All Things Considered but compared to the Mount dog kit we've really cranked up the power and features quite a bit with 70 W power draw this light can produce 34,000 Lux at 1 meter which is extremely bright for a light of this size and price and it's also a bicolor light due to the fact that it's a single point light source it's going to have that Universal Bowen Mount so you can attach practically any softbox or modifier it's going to be compatible with the newer app which means you can control it from your smartphone and it has 12 built-in lighting effect modes like lightning Paparazzi Candle Light TV screen and more now do keep in mind with this light it doesn't include a softbox so that's something you're going to need to purchase separately speaking of which though what type of softbox should you buy well I think if you're a YouTuber a traditional 90 CM octagon softbox is perfect now if you want to splurge a little bit more and you have a big bigger space to film in you could use the 120 CM option that I use it's going to give you a softer light source but you definitely want to consider just how big this thing is make sure it's going to fit in your space and you're also going to need a heavier duty light stand like a SE stand to keep it from tipping over now if you're anything like me and you actually hate light stands because they clutter up your filming area you can get these newer wall mounts I have two of them in my office and I absolutely love them now if you still need even more power than that maybe you're in a huge room and you just need a lot of light the newer CB 100c is actually one of the lights that I use and it is incredible it gives you all the same features as the previous light we covered but it's more powerful and it's also full color RGB now changing Dynamic here if you're in a tight space and size is really going to be an issue this is where a highquality LED panel will serve you nicely on the budget friendly side you've got the newer NL 288 LED panel this actually has diffusion built right into the LED panel which is nice I will say though don't expect it to it as soft as the earlier options with larger soft boxes but as a compromise with the smaller form factor it's definitely a great option and it's also byy color which is great now if you have a little bit more money to spend on an LED panel my personal favorite and the one that I use is the amaran p6c Aman is definitely a slightly more expensive brand but they're going to give you super high quality build quality the light output is really powerful for something of this size at 5,900 Lux it has tons of built-in special effects modes and it's full RGB giving you total control of whatever color you want to create but overall my favorite aspect of this led panel is that it's one of the only LED panels that comes with a dedicated softbox and grid system this means you're going to have a much much softer light source compared to all the other LED panels with built in diffusion or none whatsoever okay moving on let's say you're in a scenario where you've got multiple people that you need to light and you've only got one light this is where a lantern softbox would come into play just keep in mind you're going to want to get a single point light source with a Bowen Mount to use the lantern lanterns are also really good for Real Estate shoots where you want to light up an entire room with a nice soft light they're also really great for talking head looks they're just a different style than the soft box and grid system we talked about earlier the scene you're watching right now is actually me using a lantern and it's Ultra Soft I love how it looks but you know it does really light up the whole room then finally I know we talked about tube lights earlier and I already covered how it's probably not the best light if you're in the market for your first light but if you want something that's super super cool and versatile that you can use in tons of different scenes as both key lights fill lights even practical lights within the background they're just a ton of fun and I do think as a second or third light tube lights are crazy good options to look into that does it though as always links to all of this gear can be found in the description of the YouTube video other than that thanks so much for watching don't forget to check out 14-day filmmaker and I'll see you in the next one he's

  Top Comments:
  1. @existingbyproxy [1 likes]: This changed everything for me. Rarely does a YouTube video actually work lol. Thank you!!!
  2. @Jonathan-wm5ju [1 likes]: I already know all of this, but it took me many, many years to figure it out and spent a lot of money buying the wrong gear. This video is an absolute gem for anyone starting out, it will haunt me forever that i just stumbled upon it until now. Great video. Subscribed!
  3. @techforcreators-setordjiemedia: This video is really an inspiration.
  4. @algarsonn: What do you think about the - Godox ES45?
  5. @stephenmwanzake: So quality info here, a whole course. Thank you so much! Happy Creating!
  6. @aldwg: Thank you so much ❤
  7. @ravgav613: Great video for beginners like myself! Thank you!
  8. @user-df1hu6ux2n: Light umbrella link 🖇️
  9. @user-df1hu6ux2n: Link 🖇️
  10. @Semiplex: Wait, size matters?! 😥
  11. @Daaristudio: You guys have such good videos. Thanks a lot!
  12. @Dewabarasunderan: 5:47 The Sun's surface (the photosphere) has an effective temperature of approximately 5,778 K.
  13. @juanfragueiroaramburu: This channel deserves the world
  14. @vishwaprasadg: thanks man
  15. @Wesmosis: Great video, what about Godox ES45? Is it good for tight space zoom / YouTube head videos?
  16. @Blastarr1: what about the ms60c/b and ms150b/c lights?
  17. @KuKMIKI: I'm a game streamer looking for lighting that will even out my skin tone and blur minor imperfections. Space is tight. Which of these options would work best? 
Neewer NL288 diffused panel lights or Amaran P60c RGB panel LED?
  18. @Nursezaynab: I shoot in an entirely dark room without any light bulb, what kind of light do you suggest I buy?
  19. @HowToHomeLife: Skilled photographers, cinematographers, and videographers turn ugly and boring people, places, and objects into beautiful and exciting images through lighting, both natural and artificial!  David Riddle
  20. @DayyabaZakari-z7j: Loved this video, keep up the great work!

- Studio Lighting Set Up for your YouTube Videos | Affordable Soft Box Review (Shopee & Lazada): Kind: captions Language: en So, here we go. We're going to turn it on. And let's see how this is. Hey, what's up, guys? Mao here for Unbox Everything. And over the past few weeks, I've been working to really build up and improve my home YouTube studio. The first thing I started on is improving the lighting to take my room and my studio from looking something like this to looking something like this. And as you can see, it already looks so much better. I've got my blue LED strip in the back. And for my light, I've just got this simple ring light. But here is the thing. This ring light is kind of harsh. So, when I put my hand up, you can kind of see the shadows on my face. And so, I wanted to find a better light solution that would be much softer. So, I went on and looked on Shopee for the cheapest softbox I could find as my main key light for my studio. So, that's what we're going to be taking a look at today. This is what I got off on Shopee for around 750 pesos. And it comes with the stand and everything. So, it just arrived today. I'm going to be unboxing it and putting it together and see if we can improve the lighting of my YouTube studio all the more. And maybe it might be helpful for you for your own YouTube videos that you're going to be shooting. Maybe you'd want to pick up a light like this as well. So, let's get into the unboxing. In here, first thing we've got is this. I believe this is the actual softbox itself. I'll look at that in a bit. And next, it comes with a stand, the light stand. All right. So, here it is. This is actually a really, really good quality light stand. If you look at that, really good quality light stand. Let's see how tall it gets. So, this is actually a pretty wide um light stand. Really good. So, as you can see this is actually a really tall light stand. It goes all the way up to here. So, it's like I'd say 7 ft, almost 7 ft. But, yeah. Let's try out now putting the softbox on this. All right. We'll look at that later. Now, we've got the actual softbox. So, it's nice that it comes in this uh like a travel case. So, we can organize it really well when you go for your shoots or whatever. Really nice that they included this case. All right. So, here is the light the softbox. All right. So, all all you got to do is push the thing in to straighten out the softbox. And then here is the diffuser. So, let's open this. All right. So, this is what's going to make the light a lot softer and less harsh on my face. And now this softbox, again, this is the one that you can find uh really easily when you search on Shopee or Lazada. This is kind of the standard one that comes out. But, usually it's a lot more expensive. But, I found it for really cheap. There was a sale and I found the best price. Again, it was around 850 pesos, but I got it down to around 750. So, a really good deal. And so far, I'm really happy with how it looks. So, down here is the plug. Just looks like that. Standard wall outlet. Now, one thing to note is that it doesn't come with a light bulb. So, you're going to have to buy that separately. All right. So, now we are going to attach the diffuser to the front of the softbox. Really, really simple. All right. So, this is it. This is the soft box. Uh yeah, that's how, you know, deep it is and that's how big it is. Okay. Wow. That looks really nice. Wow. That's That's pretty cool. All right. So, now I'm going to switch the placement of the ring light with the soft box studio light and we're going to see how much better it can get. So, let me just turn this off for you real quick. So, this is the lighting with just the ring light and now this is the lighting with the soft box. So, as you can see now, it looks really, really nice. Uh the light is really soft, so it's right here beside the camera. As you can see, there is no um harsh shadows that you can see on my face even if it's really close. The shadows aren't harsh because of the size of the soft box. Now, as well, I used the ring light. I put it off to the side to give me this kind of um I forgot what that's called, what light that is, but you know, it kind of gives you that outline to separate you from the background as well. So, without it would be like this and with is like that. So, it just adds that other dimension to the the look of the video, so it's not too dark. This would be, you know, if you wanted a bit more moody. And if you just want to add a bit more there. We can do it like that. So, I actually do it really like this look. Let me know what you think of this look as well. So, this is the really simple studio lights with the soft box that you can find on Shopee and Lazada. It just says studio lights. There's no real brand to it, but if you search it, this is what you'll find. Usually, you can get it for around 1,500, 1,200, but I will link below where I got this for just around 800 pesos and I got it a bit cheaper cuz I had vouchers and coupons and all that. So yeah, this is just a really simple and affordable lighting setup that you can do for your own home YouTube studio for all your YouTube videos, your vlogs, your I don't know, even your Zoom calls if you want to step up your Zoom call game and impress everyone. But hey, I hope that you enjoyed this video. If you enjoyed it, a sub would really be appreciated. Again, I will leave all the links to all of these products in the description so you can purchase them for yourself. And with that, as always, I will see you back here next time as I continue to unbox everything.

  Top Comments:
  1. @remotelyjam [2 likes]: Great review, detailed and direct to the point! Thanks so much!
  2. @kailauren [1 likes]: so uncomplicated and on point, awesome review and you’re smiling all the way through!
  3. @ainanawawi176: Thank you for the info given in this video, it's very helpful for begginners like me! Love from Malaysia
  4. @marcynewman3863: Excellent. It might be helpful to know where you are, and telling us the amount in Dollars, US or Canada. And the plug looks different than here in Canada, so that's confusing. But the way it's boxed and how easy it is to get going is very helpful.
  5. @MCPLTV: how about your mic bro?
  6. @napoleon3161: Boss. Ok ba siya sa 240Fps ?
  7. @TaylorSoloaiJR: This looks good and affordable!
  8. @jamolodjohnclark507: This is helpful. Thank you po. What webcam are you using po?
  9. @lanzfernandez7729: Hello, may I ask if all of the soft box lights are dimmable?
  10. @emeermacapili3440: Thank you so muich for the review of this softbox bro. Anyway  how many watts of your bulb are you using for your softbox brader?
  11. @WMDTech: May i ask what is the wattage of the bulb you used on the softbox?
  12. @darnet6610: Bad lighting and it’s super warm
  13. @markanthonyaguion3171: Masakit sa mata?
  14. @polskiemusic850: Great review .. surely will buy this to add to my set up
  15. @nickopaulogo6932: r u gay?
  16. @Mekanismovlog: Ilan watts ung bulb?
  17. @SAZIZMUSIC: 0:45 how did you prevent the ring light from lighting the background ? The main problem i am facing is that i can't focus the ringlight only on me ... it lights up the back as well
  18. @analynsimbajon2827: Mas maganda tagalog para dumami views.
  19. @sylviachisom8578: I love this ,thanx a lot
  20. @ramelhidalgo7203: boss tanung kulang ano gamit mong mic?

- ONE MAN TEAM: 4 Tips for Filming By Yourself: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everybody happy december i think i posted a video already in december but i love december it's close to christmas snowing outside it's beautiful time today i want to talk to you about shooting documentaries by yourself because you've probably been there having to shoot a project by yourself it's where a lot of us start out and kind of why i'm talking about this is we just released no country is an island worldwide every country in the world can watch it except you guys in canada which is me we're waiting for the broadcaster to put it on their online streaming platform so go harass yes tv because they still haven't put it on castle tv yet so you can stream it if you're in canada but for everyone else in the world you can watch no countries in ireland right now the link is below and what's really cool too is all of the profits that go from you renting this film or you purchasing this film it all goes directly to helping the victims of the terrorist attack it's going to help them with their rehab and getting them supplies during this crazy pandemic they are still in need and they are still suffering from those terrorist attacks and the injuries that were inflicted on them so all of the profits beyond what it costs for us to actually host that video on the website it goes directly to helping the victim so know that you watching this film is actually helping somebody why i'm talking about shooting by yourself today is pretty much had to shoot that film by ourselves now there was a co-director michael del monte who worked on it with me but we had such little time to shoot a tv half hour project and we weren't sure really what we were walking into we were coming to a country that just had a terrorist attack and it was kind of a bit not necessarily chaotic but we were trying to get information as we were shooting me and michael actually had to split up for most of the project and shoot it by ourselves so we were like two independent filmmakers who could do the same thing and did the same thing so let's go over the tips about how to shoot films documentaries by yourself because a lot of us do this the number one tip is simplify your gear you should have a camera and one to two lenses max you should have a 24 mil and a 50 mil or a 24 to 70 mil if you want to zoom if this is your first time going out you're probably gonna bring way more gear than you need i i did this on my first project that i shot by myself overseas it was in bangladesh it was a really cool organization called erdo which is the emergency relief development organization and the silly thing about that project is i bought so much gear for it and i brought so much gear that i actually had to hire someone in country to help carry just my gear alone i had tripods monopods sliders two cameras everything you could think of shot this about eight years ago so drones really weren't a thing then neither were gimbals but man i just had way too much gear and it slowed me down if you're gonna go shoot a project simplify your gear this was the case for no countries in ireland both me and michael had identical ff7s and we both just had two lenses that we would roll with i think i used a 24 mil and a 50 for pretty much everything i think i shot most of the film on the 24 mil there was just a couple scenes where we used the 50 mil like this interview of amazon but all these scenes here like on the train or uh of the kids on the beach here we shot all of that on the 24 mil you find one lens you like you might as well just shoot most of the things with it and then use another lens when you can't get in close enough too much gear is going to slow you down and it's going to distract you from what you should be doing which is telling a good story is capturing moments and capturing real life events that are occurring in this country retelling people's journeys or trying to capture their journey as it unfolds if you want to know more about this just go to my i think my last video or my second last video i talked about shooting events stuff and not just things there's lots of information about shooting docs on this channel if you're interested more i often don't even bring a tripod but if you're gonna have to do some sit-down interviews you can bring a tripod set it up sit beside it and talk to your subject and then you can throw a lav mic on them put the headphones on bob's your uncle it's great the number two point and this is very important and i hope you've made it this far to the video to hear this is know your ending this is so important know the ending of your film before you ever shoot it you might think well how do i know that how can i get there well you can make an educated guess of where this film should be going it's so easy to know the beginning of your film getting into the country introducing us to the characters seeing the aerials of the place that's the easy part but if you don't know where you're going your film is not gonna get there you're not gonna get the right footage in country you're not gonna get the right interviews and you're gonna pull your hair out in the edit and in the end you'll have an underwhelming film so if you can decide before you get to country at least a ballpark an area that you think the film will end on then do that if you're shooting a documentary maybe about an aid organization get a scene that encapsulates not only the issue that that organization's overcoming but people actually overcoming that issue if they have you know i i don't know the story you're shooting but you want to get the ending some sort of resolution some way to tie the project together and this is easy once you know the ending you can start figuring out the scenes that will help you get there it might seem counterintuitive but it's way easier to work backwards from the ending not only in the edit but in what you're shooting and then how you're shooting in countries and if you're filming by yourself this you're gonna have so much to think about whether it's your spending your hotels all your gear charging batteries dumping footage you have so much going on but if you least know where your project's going if you know the ending you're going to be able to build the blocks that will help get you there you want to go in with a plan so with no country as an island we kind of knew a basic idea of where we wanted to end this film the main theme in our film was that looking at the idea of forgiveness in the midst of chaos and so the story of what happened in this country was there was a small terrorist group an islamic extremist group who attacked these churches and bombed them on easter and we knew we wanted to do a montage at the end encapsulating this idea of forgiveness because we heard these pastors and these community members of all different faiths and of the christian religion as well in these churches who were forgiving their attackers which is an incredible thing looking in i i couldn't believe the resilience of these people and by their ability to forgive so quickly and with such resolute honesty they were so positive about having to do this right away we knew that's kind of where we wanted to end so we knew we needed to get shots of people talking about forgiveness we knew we need to get shots of the communities not only the impact of those bombings like shots of people at the grave sites and of the victims but we needed to get the people in these communities who were rising above this terrible situation jesus said on the cross father forgive them for they do not know what they are doing exactly the same thing but we say we forgive there is no adoption you have to forgive third point if you're shooting a film by yourself is it can get difficult when you do the interviews because people just start talking and you end up having a conversation and at the end of it you feel like you got good footage because you had a connection with the person but most often this just means that the person told really long stories they blabbed a bit you guys smiled at each other and then you just have this footage that's very aimless and very difficult to edit if you're going to be doing interviews for a short documentary or for a promo piece or for a corporate film look to get some more compact sound bites don't just get stories because stories take 5-10 minutes to tell and then they're very difficult to edit down try to get people to summarize either their emotions or the key points in the stories they're telling you'll thank yourself so much in the edit when you can just get some sound bites so for me as a director when i'm by myself and i'm doing an interview at the end of it i think about what they just said and i try to get them to summarize some of what they said because i know there's long things that they've spoken about that i'll never be able to fit in the and then it sucks because then i just won't be able to use that person in the edit because their interview is just too much blabbing even if it's important stuff so i try to get some sound bites try to get people to summarize their thoughts you will thank yourself so much for this just keep honing in on it get people to try it a few times this might feel disingenuous but it helps you so much in the edit when you can get tighter more succinct thoughts out of people rather than them just telling them because often when you're doing a documentary this is the first time someone's ever told this story for this amount of time with someone listening so for them they're often processing their thoughts and they're remembering stuff and they go down all these trails but you as the director you as the filmmaker can help reel them back in and try to get some more succinct thoughts out of them my last point if you're filming a project by yourself is try and review the footage as often as you can i try to get to my footage every night now michael the other co-director on this he's not a believer of this but that's his style he likes to work through it afterwards but michael's also shot four feature-length documentaries and is an incredible filmmaker so the film's already kind of in his head he doesn't need to but for me i have a different approach i like to get in and start seeing all of the footage that i have been shooting i like to put it in a timeline i put music under it and i begin to see what i've actually been capturing what i'm missing if one of my lenses is not working i like to get into that footage so i know what i'm actually filming and i have an idea on this road map towards the ending if i've actually captured what i need with no countries in ireland we were reviewing the footage so often that we actually had whole scenes edited for the film before we even got back to canada we were editing them both in the hotel and on the plane and this was for a film that we shot in less than 10 days so get in there and start working on that footage it'll help you realize what you're capturing and it also too will help you mitigate some of those issues where maybe your audio isn't working or like i said a lens might have been out of focus or had a giant smudge on it or maybe you deleted some footage that you thought you had downloaded that sucks i've done that so make sure to get in and review your footage as often as possible it's also like for me a bit of a reward at the end of a long day i get to see the stuff i've shot and you can put some luts on it and put some music underneath it and you feel like you're actually making a film but the most important thing too is knowing if you're getting towards that ending so there you go guys go make sure to watch no country is an island if you haven't had the chance we're taking all of the profits that we make from the rentals and giving that to hilanka to help support all of the victims from the terrorist attack so this means that you know it costs a little bit of money to host the video on this vimeo streaming platform i just said vimeo on youtube i feel like they're going to bleep that out but it's being hosted on vimeo ott you can rent that and then the money that goes beyond the cost of hosting it on that website goes all to the victims we're doing that for the first year of it being online and then it's probably going to be for free so more people can see the film after that but go check out the film if you haven't had the chance and thank you guys for watching i'll see you on the next one you

  Top Comments:
  1. @markbone [290 likes]: OR A ONE WOMAN TEAM. MUCH LOVE TO ALL THE FEMALE FILMMAKERS OUT THERE!!! You are crushing it!
  2. @DeanByington-p1p [2 likes]: Mark, I’m an ICU nurse who also has a love for documentaries. I’ve been in discussions with my hospital about filming a documentary inside the COVID unit I work on. The information in this video was so incredibly pertinent to me! I’m an absolute novice, and this project is bigger than me, but with the help of people like you, I feel like I can succeed!
  3. @Rocketryman [1 likes]: Great VIDEO! :-) One thing... 4 Tips for Producing By Yourself or 4 Tips for VIDEOING By Yourself. We do not film. :-) Film, filming, and filmmaking are the most misused words in the industry. :-)Digital Video and film require different skill sets. Having DIFFERENT historical and TECHNOLOGICAL timelines spanning 150 years.   Educate by having pride and knowledge of the gear we use including the words that describe what we do. Our tools are Digital Video, Non-linear, and CGI.  We are moviemakers, not filmmakers. Videographers and/or cinematographers. We video or are videoing, we do not film. That's the other RARE professionals who know how to use film and film cameras, like an ARRIFLEX 435 Panavision R-200 and Steenbeck flatbed film editors. Know the difference and be better at your craft. You will also stand out in an industry polluted with point-and-shoot "pros". Respect to you.✌♥
  4. @orifandesh [1 likes]: watched
  5. @JohnsonIkemditv: This video is 5yrs now, but the same story happened as you just said here in my country and same day 2026
  6. @EliasAnsahYoutube: I came here for film tips and almost left crying😂
  7. @nickpratt5505: I love all this so much. What kind of questions do you ask someone that you are interviewing or how do you phrase your questions to get them to summarize a long story that they just told you. I’m wondering what leading questions you have in mind to get those sound bites easier.
  8. @AX1A: are you open to filming and directing a doc about an enigmatic artist?
  9. @daniel.lopresti: I should stop slicing onions while watching your footage.
  10. @tejisandhufilms: keep hustling
  11. @anwynhowarth: so so helpful, especially the bit about knowing your ending. so easy with a solo project to want to trust the process but a clearly defined outcome makes the process so much easier. thanks for sharing!
  12. @risingsunadventuretravels9908: Man you're right on !!!
  13. @risingsunadventuretravels9908: Enjoyed your presentation . I have also produced several of my films by
shooting the ending first and the beginning last.
  14. @Faraday100: Very useful.  Thank you.
  15. @anotherlazymillennial: Great tips!  Thanks!
  16. @ChaseArrington: Praise God!
  17. @j.j.j-x6r: You're literally my favourite film-making teacher
  18. @caelgrayheavens1234: How much does it cost to have a video of yours hosted on a streaming platform❔ besides YouTube❓
  19. @Justrandomhobbies: No country is an island: umm… Singapore 🇸🇬? 😊
  20. @Mountsidemedia: Thank you, from someone just taking their first steps in this field. Really helpful points, the kind of stuff that often doesn't get thought about or stressed enough. Great video :)

- 5 Genius Solo Filming Hacks EVERY Creator Needs to Know: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Let's talk about five solo film making tips that every creator should know. I know that a lot of you are creating videos completely on your own and it might feel like a massive limitation. And that's because, well, it is, but just because you might be filming your videos like this, it doesn't mean that your videos can't and shouldn't still look great. I've been filming solo for years. Here are the key things that I think anybody attempting to do the same should absolutely know. Before we get to the super juicy bits, here's three quick things that will help you just make the whole thing a little more streamlined. If you're ever struggling to get focus, put something in frame where you're going to be, like a backpack. Get the focus on your camera to whatever that thing is and hit it over into manual focus. Then just swap yourself out for that backpack being in the same place. Perfect focus every time. For exposure, you can kind of do the same thing. Check your frame, get your hand out in front of it, making sure that your hand is in the same part of the light that you're going to be standing in. Set your exposure for that hand, and then swap yourself out, and your skin is going to be the same as that hand, making the exposure. Last one before we get to the juicy bits. If you're struggling to use this tiny little LCD on the back of your camera, there's plenty of mobile smartphone apps that you can pair your phone with to your your camera and use it as a monitor. A lot of them even let you hit record on them so that you can set up your shot, get in frame, hit record, and know that everything's set up the way that you want it. Usually, I don't really use these. I normally just use that little screen and set things up in the way that I set in the last few things. People seem to have this preconceived notion that in order to make an interesting and compelling video, you need to have a whole bunch of camera movement. And there's so many people that talk about gimbal shots and different uh kind of ways to introduce movement and handheld and tracking and all this different stuff. And you can create some amazing shots like that. Don't get me wrong, I love doing that. But for obvious reasons, when you're a solo creator, it's just unrealistic for you to be able to capture shots that have a whole bunch of camera movement in them if you want to be in those shots yourself, too. Let's talk about one of these, a simple tripod, and it's every solo creator's best friend. This shouldn't be seen as limitation, but rather a special tool that you can use to create your videos and tell your story in a whole new way. If you watch like a bit of actual uh like cinema and movies, you'll notice that a lot of the shots are completely static the majority of the time. Kind of just locked off from a tripod. It allows the viewer to digest what's going on in that frame a little bit more. It lets you focus on small details and just let that kind of shot play out a little bit by letting the actions within it show the story rather than overhyping it with movement and all this dramatic kind of camera extra nonsense. It's actually completely fine to slow things down and you can still create really interesting shots all on your own like this. Just because the camera isn't moving, it doesn't mean what's in that shot can't be. Subjects, backgrounds, or even attaching your camera to something moving is a really great way of achieving this. Let's talk about focal range for a second. When you're filming by yourself, it's far too easy to slap on a really wide lens to make it easier to kind of just capture everything within that frame, making sure that you're getting yourself or the things that you need within that shot because the frame is wider. It's going to just naturally capture more. And that's totally cool to get some of the time. But we don't want to only use a super wide angle to capture everything that we want. We want to try and mix up our focal lengths to capture a variety of different ones. Each different focal length presents a different feeling to the viewer and it also lets you as the creator experiment and play around with different styles and ways that you can actually capture those same scenes. Wider shots let the viewer see more of the background and it feels a bit more up in the action. Medium ones can feel a bit more pleasing to the eye and would be closer to what we kind of see with our own eyes in real life. While zoomed in or telly shots kind of compress that background, making it appear a lot closer. And it also helps create separation, making the main focus on screen, the subject, without giving too much context to the viewer of what's actually happening in the background. None of these shots are necessarily better or worse than the others. They all kind of just do different things. So, understanding a little bit about how you can use these to your advantage can be a massive plus. Now that you know the difference, here's what's important. It's using a variety of focal lengths to keep your little scene interesting and versatile. Try avoid filming everything at the same focal range, even if it's sometimes feels a lot easier. Doing something like going from a wide for a nice big establishing shot to maybe a medium of your subject to show what's going on and then a close-up telly shot to show a detail is going to create a much more diverse and dynamic cinematic scene within those shots. It's swapping between them that really makes the video kind of pop and feel like it has these kind of different perspectives and views. Rather than just shooting wide for the sake of making sure you get everything within that frame. Get creative with this. Shoot some wides of one thing. Shoot some mediums and close-ups of that exact same thing. And you can choose which ones you prefer later. Experiment with filling the frame with more of what you like and seeing what the end result is that you might get. You know what's super cool as a solo creator these days is the tools that we have access to that can help us in a massive way. Like Art List, the sponsor of today's video. It's a creator powerhouse and it has some crazy AI features to make your life easier as a creator and your projects just that much better. Let me just show you something absolutely crazy for a second. You can take a still image of yourself or anything you want and you can upload it into Art List and then you can prompt it to not only completely change that image to whatever your wildest imagination can come up with, but then you can further actually turn that image that it's generated into a video. This unlocks an insane amount of possibilities for us as creators, especially for people that need B-roll for the back of their projects to make them more interesting. This literally means you can have B-roll of anything you want if you have a photo of it. And if you don't, you can simply just create a text to image prompt first and then turn that image into video. It's mind-blowing. It even has 4K upscaling in the media that you generate, whether it's image to image or text to video. You can create like whatever you can see in your mind to help bring your project to life. You can also add a whole new layer to something like your solo B-roll by adding a AI generated voice. You can even do voice to voice. So, you can literally just talk to it and emphasize the certain characteristics and different emotions that you want within that voice. and then Art List will generate that voice back to you. If you want to check out Art List, they really are a creator powerhouse with all of the sound effects and music that you would ever need for your projects as well. You can check them out with the link down below and they also hooked us up with a nice discount and you get those first two months free on any subscription. Go and check it out. Let's get to those next tips. Let's talk about throwing in just a little bit of your own unique or creative flare. If you're filming something and creating something, one of the easiest and fastest ways that you can make it just stand out from the countless amounts of other content that your viewer is going to be exposed to is just creating one or a few different creative and unique looking shots within that scene. It doesn't even have to be too crazy and it doesn't have to be every single shot or that you're putting in all of this extra time to create these crazy creative different weird things. It can even just be one shot within your cinematic sequence. A little rule I have for myself whenever I'm trying to film something, whether it's some talking videos outside and I want to change angles or if I'm filming like a cinematic B-roll section that I might use as overlay or just location transition, whatever it might be, I'll try and just put a little extra time and effort into pre deciding on one or two creative shots that I can include within that section. It doesn't have to be too crazy. Just think in terms of maybe a weird unique perspective like a top down looking straight down onto your scene. Maybe it's a Dutch angle, getting a tilt. Maybe it's putting your camera within something like the fridge or a backpack or whatever you want. Maybe it's even something as simple as just getting your subject out of focus and the background in focus. That small little extra effort makes that shot kind of act as a pattern interrupt and just grabs that viewer's attention when they quite easily might be losing focus because of the sheer volume of information and content that's presented to people these days when they're scrolling through things. This is where you can really get creative and have fun with it, which is kind of the point and the main thing that we need to put more effort into when we are creating videos is to have fun and be creative with it. Just because you are a solo creator and you are tackling the incredibly difficult task of filming everything by yourself, it doesn't mean that you need to punish yourself by making the whole rest of the content creation process a solo endeavor as well. If you want to give yourself the best chance of success, it means freeing up some of your time that could be better spent on more high returning tasks. If you've ever tried to edit your own videos, you might have realized that this is the absolute bottleneck of where all of your effort gets spent and you get very little return because you spend hours or days cutting a video for subpar results. I started an editing agency to solve my own problem and we basically handle all of the editing for your creative projects. You send over the raw footage, we send back the finished project. That's pretty much it. I could go into detail, but if you want to find out anything more, you can check the link in the description. We are on a massive discount right now. There's limited seats available at this crazy discount until it fills up that slot and the price will bump up. But if you get in now, you lock in that discounted rate and you stick to that rate for life. We have a zero risk policy. So if you sign up and we aren't the perfect match, you can just cancel and you get a full refund. And we even let you keep the videos that we worked on within that time period. Go check it out if you want to give yourself a better chance of creating highquality content by focusing on the things that matter instead of things that just could be handled by someone else. That's going to be it for this one. I'll see you in the next one. Have fun solo creating out there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aishaabughazyain1802 [1 likes]: Im still confused why this video is still not been deleted
  2. @travellingplanetearth1 [1 likes]: Nice pointers Sean. Actually stood filming in the same spot with those cows and the cliff at Balangan a week ago 😃
  3. @videomadeeasy [1 likes]: Sean…please can you refund my purchase of your content creator in 30 days course as per your 7 day guarantee?  I have emailed and messaged you several times and there is no response. Your course was not for me…thank you!
  4. @drakenelsoncomedy [1 likes]: Audio is trash.
  5. @GrantMoore3D [1 likes]: Great content, will be a killer video once you get the audio handled and re-upload (some people are being pretty rude about it, don’t let it bother you). Thanks for another banger video for solo creators!
  6. @31kaydawg [1 likes]: Dang. It's an upset to see so many comments about the audio performance in this video. I've also noticed the differences in the color grade between shots. These are things that are extremely easy to overlook when you're worried about pumping out so many videos for the algorithm or to simply grow your channel. Perhaps, keeping in mind that this is not necessary. People will gravitate to good content. No need to rush the process or force it.
  7. @niroz6579: Please could you make a video about how you write your scripts for instructional videos like this? I really like the structure of your videos. 

I'm curious about the different parts of your videos as you defined them. The workflow and the formula
  8. @EleniKouvelou: Binge watching a bunch of your vids lately. always awesome info. On the Artlist part, would you ever consider making a video on how to download their luts transitions etc ? and import on davinci resolve ? How to find them in there and how to use them ? Their tutorials are super useless and not understanding for a beginner, they dont even have a person talking , it's strait up screen recording bull... and i cannot find a single tutorial that has artlist/davinci info. I'm sure i cannot be the only one not being able to figure it out :face-purple-smiling-tears::face-purple-smiling-tears: i am not a videographer so that is a new world for me, and nothing makes sense. WELP.
  9. @JustLikeMarie2: I am still struggling with making videos. I, watching you, seem easy, but it's really not.😅
  10. @chris: The audio is all over the place with this one, man... your previous advice to creating watchable videos was absent here. Yikes!
  11. @clintpavl: Why did you stop doing 2:1 aspect ratio?
  12. @thejauntingape: Had to click off, some awful audio going on here.
  13. @PlatformForyouthdevelopment: Thanks for tips to make a special video.
  14. @MattHarmonOfficial: Love your videos Sean. Audio on this video though needs work. Looking forward to the next one
  15. @DrivingEverest: Wow - this is so bad. Audio is usually crispy and this isn’t worth the watch until it’s fixed.
  16. @videomadeeasy: Hey Sean I sent an email about your 39 day creator course which I purchased but I’m not sure if it’s the right email for support?
  17. @arjayneyra: adding some of these for sure!
  18. @واي: Make special video for the 3 quick tips
  19. @ÅkeDalmans: I enjoy the tips and visuals in your videos, they’re always have a mix of value and creativity. That said, I’ve noticed in a few uploads (especially this one) that the audio mix has made it difficult to watch.

In this video, the music and sound effects often compete with the voice, with levels jumping between clips, inconsistent balance, and moments where the dialogue sounds muffled. Music shifts in volume, genre, and tempo felt a bit unmotivated and sometimes distracting rather than supportive.

You mention “Focus on the things that matter” when promoting your editing agency, and I agree that an editor can save a ton of time. But also, when a video like this goes out with major audio issues, it doesn’t reflect well on the service. It takes away from the content and makes it harder to take in the message.

I hope the audio issues will be solved for further uploads cause I (usually) enjoy the content.
  20. @shawnfoodfever: thanks for sharing 🎉🎉

- How to Film Talking Head Videos That People *Actually* Watch | TALKING HEAD 101: Kind: captions Language: en I feel like talking head videos get such a bad rep, but with the right setup and strategies, they can be one of the most effective types of video content to create to help humanize your brand, connect more with your audience, and position yourself as a thought leader. So, in part two of the video 101 series, you are going to learn everything you need to know about creating talking videos, whether it's for short form or long form. The first thing is your camera setup. There's really two ways that you can film with your camera when doing talking videos. You could either have it somewhere stable where you're wanting to use a tripod or a phone stand so the frame is consistent for the entire video or maybe you're changing up your angles between each take. Or you can really get dynamic and add in visual hook elements to how you're filming your talking content. So maybe you're using your back camera on 0.5 while you're walking and talking. Maybe you're doing it in selfie mode where you're like literally putting your phone down and having that visual cue. Or maybe you're using like a human tripod and walking and talking with someone. If you're saying the right thing in your talking videos, you really don't need to have a visual hook, but it definitely can be a nice added element to your video. It's why things like get ready with mess or those more casual facetiming style talking videos do so well because they draw you in visually in addition to what you're actually saying in your content. Lighting really matters with talking content. So, you want to make sure that the light is on you, the subject, not coming from behind you. Being back lit is truly the best way to make your talking head content absolutely look like crap. When it comes to the audio of your talking head videos, you definitely want to make sure that people can actually hear you and the audio levels aren't super low. You also don't want them super blown out where like your P's and your S's are super pronounced and strong. You also don't want them super blown out where like your P's and your S's are super pronounced and strong. And for the most part, you can achieve all of that in a regular space that's furnished, not too big, not too echoey, and you're close enough to your camera, whether that's your phone or you're using an actual camera. But mics are a really great way to elevate your talking head videos. And I personally love wireless lavalier style mics. They can be as tiny as this where you really can barely notice them. This is my DJI mini mics, which I love cuz they're small and very cute, but really easy to clip or use the magnet on wherever you're wanting to film. These are some other lav mics that I really like. The one by Rode. I love that these come in colors or just the regular DJI mic that comes with the Osmo Pocket 3 creator kit. And yes, you can use all of these with an iPhone. It's so funny. People are always like, "Why do people hold these when they're meant to be clipped?" And sometimes that can actually act as a visual hook where it's kind of drawing people in to you holding the camera really casually. Also, logistically, sometimes depending on what you're wearing, it just doesn't make sense to actually clip your mic on. And honestly, I find that a lot of people sometimes like to hold mics cuz it could just be very grounding if you're kind of like getting through some jitters and nerves of talking on camera. So, it kind of just depends on like the outfit or the vibe that you're going for in your content. And the final part of your camera setup is teleprompterss. And I have used teleprompterss in a more like professional type of setting. And honestly, I kind of hate them. And if we're being honest, you have to have some level of like training and teleprompter skills to really make it where you can't even tell you're using a teleprompter, but also where it makes filming a lot easier. How I personally like to operate when it comes to talking head videos, whether they're 15 minutes like this video or if they're literally a minute long, is I like to script word for word my introduction and any other really important parts like maybe the outro or any ads or calls to action. This really makes sure that I'm nailing the most important parts of the video. But other than that, I like to go off vibes and have like bullet points of what I like to say. This is because I trust myself as an educator, as a thought leader, and as an expert. And I know that if I know the topic and the overall direction I want to go for a video, I can reference that and really just go with the flow, which makes it so much more natural. You see my personality through how I'm talking, and that's honestly where the gems come from creating great content. So, when it comes to outlining your content, essentially I like to script out those main parts, outline those bullet points, and then I essentially have that off to the side so I'm able to reference it while I'm recording. And simply just writing it out, whether it's in your brain or in a notes app or in your content calendar, really can help you already know what you need to say. Like even as I'm recording right now, I like already set a bunch of my outline just because like I know my topic so well. And when in doubt, don't be so hard on yourself on having to get your content perfect to your script, to your outline. I just like to, like I said, go off the vibes, go with the flow, and know that you can always edit things out when you're actually editing and finalizing your talking content. Especially if maybe you're using an editing tool like the script where you can edit in that textbased doc, it's really easy to see those pauses. It's really easy to see those double takes are those lines you absolutely know you want to remove. And we do this all the time for our monthly clients when they send over talking videos. Not only are we callulling out what we just don't deem necessary to be in the video, we often are sometimes rearranging things when we find that sometimes the hook actually is a lot stronger later on in the video. So don't be afraid to have fun with editing and trust yourself when you're actually talking to camera. So, now that we've gone over your camera setup and how to prep what you actually want to say in your talking content, I want to talk about a really important element that I feel like people sleep on. And that is the framing of your talking videos. You want to make sure that when you're framing your videos that they're wide enough that you can actually do the edits that are going to make the video do well. So, this is adding closed captions, adding text overlay for callouts and main points, or even if you're wanting to add in some edits, which we'll talk about later on in this series, like maybe a jump cut or a slow zoom. You want to make sure you're not cutting off your head and that your shoulders aren't cut off in the frame. So, when in doubt, go wider than closer, cuz you can always bring things in. You cannot bring things out. And this definitely applies if you're creating long form content and you're wanting to pull that for short form vertical clips. Make sure your content is wide enough so the whole entire promo clip is not your head. That is not it just is not a vibe. So kind of my rule of thumb is for it to be chest up and leaving a little bit of space and room at the top of your head. That usually is like the perfect amount of framing knowing that you can always play around with being far back and like far from the camera. You can also play around with visual hooks. It can be sitting down while you're talking or starting farther away and walking towards the camera. But this is definitely a common mistake that I see that luckily is super easy to fix. Something else you can play around with when it comes to how you're recording your talking head content is you can totally do it to camera. But a format that we really love to use when we're shooting content with our clients is actually doing more like of an interview side angle um where you're not actually looking at the camera. It can kind of give that authority like speaker podcaster vibe which can be really effective. It's also really nice if you're creating content in a more interview style. So maybe instead of scripting your hook and outlining your main points, you could literally just prompt yourself with questions. So what are the questions your clients or your audience are asking you and literally just start your video based on that? It can be a really great way to get more natural talking content, especially if you find that when you look at the camera and start going, like everything just leaves your brain, which like honestly so relatable. You're not alone there. But an interview angle and even an interview approach to how you do your talking content can be a really fun way to like kind of disrupt the norm of what people expect for talking heads, but also can make it easier to record. And if you're wanting to do that interview angle and you're a little unsure of like where do I look, just set your eyes on a specific point that you can keep your eyes on. So I have like my little light around here. So if I went into an interview angle, I would essentially just like look at that light and just essentially talk to it. Even when I'm sometimes shooting with clients, I often have them look at me. So, it can be a great way for them to actually feel like they're talking to a person. Same. [Music] Now, when it comes to actually pressing record and filming, there's really two approaches you can pick. And I honestly sometimes do both, but it kind of depends on the situation. You can either film your content in one go, or you can film your content in multiple clips. At the end of the day, this honestly comes down to preference. But for me, when I'm doing long form content, like for my YouTube and video podcast, I always film in one long clip. The only exception is if I am changing where I'm recording throughout my video just to create some like pattern interruption and like visual interest. But sometimes I do this with my talking videos that are short form and vertical because I can essentially just like talk in that one long clip and then whenever I pause or make a mistake I can easily just split and cut those things out which I find a little bit easier than like pasting a bunch of clips together. But where filming multiple clips can be really helpful is if you are filming in different locations for your talking video or if you just find that you like to film each section of your video in little chunks. So maybe you want to do your intro and then you want to do your main point and then you want to do your outro. It can kind of be helpful for not only the editing process, but sometimes for you like pausing and then continuing on. There's really no wrong way. Just pick what feels best for the video you're creating. So now you're pressing record. You're ready to go. Here are some tips you absolutely need to know that are going to make you look more confident on camera. The first is to actually smile before you record. And it might feel super weird. I'm like now just in practice of doing this. It really just helps you heighten your energy when you're recording your content. So, I like to pause before saying another line or saying more things and then I'll naturally just smile before I start talking. Especially if you feel like you have a resting face, which I do. So, makes you just come across a lot more friendly. Brings the energy. One thing that will make recording your talking head video so much easier is pausing. Whenever I have a mistake or a slip up, I just pause and take a second. Not only does this make it a lot easier to edit, so you're not editing words that are like already rumpled on each other, but it also prevents you from doing the thing that we've all been guilty of doing of like, "Oh my gosh, oh, I can't believe I said that. Oh, I made a mistake." Like, why are we critiquing ourselves while we're recording our content? That brings the energy down. You get in your head. You're a lot more likely to have a million and 10 more takes. So, just like I just did, pause, take a breath, do the little smile, and keep going. Any last thing, and this is just like a personal pet peeve. I had to put a rant in here, but look at the camera. Do not look at the preview of yourself. So, if you're recording in selfie mode on your phone or if you're like recording on something like the DJI, which is really nice cuz you can like see yourself, do not look at yourself. Look at the camera. It's really easy to get in the habit of doing, but you can totally tell when someone is not having eye contact with the camera. your content just doesn't hit like it just doesn't hit the same. And that is everything you need to know about talking head videos. So, really nailing your camera setup when it comes to lighting, mics, being intentional with how you're outlining and scripting your content, getting the right framing down, and using those tips that I shared for really helping you feel more confident on camera. Just like any video skill, the more and more you do it, you're going to get so much better at it. So whether you're doing more speaking, maybe maybe you're doing more coaching, more educating, maybe you're even doing like a podcast or something like that. Think of ways that you can constantly be improving your talking skills, even if it just means picking up your camera and recording more talking content. I would love to know which of these tips you're excited to use in your own content strategy. And if you haven't already, watch part one of this 101 series where we talked all about B-roll. I can't wait to see you in the next episode, which is all about editing your B-roll videos and talking head videos. I'll see you in the next episode. I loved that video was so fun.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ttyrtube [4 likes]: Love this video - so well-explained and well-produced! Immediately subscribed.
  2. @TheZestyYapper [1 likes]: This helps so much! I did a raw video as an exercise and I loved how comfortable I was until it was time to do the actual structured video. I sounded so robotic. 

Do you have videos on how and when to do visual hooks? I noticed some basic zoom ins and zoom outs throughout this video. Really keeps my attention.

Edit: just got to 6:12 and you answered my question 😂
  3. @KnottyAutisticGranny [1 likes]: The vocal fry, though. :face-purple-crying: But I love the content.
  4. @maknien [1 likes]: Amazing energy! Love both the tips and the style!
  5. @louisville_high: I'm working on that camera confidence! idk why it really is like my brain goes blank lol, but like all things just have to jump in there and keep at it.
  6. @softlifehealth: Whats the difference between looking at the camera and revirding the interview style of the side view
  7. @softlifehealth: Should i put my phone in a vertical or horizontal when filming
  8. @softlifehealth: Can i use descript on a laptop
  9. @dhathaway: This is so perfect! Thank you!  I'm a subject matter expert, and I love making content that educates. When I'm doing those videos, I know the points I want to cover, but can talk (way too long) extemporaneously about my subjects. I find that just is so much more compelling and sincere than reading a script.
  10. @Iamyvettestrickland: Is your backround fake or real?
  11. @tulthapamagar.: Thank u
  12. @waltswarehouse: Some very helpful stuff here for me, thank you very much!
  13. @ashoreoriame3661: Thank you
  14. @christinedunning8463: Thanks, this was really helpful!  Lighting is always really tough for me, so I especially appreciate that.  And I'm going to try using a visual hook!
  15. @Janediariesandlifestyle: Thank you
  16. @JohnJames-Manifest: Awesome information
  17. @two_feral_gardeners: So helpful! I love the tip about smiling before you start to record. My partner often comments that I sound a bit under the weather when I speak to camera. My tip for looking at the camera lens is to stick a small post it note next to the lens, so I can focus on that without randomly looking around to see where I should be looking.😅
  18. @chronicallyplanned: This was a great video thank you for sharing
  19. @Sineadshineslight: Thank you this was really helpful. Do you have a video on how you can have timestamps created automatically? I did it in an earlier video and can’t remember how I did it! I’ve learnt so much over my YT journey but equally have forgotten so much too! 🤣
  20. @InsideOutWithCourtnaye: So good!

- 5 Tips for Leveling up your Talking Head Shots!: Kind: captions Language: en So today we're going to be talking about building a talking head hedgehog kind of like the one that you see right here. Um uh this is something that's just really important for every person who's doing videography photography to be able to do because you'd be amazed at the amount of times that you actually will end up doing something like this. Whether it's for interviews, uh storytelling, documentary style work, um even sometimes weddings, depending on how you film weddings, you might want to do like little interview style things. A lot of church work you need stuff like this, podcasts, any sort of YouTube content. Building a nice talking headsh shot is like videography 101 for my for my opinion. I mean, that's not necessarily true, but it's just something that I find that I use all the time. So, today we're going to talk about how you can build this. I got five tips for you of how you can upgrade your videos and upgrade your talking head shot to make them look nice and crisp and sound lovely. Now, first up, let's talk about your audio. Audio is going to be one of the most important things when it comes to getting this setup looking good. And the most important thing in my opinion is not just having a good microphone, but getting your microphone close to your subject. Now, right now, the microphone that I'm using, which is a Sennheiser MKH416, is just one foot away from my mouth. Uh, and we'll talk about that in a second, but let me just show you real quick what that would sound like if I put the microphone on top of my camera. Cuz I've seen a lot of people doing this is they'll use a camera and they'll have it set up and they'll put the microphone on top of the camera, but the camera is like six feet away and they're wondering why their audio doesn't sound any good. Well, let's go ahead and we'll put this really nice $1,000 microphone on top of the camera. And now you're listening to the same audio, the same microphone, the same setup. Nothing's changed, except that the microphone is far away. And as you can tell, it sounds so much worse. Um, because the the quality of your audio really does drastically change the closer you can get the microphone to your subject. Now, obviously, you can get it too close and it'll sound crazy, but if you can get it within a foot uh or 2 ft, it really makes a massive difference. But yes, I hope you agree this doesn't sound anywhere near as good. So, if you can get your microphone nice and close to your subject, cuz when it's far away, it sounds bad. And I'm not going to bother your ears with the way that this sounds any longer. All right. And now it is back to being nice and close and sounding great. Now, if you are filming something and you actually cannot get your microphone as close as you want to your subject, maybe your frame is quite large, well, you can do what I'm actually doing in this shot and get your microphone super close in the frame and just paint it out. So, for example, the microphone is right here. I'll show you. It's just sitting here right now. Uh, and it is in the frame. What I did is before I hit record, I moved the microphone out of the way and I got a clean plate of the image. All I then did was took a still of that, I masked a little section and I planted it back on top, covering up this microphone with a nice clean plate, which as you can see, if I lift my hand up, my hand will disappear. So, that's just something that I had to be aware of. But, it is something you can do. It's relatively easy to do. So, if you can't get your microphone just outside of the frame, you can't get it close enough, you could either go for a lavalier mic or a little wireless mic, that's totally fine, and they work pretty good. But if you really have a specific microphone style that you're wanting to get, then you can actually just hide it in your frame and paint it out. A really nice little trick. I can't remember that. If I if I can find the video that I saw the guy doing this, I will link that down below. But um it it is a cool little trick. So yes, microphone in the frame. Sounds really good. Gets it really nice and close to my face uh so that I can get a nice clean sound to it without you even being able to see it. I think it's great. Fun little trick. Let's talk about lighting. Um, lighting is really important and I think most people have a basic understanding of lighting to know, hey, you need a key light, right? And that's very true. At the moment, I'm using a giant reflector umbrella. It's a 72in reflector. I've got a whole video about this thing and I think it's fantastic. Um, really large, big soft light spilling onto me. Gives me a nice key light. But there's way more than that going on in this image. So, let me real quick go and I'm I'm going to turn off all of my other studio lights that I'm using in this room. So, you might not really think about it right now, but I'm using six lights just to make this shot right now. So, let me go ahead and turn those off. Now, obviously, as I turn these lights out, I'm going to have to bring my my little hidden microphone uh back into the frame here just because it's going to change the lighting and I can't use that. So, ignore the fact that there's going to be a microphone in the frame for this next little section. And this is kind of what you're left with. Not quite cuz I left I left these three on this shelf on because they're kind of wired in and a real pain to turn off. But uh so if you were to turn these lights off, that would add a little bit more as well. All this is is the key light. That's it. Right. So now this doesn't look bad necessarily. So other than these three little sort of lights over here that you can see, um there are three other main lights that I've been using to sort of add something to the space. First off is a small rig flashlight. It's a 10 watt flashlight that you can add a snoot onto the front or it's not really a snoot, but kind of like little goooos to add some something interesting into the background. So, I'll go ahead and turn that one on. So, I have that one set to shine a blue light. It's just a line, big old line across the wall behind me across those photos. And it doesn't really act as a leading line. It's kind of like a leading line, but it just adds a something a little bit of interest into the shot. Again, I've got I like to lean into a teal and orange kind of style, which we're going to talk about a little bit more later, but got orang-ish lights over here and nice blue sort of colors over here matching with my yellow couch. All that kind of stuff. Tying those all in. Looks pretty good. Second is my hair light. So, if if you know about key lights, you probably know about hair lights, but uh a little light uh this is just a GVM panel. Nothing exciting. Dirt cheap uh little light. Uh, and it is hung up right above my head behind me here and it is shining light onto the back of my head giving me like an outline around me. So, I'll go ahead and turn that one on. And that is what that one looks like. So, it's just added a little bit of light wrap around my shoulder here and a little bit on this side of my face. Again, contrasting with my key light kind of coming in from two opposite directions. Um, so that's just a really nice little thing to do. I think it just adds something. And then the last light that I had that I actually can, it's not going to make a massive difference, but I have another one of these LED panels actually behind the camera, just hitting the wall, the white wall behind the camera. And that just adds a little bit of fill of light to the rest of the room. So, we'll go ahead and turn that on and see if you can see a difference. And that's what that looks like. Just a little bit of difference. It just raises the level a tiny little bit on the shadow side of my face. Um, just something interesting. So, the reason I'm telling you all this is just to think about lighting, right? Don't just think of a key light, right? You need more than one light. Um, and that's why I really tried to tell people to invest less in your camera and invest more in lighting and lenses and all the other stuff that you're going to need because it really does make a massive difference. Again, going back to having just the key light compared to all of this. I think it just looks a whole lot better. Third, let's talk about layers, right? So, any any shot that you're trying to make is going to have multiple layers to it. You got a foreground, midground, and background. But first off, let's talk about background. Um, as you can kind of see behind me here, one thing that's really important, I think, to to think about is color, uh, and and style of background. I like to film into a corner of a room because I think it just makes quite a big difference. Um, if you if you film into just like a flat white wall, it just looks a little bit dull and a little bit boring. But if you film into the corner, you can get a lot of stuff going on. So, even adding specific colors into your background that sort of complement your whole shot is nice. Now, over behind me here, you can see we've got like wood, sort of orang-ish colors, some more orange lights on this on this shelf over here, and all of my, you know, bits and bobs of cameras as long as as well as a painting, a guitar, stuff like that. Just a little stuff in the background to add a little bit of interest, but we've got orange on one side, and then on this side over here, we have yellowsish and sort of teals. I like to lean into that teal and orange color space. I think teal and orange is just a nice one to go for. I find it it works well for a lot of stuff that I do. adding this sort of blue light here that I talked about earlier, just adding a little bit of interest in color to your shot that isn't like crazy. Now, if I was to fill the background with like a bright pink light, that would be a completely different looking image. Um, so not to say that it would be a bad image, it's just different. So, you got to think about how you're working your colors in your space. Secondly, one thing I actually really like to do is to not put my subject or like the person talking in the foreground. I actually like to put the person in the middle in the in the in the midground of the shot because then you can add a little bit of interest. So, let's talk about foreground real quick. As you can see in the corner of this shot right here, there's actually some like sort of out of focus stuff. I don't know if you can tell what it is. I just grabbed a plant. Uh this is literally just a plant that I got on Amazon for like no money. And all I did is I placed it in the foreground slightly in the frame. And as you can see, it's kind of it's wobbling a little bit. But that little bit of interest over on the what is that? Left. Right. I it's reversed. Um that little bit of interest on the left hand side of the frame just adds something just something kind of nice that separates me a little bit from from the foreground and it and it puts me in a certain spot in the shot that just gives me a little bit of differentiation. I don't know if that makes sense, but adding a little bit of foreground elements is a really nice little touch um when layering your image. Next, let's talk about lens choice. Now, I'm not going to tell you you have to use this type of lens or that type of lens. I would just recommend that you think about what type of lens to use. Depending on what it is that you're filming, you're going to want to consider using slightly different style of lenses. For this kind of style of talking head shot where you get kind of half half the body uh a little bit far away from the camera and a nice sort of compressed image. I like to go for a 35 to 50 mm. So, right now you're watching me on a 35 mil f1.4 and you're about 5t away from me and I think it looks really nice. And this might seem contradictory because if you are the type of videographer who has learned everything that you know about videography off of YouTube, which is the way that I was, right? So I I learned on YouTube University Peter McKinnons, Makapoyas, Mark Bones, all those kind of things when talking about cameras. And a lot of a lot of the time when they talk about the kind of gear that they use to make their videos, which they do talking head shot, they're talking about ultra wide lenses. There is a good time and a place to use an ultra wide lens, but it's not always. So, for example, in this shot, I really like a 35 mm. It compresses the background a little bit. It brings me a little bit closer, is a little bit more intimate than what the typical YouTuber tends to focus on, which is like a 16 mil. Now, to demonstrate that, I will go ahead and I will stick a 16 mm lens on this camera just and I'll move the camera a lot closer to show you the extreme difference of what that might look like. And now you're on an 11 mm on an APS-C sensor. So, you know, super wide. Uh, it looks kind of crazy, right? very very very different kind of shot to what you were seeing before. Uh so this obviously looks completely different and I think it looks terrible because for this space for this shot it just doesn't work whereas the 35 mm did work. So what I'm trying to say is you need to just pick the lens for your space and for your shot not just using lenses that you see other people using because you're not in their space. You're not in their room and you're not filming what they're filming. You're filming something different. You wouldn't use an 11 mm lens for portraits on a wedding. you'd probably use something more like an 85. But at the same time, if you're filming, if you're filming real estate, you're not going to be using an 85 millimeter. You're going to be using an 11. What I'm trying to say is pick the lens for your shot. Not just pick the lens because you like that lens or you like a certain influencer that uses that lens. Different lenses are for different scenarios. There are times where 11 mm is very beneficial for YouTube videos, like this video that you're seeing. Um, I liked having the whole studio in the shot and I was filming and talking about a big product, so I needed a lot more space. But for a video like this, it's just too wide and it feels all like it's stretched and weird and I don't like it. So, pick the right lens for the right kind of shot. Lastly, one really nice tip that I really like to use is to use the shadow side of the face. That might sound strange. Um, but if you haven't sort of noticed whenever you're watching films, um, it is very rare for a a film to have the the light side of the face facing the camera. They they do it sometimes, but it's used to sort of portray certain different emotions at times, but most of the time you'll find that a lot of movies and a lot of films will have the shadow side of the face facing the camera. So, right now it's a little bit different because I'm I'm kind of facing the camera right here. Um, but the I've I've intentionally faced my chair this way a little bit so that the shadow side of my face faces you just that touch more. Now, this is extra important if you're using a second angle, right? So, as you can kind of see in my second angle here, having that shadow side of the face um facing the camera just adds a little bit of interest and a little bit of something different to the shot. And I I just think I I personally think it's quite nice. Now, if I turn my chair the other way, hopefully you'll be able to see a little bit of a difference as to what that would look like. Now, I've just turned my chair a little bit so the light side of my face is actually facing the camera. Um, and I just find this isn't quite as pleasing. I just don't think it looks as good. Uh, again, that's me personally, but there there may be times where you want the light side of the face facing the camera, but what I'm trying to say is not necessarily this. This is a have to rule, but it's something to think about. Um, especially when it comes to a second angle. Um, I think it just adds something a little bit interesting. But anyway, that is what I have for you today. Uh, if you've enjoyed this kind of video, if this type of thing is helpful to you and you prefer more educational style stuff, let me know in the comments down below. But if you prefer more just talking about gear and like talking about cool stuff, let me know that, too, because I want to make content that is right for you. So, you let me know what you think in the comments down below. Um, if you're a regular viewer of this channel, thank you for watching. Um, videos have been a little slower lately just because life is changing. A couple of videos about that coming out here pretty soon, but a lot of exciting stuff going on. Hopefully in the next couple of months, there are going to be tons more videos coming uh on a weekly basis. So, subscribe if you want to see that because I got a couple of cool announcements that I'm really excited to get into. And I just want to thank you all for watching. If you've enjoyed the video, hit the like button, drop a comment down below, or maybe even subscribe as we continue to build this channel. I appreciate all of you for doing so and I hope that you have a wonderful day. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @LJLeeTV [2 likes]: quite frankly audio, lighting, camera are accessible these days. 
but nobody really talks about set design and color pallet. 
i think it was becky and chris who actually covered them in depth. 
Would be nice if you could share your process on that!
  2. @YoshMusik [1 likes]: Amazing video, thank you!! Love the educational stuff
  3. @sibertiger17 [1 likes]: Hey from Calgary Canada. Don't you dare steer away from this. This is EXACTLY the type of teaching,  and informative style no one else really does. There's uncountable gear heads in here and it's all the same. They're all trying to get more free gear and not really giving honest information. 

I love this new look with you sitting in the room. It gives an interview feel to it, like us the viewers are asking the questions and you're responding. Love it. The only thing I don't like is the plant in the foreground.  It looks like something is smudged on the screen and it's distracting! Lol

I'd love to see you do this similar explanation for smaller spaces. My studio office is only 8'x10' amd is very cramped. My theater room that I've done a few in is bigger but just a square about 10x12. So would love to see you shrink this down for smaller spaces
  4. @duacky [1 likes]: Great stuff like always! Keep up the good work man.
  5. @Schoenergesehen: Thanx, very inspiring hints and tips! I saw the masking tip here over at Harv: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MkzOsXULeI
  6. @Mac_Choudhry: Nice video man. Loads of great info here. 👍🏽
  7. @daryldescallar5795: Thanks Thomas. You gave me a ton of knowledge here.
  8. @pastorbrianmachache6411: Can I use a 35mm lens in a 3 meters by 3 meters room?
  9. @pastorbrianmachache6411: Thank you so much for this, I learnt a lot here.
  10. @jarrodsplace: Great video.. This all makes sense the way you've explained. Has helped demystify lighting..
  11. @huseyin_dik: a fantastic and simplified explanation of some basic staff, thank you.
  12. @aakash.s2667: Very insightful. Thank you so much
  13. @Zulushi: This was super helpful
  14. @Aleksey_Bibikov: Очень примерно с микрофоном)
  15. @joknightfilms: Tattoo tour for next video
  16. @PaulFeinberg: Love the idea of shooting into the shadow side of face. Good video.
  17. @RicoManila: This is sssoooooooo smooth brother! I love it, though I must admit you are a good looking man Bro ahaha! (but thanks for this video.) much love from the other side of the earth!
  18. @JakeOski: Awesome video with impeccable timing - got couple of projects end of next week that got me thinking of different setup :)
  19. @shoottochange: Great video, and great timing. I'm just in the process of converting a new office space I'm leasing into a YouTube studio and I am in the early process of trying to set up the space optimally for my main talking head shot. Love the idea of the mic masking!
  20. @ReflexGuy217: Nice content Thomas. Thanks for sharing. I would love to see some content about how to shoot cinematic on a rigged camera.

- How to Look Your BEST on Camera: PRO Talking Head Video Setup Basics: Kind: captions Language: en We're going to talk about how you can look your best on camera. Because if you want to create videos that grab attention, that captivate people, and keep people engaged and watching, you need to look your best. This is especially important for people seeing your video for the first time. It's kind of like meeting someone in person. You want to give them a good first impression, right? Now, this doesn't mean you need to look like a movie star or have perfect facial features. It's not about being attractive. It's about making sure that your videos are clear, easy to watch, and somewhat professional. If your video is too blurry, or it's hard to see your face clearly, and it's too shaky, or it's too amateur, or it's just simply too distracting, people are going to tune out and they're going to swipe away. That's why in this lesson, my goal is to help you set up your camera to make sure that you look as good as possible. I'm going to teach you simple techniques that anyone can use. And don't worry, we're not going to go too deep on the technical or complicated aspects of film making or videography. We're just going to keep it simple. You don't need any fancy equipment or a professional studio. You can just use your smartphone or any camera that you already have. I'm going to walk you through the key things that you need to think about when setting up your shot. The first one is framing. how to aim your camera and position yourself so you look balanced and natural. Next is lighting. How to make sure that your face is well lit and it's easy to see. Then we're going to talk about the foreground, which is you. You're the foreground. And last but not least, we're going to talk about the background, meaning what's behind you and how to keep it from being too distracting. By the end of this, you'll know exactly how to set up your camera and create videos that look polished, engaging, and professional. So, let's dive right into it. Before we get started, here's a quick pro tip. If you want to get the best out of your smartphone camera or DSLR camera, you need to make sure that your lens is clean. The reason why most people have bad videos is because they don't clean their lenses. So, make sure that your lenses are clean before you even start recording. All right, first things first. Let's get one thing straight here. There's no such thing as the perfect shot. Instead, think of it as guidelines of what's acceptable and visually appealing. Your goal is to compose or create a shot that is natural, engaging, and kind of fits your content. Okay, so let's start with framing. How you frame your shot, meaning how you position your camera and how you position yourself in front of the camera, can make or break your video. The first tip I have is that you need to frame yourself depending on the platform you're posting for. Each social media platform has a different aspect ratio or dimension that you need to post for. For example, Tik Tok, Instagram reels, Facebook reels, YouTube shorts, all of those types of videos are more vertical or they have a 9x6 aspect ratio. While long- form YouTube videos, for example, have more of a landscape or horizontal ratio. Each platform also has a different type of setup in terms of their layout. Like for example, where the like button goes, where the comment button goes, or how far the captions go on the screen. And how you position your face and your camera kind of matters depending on the platform. To make it easy for you guys, I've created a social media video crop guide to make sure that your content aligns perfectly with the platform that you're posting for. This is going to make things a little bit easier in terms of framing your shot. Besides framing your shot for the specific social media platform you're posting on, the number one thing I need you to remember while framing your shot is this. Your shot, your end result, whatever you compose needs to appear natural. It needs to feel natural like how it looks when you're having a face-to-face normal conversation with someone. It needs to kind of replicate or match how it looks when you're having a conversation with someone. After all, the goal is to connect with your audience and to captivate their attention. So, you don't want to confuse them or distract them. With that being said, let's talk about the height of your camera. Okay. When it comes to the height of your camera, how high should it be? Again, we need to remember that it needs to match and mirror how a real conversation goes. So, if the camera is someone's eye and you're having a conversation with someone, where are their eyes naturally at? If you're both sitting down, you would be at perfect eye level. they would be at the perfect level of your eyes. So, that's how you need to position your camera. You're not going to position it all the way up here. You're not going to position it all the way down here. Their eyes are not down there. Their eyes, when you're both sitting in the same table, should be just as high as your eyes. Next, let's talk about distance. The distance of the camera from where you're sitting or standing. Again, the rule of thumb here is to mirror how a conversation normally is. Now, when you're talking to someone, you're not talking all the way from back here. You're not talking all the way this close. This is too close for personal space. When you're having a conversation with someone, you're normally talking within personal space range. So, it's not too far, it's not too close. Think about personal space. This length would be normal. If you were holding your phone, this would be a good length. Not too close, not too far. So, this would be a good personal space as if we're both having an intimate conversation together. Okay, let's talk about the angle next. The angle is the tilt of the camera. Meaning, if it's facing downwards like this or it's facing upwards like that. When it comes to your angle, the best case scenario is to keep it at head height at eye level again. But if you prefer to position a little bit higher, it'll get rid of your neck lines. However, if you position it way too low, it's going to look really weird. Like when you first answer your FaceTime call, it's not going to look that good. So, if you want to look professional, if you want to look appealing and you want to look great, make sure it's at eye level. Another tip would be to make sure that your eyes are lined up with the first line of the rule of thirds. If you're not aware of the rule of thirds, it's basically a composition guideline or grid line that helps you guide your shot. Every smartphone or camera nowadays should have one. So, if you have an iPhone, all you need to do is go to your settings, hit camera, and then turn on your grids. Doing this enables the grid lines on your camera app. When you position your eyes right at the line, it's still going to look great compared to having too much space above or too much space below. The best case scenario is to keep a little bit of space right above there and a little bit of space on the side so it doesn't get cut off by those buttons or the captions. As long as I keep my eyes aimed at the first line, my shot is going to look good no matter what. Here's how it looks. horizontal. No matter what, when I keep my eyes at the first line, it's still going to look aesthetically pleasing. So, that's one way you can position yourself and your camera to make sure that your shots are aesthetically pleasing. Okay, let's talk about lighting. To keep it as simple as possible, the key thing to remember is that you need to have enough light on you. As long as you have enough light, you're going to look amazing. Because the way cameras work, especially smartphones, is the more light there is to absorb, the better the picture or video is going to be. Here's how it looks when there's enough light. And here's how it looks with all the lights turned off. When there's not enough light entering the camera, when you're in a dark room or you're in a spot that doesn't have enough light, it looks a little bit grainier. It looks a little bit less sharp. It looks a little bit less professional. So, the key here is to have enough light so it captures the best look possible. Here's how it looks again with all the lights turned on. You can see that the image looks a lot clearer, looks a lot more professional, and it's a lot more engaging to look at. Another tip is to make sure that there's no light going directly into your camera. Because if you have light going directly into your camera lens, that creates a little bit of a glare and it kind of degrades the quality of your video. For example, I have this light bulb here. If I face it at the camera, you're going to see that my face gets a little bit faded. It looks a little bit more faded and the colors are gone. If you have a light bulb facing the camera like this, it's going to degrade your the quality of your video. So, the goal is to make sure that there are no light flares or no sources of light facing your camera. Next, let's talk about the types of light you're going to be dealing with. To make this as simple as possible, I've narrowed it down to two things: direct light and diffused light. Generally speaking, diffused light is your best friend because it gives you softer shadows and it gives you an even glow around your face. And direct light, on the other hand, can give you harsh shadows, meaning if you have wrinkles on your face that you're trying to hide, direct light is going to show them a little bit more. And that's why diffuse light is your best friend. The best and cheapest way to get diffused lighting is to record yourself in front of a window. However, you need to make sure that the sun is not hitting your face directly because when the sun is directly hitting your face, that turns the diffused light into direct light. So, when the sun is not directly facing the window, it helps diffuse the light and reflect it right into your face. The next option you have is to get yourself one of these ring lights. They're not that expensive. They're powered by USB and they can light up your face evenly and perfectly without too much effort. Or if you have more room in your budget, you can get one of these professional lights with a diffuser that softens the light. All right, let's talk about the foreground. Meaning you in a talking head video, you are the foreground. You are the main focus of attention, not your background. So, how to prepare yourself to look your best. All you need to do is wear something that makes you feel confident and comfortable. It doesn't mean you have to be overdressed. Doesn't mean you have to be dressed a specific way. All you need to do is wear something that makes you feel confident and comfortable. If you notice throughout this entire course, I'm just wearing a simple t-shirt. I'm not wearing anything fancy or too complicated. As long as you're comfortable, as long as you're confident, as long as you're able to present properly in front of the camera, it doesn't matter what you look like. It doesn't matter what you're wearing, as long as it's appropriate for your content. When it comes to what's behind you or what's around you in your shot or your background, you need to make sure that it's not too distracting. Because remember, you are the focus of the video. You can't have anything else that's moving in the background that will distract anyone's attention or anything that's going to keep their focus away from you. So, the key here is to keep your background as simple as possible. The more distracting it is, the more you're going to pull focus away from you and what's really important. One common mistake that many people make is that they shoot themselves right behind the wall. And this is wrong for so many reasons. One, it makes your image unprofessional and flat. Plus, the shadows casted in the background are kind of distracting for most people. And finally, you don't get the best lighting options here. However, if you give yourself a separation of 3 to 4 feet away from your background, it gives you a more natural debt, which looks more professional. This way, there's a clear separation between you and your background, so the focus stays on you, and you get better lighting options. There's no shadows casting right behind you, and you get the bokeh effect, which is also the blurry background that most people like. So, tell me, which shot looks better? Background far far away and there's a clear separation, or being directly close to the wall. So, there you have it, guys. The four elements, the four things you need to think about while setting up your shots in front of the camera. We talked about how to frame your shot perfectly to look the best way possible. We talked about lighting. We talked about the foreground and what you need to wear. And we talked about the background. So, that's all of it. I hope you learned a lot with these simple tips. And I'll see you in the next lesson. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Redeemingthetimestudios [1 likes]: Excellent work.  Keep going, this video is way underrated.
  2. @dung_ai_monk: I cant believe video at this quality get so least view
  3. @HarmonyThiessenArt: This is really well done! As a beginner I really learned a lot. Not only from what you said but how you presented it.  Thank you!  Definitely plan to watch more of your vids. 🙏
  4. @FearlessMillionaire: What software do you use to add B-roll

- The ONLY Camera Settings You Need for Talking Head Content: Kind: captions Language: en If you just bought a new camera and you're staring at the menu thinking, "Where do I even start?" This video is for you. I'm going to walk you through every single setting I use to film my talking head videos. Not a short list, not five tips, but the whole thing. Shutter speed, ISO, aperture, frame rate, picture profile, file format, autofocus, all of it. And more importantly, I'm going to tell you why each setting matters. [music] Because knowing what to dial in is one thing. and understanding why it makes your footage look the way it does. That's what actually makes you a better filmmaker and content creator. So, by the end of this, you'll have your settings locked in and you will be ready to go every single time you sit down to film. Let's get into the >> quick bit of context before we dive in. Look, I film on a Sony A7S3, which is what I'm filming on right now, paired with a Tamron 28 to 75 mil lens. Now, you don't need this exact camera or this exact lens. A lot of these settings and principles apply across the Sony range and honestly across most mirrorless cameras in general. What I want you to take from this video isn't just a list of numbers to copy. [music] It's the logic behind the numbers. Because once you understand the logic, you can adapt these settings to whatever camera [music] you're currently working with. Also, I'm based in London, so I shoot on the PAL system. That means frame rate of 25 fps. If you're in US or Canada, you're on NTSC. So, your equivalent would be 24 or 30 fps. Now, if you're new to cameras, don't worry. I'll explain as we go along. So, let's start from the top. Okay. So, the first setting is resolution. Now, I shoot in 4K always. Now, I know what some of you are thinking. 4K files are huge and my computer struggles with [music] them. And look, that's a fair point. Now, if your editing machine genuinely can't handle 4K, don't worry about it. Just shoot in 1080p. [music] That'll do. It's still a great image. But here's why I encourage you to work towards 4K as soon as you can. When you're shooting 4K and you're editing for YouTube, you can crop into your [music] footage in post with minimal to no quality loss. That means one wide shot becomes a wide, medium, and a close-up all from the same clip. And when you want to repurpose that for Instagram, for example, or YouTube res, you can reframe it vertically without the image falling apart and getting all blurry. [music] 4K gives you flexibility. And when you're filming by yourself with no one to adjust the camera for you, flexibility is [music] everything. The file format I use is Zav S4K. Record settings is 140 42210 bit. Okay, so 10 bit [music] is color depth. This basically means that you're capturing significantly more color information than a standard 8 bit footage. All right, that matters when you go to color grading. You've got more data to work with, so your grades look cleaner and [music] more natural. Don't panic. That's all you need to worry about. Next up is frame rate. I shoot in 25 fps. Now, if you're in the UK, Europe, or Australia, it's 25 fps. That's your PAL [music] standard, and it gives you the most natural cinematic motion for talking head content. But if you're in the US or Canada, you can go with 24 fps [music] for that cinematic feel. It's literally the same. Or 30 fps if you want slightly smoother motion. One thing to avoid though for talking head content, don't shoot at 60 fps unless you're specifically planning to slow down the footage in post. 60 fps looks almost too smooth. It it loses the kind of film it quality and starts to feel a bit more like a home video than a professional piece of content. 25 or 24, that's your number for these kind of videos. Setting number three is shutter speed. Now, this one trips a lot of people up, so let me make it real simple. There's a rule called the 180° shutter rule. You've probably heard of it, or maybe you haven't. All it means is that your shutter speed is double your frame rate. So, if I'm shooting at 25 fps, my shutter speed will be 1 [music] over 50th of a second. If you're shooting at 30 fps, your shutter speed will be 1 over 60th of a second. If you're shooting at 24, you you get the picture, right? And why does this matter? Okay, because the specific shutter speed gives you a natural motion blur. And a natural motion blur is what helps to make your footage look more cinematic rather than really jittery or harsh. You know, sometimes you see footage and it's like it's harsh. Okay. Now, at 1 over 50th in a bright room or near a window, your image might be a little bit overexposed. So, that's where you need to use a ND filter. Okay. Think of it like [music] sunglasses for your lens. Now, it will reduce the light coming in so you can keep your shutter speed locked in. We never really want to tinker our settings, okay? We want to always keep them the same. Now, I've covered ND filters in more detail in a separate video. I will link that video in the description. But for now, just remember shutter speed equals double your frame [music] rate. Lock it, leave it, done. Our next setting is aperture. I shoot at f2.8, [music] the lowest my Tamron 2875 mil lens will go. Aperture controls two things. How much light enters the lens and how much of the background is in focus. At f2.8, you get the background separation where you're still sharp in focus, but the background behind you has that nice soft blurred quality. That's what gives talking head videos that professional feel, polished look. It separates you from your environment and draws the viewer's eyes straight to you. If your lens doesn't go as low as 2.8, you don't [music] need to worry about that. Whatever your lowest aperture is, use that. The principle is the same. Open it up as wide as it will go. Let more light in, more background blur. Simple. Next on our list is [music] ISO. This controls how sensitive your camera sensor is to light. The golden rule with ISO is to keep it as low as possible. The higher the ISO, the more digital noise and grain that will creep into your image. On my A7S3, I shoot in Slog 3. So, my base ISO is 640. This is the cleanest, most noise-free ISO on this camera for this picture profile. I stay here around 95% of the time. If I'm shooting at night, though, or in a very dark environment, the A7S3 has a second base ISO of 12,800, which sounds kind of insane, but this camera handles it remarkably well, so don't worry about that. That's one of the reasons it's such a popular camera for shooting in low light. Now, if you're not shooting in Slog 3 and you're on a standard picture profile, your b your base ISO will most likely be around 100 to be fair. So, you can start there and then add light to your scene before you start cranking up your ISO. Want to be clear, ISO is not a substitute for good lighting. Okay? If your image is too dark, the answer is to add more light to your room, not to crank up your ISO and introduce all that noise and grain. Better lighting always beats higher ISO. Remember that. Okay, we're getting through them. Next up is white balance. Now, this controls the color temperature of your image. Essentially, whether your footage looks warm or cool or kind of neutral. I set mine to 5500 Kelvin, and that gives me a natural daylight look that works well for talking head content. But here's the most important thing about white balance. Lock it. Turn on lock white balance on recording in your setting. If you leave it on auto, your camera will adjust the color temperature while you're filming. So, if a cloud passes by or a light flickers somewhere, your footage shifts color mid clip and in the edit, that's a nightmare to fix. I remember it happened to me on a client shoot way, way back in the day. Oh my gosh, spent way too long editing. It was so painful. Pick your Kelvin value, lock it, and don't touch it. I use 5500 Kelvin as my starting point and I make sure that my key light is set to the same. You can adjust slightly warmer or cooler than that depending on your lighting setup, but once you've set it, lock it. All right, this next one is super helpful. Autofocus. I use face and eye detection autofocus on the A7S3 and it's amazing. Not only is it fast, it's just so accurate. This is genuinely one of the best features on this camera for solo creators. It locks onto your face, specifically your eye, and then it tracks it continuously while you're filming. So even if I lean forward or turn slightly or move around, the camera stays locked on me. For talking head content, this means that you can set your camera up, hit record, and trust that you're going to be in focus for the entire take. You're not manually pulling focus. You're not going in and out of focus. You're and hoping for the best. The camera is doing it all for you. So, go into your autofocus settings, find face and eye detection, turn it on. Make sure it's set to your face priority first, then eye. That's the setup I use, and it's been reliable for me across hundreds, if not thousands of filming sessions. Now, we've arrived at picture profile. Now, this is the setting that makes the biggest difference to how your footage looks, and it's also the one that confuses the most people. Picture profile. Here's how I'd approach this depending on where you are in your filming journey. If you're just starting out, use a standard picture profile. Something like PP1 or PP2 on the Sony or whatever the equivalent is on your camera. Kind of just comes with the camera. Your footage will come out looking fine, natural, ready to use with minimal color grading needed. It's the simplest starting point. And that's absolutely nothing wrong with that. But if you want more control over your color grade, this is where Slog 3 comes in. And this is what I use. I shoot on picture profile A, which I've customized with Slog 3 settings. Here's my exact settings and you can feel free to screenshot them, use them, tweak them to get whatever look you want. Now, straight out of camera, Slog 3 footage looks really flat, washed out, and honestly a little bit ugly. And that's completely normal. That's the point. Slog 3 is capturing as much dynamic range and color information as possible, which gives you significantly more to work with when you color grade in post. And once it's graded, this is what it becomes. The trade-off is that you need to color grade every clip. Okay? If you're not comfortable with that just yet, well, just start on a standard profile. Get consistent first. Then, when you're ready to level up your look, come back to this. This video will always be here. And I actually have a full color grading video where I walk you through exactly how I color grade my Slog 3 footage. And I'll link that in the description, too. Look, if you're still here, you are a legend. And I just know this is going to help you level up. You're still making. Last one. Okay. And this is a small setting that makes a big practical difference. Turn on your rule of thirds grid in a display settings. This puts a grid over your live view so you can frame yourself properly every single time you sit down to film. For talking head videos like this, I would center yourself. But for Bivo, I would place yourself on one of the vertical lines rather than dead in the center. This just gives your frame more visual interest and breathing room. It takes 2 seconds to turn on it. We use it every single filming session. Small thing, big impact. Quick pause before we wrap things up here. If you're at a stage where you're getting your camera settings locked in, you're probably also thinking about how to actually plan and organize your content, what to film, when to film it, how to stay consistent without taking over your life. That's exactly why I built the creators command center. It's a notion template with everything in one place. Content calendar, scripting templates, filming checklist, personal brand road map, content ideas for any niche. basically a system that I use to run my entire content operation as a solo creator. The link is in the description. It's £27 and it will save you hours every single week. Go check it out. All right, we have made it. Let's recap everything before we sign off. Resolution 4K. Shoot in 4K if you can, okay? If not, 1080p will do just fine. Frame rate, 25 fps if you're in the UK or Europe, or 24 or 30 if you're in the US. Shutter speed, double your frame rate, one over 50th for me. Aperture, as low as your lens will go. Right now, I'm at f2.8, which is why I got this nice separation. ISO, check your camera's base ISO, 640 for SOG 3 on my camera, 100 for standard profiles. Make sure you check whatever your camera you're using is. White balance. Mine is 5500K. Lock it in and make sure it doesn't shift mid filming. autofocus, face and eye detection turned on, and picture profile. You can start with standard, or you can go to Slog 3 if you want, and my videos will help you figure that out. That's the full setting sheet. Screenshot this, save it, copy it, whatever works for you. These are the exact settings I've been using for years, and they haven't let me down, and I rarely change them unless I'm doing so for like stylistic purposes. Now, if you found this video useful, hit that like and button. It generally helps this video reach more people who need it. Subscribe if you haven't already cuz we are building something good over here. And I'll see you I said I will see you in the next one. Peace and love every single time. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @denz_creates [2 likes]: Make sure you screenshot the FULL settings near the end....What are you using to film?
  2. @mox.visuals [1 likes]: Always producing such valuable content bro 🙏🏼
  3. @ielysoJesus: Thanks for sharing this Denz, I will likely keep using my iPhone 16pro max to record YouTube videos.

- Samsung Galaxy Ultra Tutorial - Correct Settings for High Quality Videos: Kind: captions Language: en that's 23 Ultra packs a lot of features to become the most versatile pocket camera I have ever used however the camera itself is nothing without knowing how to properly utilize these features and settings hey Steven is here today I will be sharing my camera settings for the s23 ultra that I used to create these videos all of the footage that you're seeing right now was shot on the phone so I will also cover some of the Cinematic tips and techniques that will make your videos look like they were shot on a professional cinema camera and to prove it I will be comparing the s23 ultra with the red camera and even though in this video I will be using the Galaxy phone you can still stick around if you have another brand of the phone or camera as I will be covering the very basic settings that pretty much any latest smartphone or camera out there have and by the way thank you guys so much for supporting my channel and helping me to reach already 12K I really appreciate it so if you like this video and want to see more content like this then make sure to subscribe now let's get straight into the video and start with with the resolution it will determine how crisp your image looks I always go for 4K and in very rare cases I would use 8K you could not see the 4K option on your s23 Ultra do not worry it's just because it's named UHD Ultra HD so make sure to toggle it on the next to it is the frame rate or FPS it will determine the fluidity of movement in your footage and in the case of digital phones it can also affect the choppiness of your videos so I use 60fps only with intention to slow down the footage in post so long story is short I prefer 24 or 30 FPS on most cameras it will perform better than 60 FPS and it will look crispier now let's talk about camera modes for video you can record videos which are good for stories or maybe shorts because auto mode is best for quickly getting the footage done and if you want to use regular video mode then make sure to lock your exposure to avoid any random settings change made by the phone automatically it's very similar to iPhone camera settings just long press the screen and then set the brightness value and you're good to go however if you want to achieve the best results then you need to go to more Tab and then go to Pro settings now you can get a total control over your camera settings yeah I know it can be intimidated at first but do not worry I will be explaining everything right now and if you invest 20 to 30 minutes of your own time to practice then at the end of this video you will become a pro so in the settings I would personally separate them all the adjustments into two groups one group will affect the brightness Clarity and fluidity of movement of the image and another group will affect the color so as you know in this tab we choose the resolution in fps same as in auto mode for cooking video I will be using 30fps as this video will have more of a broadcast feeling and for cinematic dance sequence I will use 24 FPS now this FPS number will influence our choice for this shutter speed setting as following ideally after you chose the frame rate let's say 30 then you want to use shutter speed double of your FPS in that case it will be 160th and if you chose to film in 24 FPS in that case the closest shutter speed will be 1 50th there are also cases which do require you to set the number higher but I'm just hearing Basics right here and trust me it takes a lot of effort for me to make this video as easy to digest as possible so let me know in the comments if you're still following what I'm saying now the last setting for today that affects the brightness is ISO I also covered in the photography tutorial and here it does exactly the same thing hi ISO makes the image brighter low ISO number makes the image darker and remember the higher the number the more noise and grain you get so this number will vary depending on your unique filming condition so you'll just adjust according to each scene why balance is the setting that affects the color in your image in my opinion there is no correct number to use as personally it's just up to you what feeling you want to deliver so for a cooking video I like the white balance on 50 600 Kelvin so it's not changing throughout the whole video and each frame looks natural throughout the whole edit and for a cinematic sequence I used 4 500 Kelvin but as I do not have much lighting change sometimes I even used auto white balance and you know surprisingly s23 Ultra performs pretty spot on can't say the same about the iPhone 14 pro though watch my video comparison to see how bad Auto white balance performs on the iPhone 14 pro Focus so for the most of the videos you are all set using autofocus it's pretty responsive and hits the nail without problems but when we talk about low light then sometimes autofocus can miss and that's why I will be using manual focus sometimes which is very important for telephoto zoom lens why you ask because that lens performs the best and the good list scenarios in the middle of the bright day or when you use an artificial sources of light but if you want to film indoors in that case the zoom lens will struggle finding the right subject to focus on so there are three modes that you can use Center which is supposed to be focus and whatever is in the middle of the frame multi which is analyzing the whole image trying to decide for what you want to be in the focus and that manual control where you have to slide the focus rocker choose it in the distance between the lens and your subject I decided to go for manual focus after first 15 or 20 minutes of filming as both Center and multi-mode had their hit and miss moment and I did not want to blame the phone for a poor autofocus and decided to take the full control in my own hands the manual focus mode is implemented very well on this phone and it works just like on my cinema camera highlighting everything what is in focus with the picket now let's talk about stabilization in today's video everything what you are seeing is shot on handheld or tripod super steady stabilization mode on s23 Ultra is decent however it has its own limitation and does need a lot of light as I showed in my previous video against five thousand dollar camera setup if the lighting condition is not sufficient then 100 I recommend you to avoid it as it will give you unwanted excessive motion blur in low light so I prefer either using a tripod or portable gimbal for handheld use just try to avoid excessive Shake use two hands so you have more points of contact move your whole body not just your hands back and forth and when walking make your steps very careful and fluid there are also other accessories that do help you to improve the image quality like lighting and filters if you're interested then let me know in the comments what kind of photos or videos you are filming and I will try to make a separate video about it oh yeah and also I use this filter but it's not designed for s23 Ultra so I just had to lean it against the camera and basically using it as a handheld filter this one was made for iPhone it's free Wells star or something I forgot how it's called yeah but it just gives a little bit of character to the image adding those Sparkles to the bright sources of light the last thing that I want to say is that I see a lot of people avoiding portrait mode but I think think it's a really good mode on the s23 ultra yes it's an artificial blur and not Optical but it works so well if there is another light in the frame and I really do enjoy using it from time to time you see it looks beautiful if I'm cooking something I just move it closer to the camera it cuts out all the edges so nicely it's incredible all right I think at this point you have a little understanding of the camera settings for film and cinematic videos now mobile filmmakers with all that in mind let's film our first cooking recipe sequence let's go since I've focused more on the image rather than going to a grocery store let's improvise turkey steak and rice so take one part of rice I love Basmati now all these shots are made on the 10x telephoto zoom camera now put it in a pot and rinse well then add two parts of water add salt and cook it on medium heat for about 15 minutes now it's turkey time I love cooking on butter or ghee throw your steaks on the skillet and season them well oh yes I'm using 4K 30 FPS for this shot in all manual settings once the steak is golden flip it on the other side and capture all that goodness in 4k 60fps so you can slow it down in post [Music] it's very important to not overcook the steak so it stays delicious now it's time for the veggies pepper Tomatoes carrots it doesn't matter just salt them and season well I also added some chili and meanwhile switch to the slow motion on the s23 ultra I also found a bit of spinach in the fridge so let's toss it in just cook it for about a minute and start serving first goes rice then veggies and then our juicy turkey steak looks delicious wow I think it looks really good if you think about the fact that it's just a phone another professional camera with interchangeable lenses I use the whole lot different modes here some shots were made in portraits some shots and 4K 30fps for best image quality and some shots even in 4k 60fps for slowing it down in post and the reason being is that built in slow-mo mode isn't really that good so better go for a 60 FPS instead if you want to add a little bit of slow motion in your footage and the same day I wanted to film a proper cinematic dancing sequence you know I mostly film commercials or product launch videos and I always plan my shoots but this time around the local videographer in my city of Prague was filming a dancing video and I decided to challenge not only the s23 ultra but also myself and film something out of my comfort zone I have never filmed a dancing video in my life so let me know how I did down in comments below let's go foreign wow I filmed this video without any planning and use some of my go-to lighting techniques and just my advice for those who do not plan their videos try to capture as many different angles as possible use different lenses for filming the same movement you see in this cooking video I also had to do this rice thing three or four times all over again just to capture multiple angles and same for the dancing video she had to perform the whole routine for 10 to 15 times in a row just so I could capture the whole thing with the main lens and then the telescopic one and in that case you do not even need to be doing this crazy trendy camera movements you see all over internet and just create seamless transitions with a tripod stationary shots and you know the other camera that was used is rather fancy red cinema camera with a decent lens on but the result is not too far off from the s23 ultra to be honest which is once again proving my point that in the right hands you can squeeze a really good image out of almost any phone or camera if you're practicing out so remember number it's not about the camera but more about the person behind it alright that's it from me for today thanks for watching and meanwhile you can watch one of the next videos right here as I think it will be perfect for you yeah and I'll see you there bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @StevenDivish [49 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape:If you liked this video, consider becoming a member of the channel to support me and future episodes! 
Your support goes a long way, thank you!
  2. @arzatamaramarkiyar1689: Subscribing! Rn!!
  3. @Ley-Land: Hello. I have same phone but I lack knowledge of video creation. Am trying to land a page to sell cosmetic products and need to create videos of packaging and texture of the materials. Could you suggest the best settings for this type of videos using S23 Ultra?
  4. @warmad2596: Now that we have the S26 Ultra. Do these settings still apply, or will there be an updated video on that?
  5. @homelessdreamers4550: An old passion i have to make content like yours but from 10 years to today i couldn't afford even a mobile 😂😂😂 , anyway you're good
  6. @kardinalaries9871: not sure if i missed it but he didn't mention anything about turning on high bitrate? is the extra space it takes worth it?
  7. @sav_firekid7157: Absolutely bonkers mate
  8. @aprilcooks7218: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 you did great in the dance video
  9. @SalomeJones-u9v: It realli helped
  10. @TRattana03: Wow! Fantastic video 👏👏👏 Good work and thanks for the tips
  11. @serdartopcu55: help? ben futbol videosu cekiyorum kalenin arkasında yada tepeden gunes oluyor berbat bir cekim oluyor bunun bir caresi varmı telefonum s22 ultra 4k 60 fps cekiyorum ayarlar otomatik.
  12. @Jeffin-c6e9o: Clothing
  13. @nalelidavidmusic: Make one for music videos....
  14. @TrishApps: I love that you talk about having 12K subscribers in this vid and now I can see that you have 187k!
  15. @shicadelic: I film craft tutorials (small objects). Any tips ?
  16. @shicadelic: Omg LIFE SAVER
  17. @findingjoe: What are your thoughts on HDR 10+ mode?
  18. @hausofwalnut: This is really helpful!
  19. @antonybitar1475: Thanks for the video. But why you prefer to take the video using 10× tele. Is it a better quality. And what about 3x
  20. @WtfDffff: I recorded my piano playing but the audio was too blurry.
I use rear mic in pro mode.😢 I should use omni instead I guess. Pls help me. What is the right audio setting for instrumental rrcording do I need any supplementary gear? 😢

- Tips For HOW TO FILM YOURSELF - Immediately Make Better Videos With Your Own Hands!: Kind: captions Language: en so it seems like you've got no friends available to help you shoot that great idea that you had but instead of calling the whole thing off you've decided to just do it yourself you're going to be the director you're going to be the talent you're going to be the producer and of course you're going to be the person who gets the coffee but filming yourself is a lot harder than you might think when you're wearing all of those hats keeping track of all the little details and ideas that may become second nature to you normally is a lot more difficult so in this video i'm gonna give you a handful of tips and things to think about to make your self-filming experience and the final result a whole lot better and just between me and you after i reviewed this list it turns out it's basically just good advice for anyone filming almost anything so stick around because there's probably something in here for you even if you do have friends available i have friends [Music] now the first couple of tips are a bit more conceptual but the later ones are going to show you what you can actually do with all this thinking that i'm gonna make you do sorry so let's kick things off with probably the most basic one know what you're shooting and i know that sounds like a dumb thing to say of course you should know what you're shooting but this is going to be even more vital when you're self-filming because your brain is going to be busy with all those extra roles that you're taking on this part of the process is going to look different for every project and for every person for me a lot of the time it's super simple like i want to show me showing up at a spot hiking up to the top of a mountain and taking in the beautiful view and that's really all i need to get me started on that kind of a project but for other projects or for other people who maybe their brain just works a little bit different that might mean scripts might mean shot lists or maybe even just a basic checklist of the important things that you want to make sure you shoot so whatever that is for you and for your project make sure you've got a solid foundation because it's going to inform all the other decisions that you make as a director dp talent everything the next tip is a two-parter it's to understand your limitations and then accept them limitations have the ability to stop us in our tracks or to excite our creativity and when you're shooting alone you're about as limited as you can be there's only one person to carry all the gear that you're gonna need it's really hard to get any kind of movement in your shots while you're in frame most of the time there's no one standing behind the camera to make sure that you stayed in focus or that the audio is working okay and then of course as they say our most valuable resource time filming by yourself takes a lot longer so those time limitations become very apparent very quickly every single time that you have to run back and forth to the camera you're ticking down that clock between losing the light or just getting so tired that you really can't keep going so be ready for that if you can and then the most important part of this tip is that you accept those limitations you don't let them get you down you let them spark your creativity all right stepping away from the conceptual stuff for a second the next tip is to bring the right gear for the job and combining what we've already learned knowing what you're shooting and understanding your limitations that should inform what we're going to bring with us personally for these little hikes that i like to film i'm trying to bring as little gear as possible to still get the job done if i had friends available to help me i could ask them to carry some of it we could bring some more stuff maybe some more kind of like just in case we need it kind of things but when it's just me i'm just trying to bring what i think i will absolutely need obviously i'm not bringing any lighting with me but that might be something that you want to consider depending on what kind of shoot you're doing as far as lenses go i generally start by trying to cover as wide a focal range as i possibly can so i'll bring like a 16 to 35 24 to 70 and 70 to 200 and again this is going to be different depending on what kind of location you're in what kind of shoot you're doing if i need specific lenses to get specific shots i'll make sure to bring them and on top of that this is of course limited by what you already have so use the gear that you own if you're filming outside in bright sunlight you're probably going to need nd filters maybe you want a polarizer depending on what you're shooting are you capturing audio do you need microphones lav wireless any of those kinds of things hey future dunny here i just realized that in this section i forgot to say some pretty basic stuff tripod memory cards batteries those are things that you're gonna want to make sure that you bring okay back to the other stuff about gear other things to consider are monitoring does your camera have an app you can connect to to monitor and set up your shots maybe start and stop recording is the flip screen going to be enough for you to be able to see or do you need to bring a monitor with you how important is camera movement to whatever you're shooting do you have a gimbal that you can set up on a tripod and pre-program movements into it or do you have a small motorized slider that maybe you can do the same thing with and then of course again are you willing to haul all of this stuff wherever it is that you're going if it's a chute that's in one location and you can kind of just bring it dump it all there use it as you need it then great if it's like these hikes you're not going to want to carry them the whole way so again i'm sounding like a broken record here but every shoot is a little bit different i'm not going to try and tell you exactly what you need to bring because you're going to have to figure that out on your own but knowing your gear and knowing what you're going to need is really key here one thing that i almost always bring with me because it's so small and light easy to pack away and it comes in handy for these really unique shots is the dji action 2 and dji is actually sponsoring this video the action 2 is by far my favorite action camera to date for its size weight quality stabilization and for its magnets it allows me to do things that would be really difficult to do with my other cameras for example the magnet lanyard lets me get super simple point of view shots to make you feel like you're seeing things as i would be seeing them i also like to use a bite mount because it's easy for me to move the camera with my head the size of it and excellent stabilization makes it great for mounting to the car with a suction cup the action 2 is also waterproof up to 10 meters without the waterproof case and up to 60 meters with the case and sometimes you just need to be able to sneak a camera in a tight situation and those big mirrorless and dslr cameras won't go in there the action 2 software and touch screen are intuitive and easy to use and again it just allows me to get shots that i might not be able to get otherwise but that is just really the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the action 2 just some things that make sense in the context of what we're talking about today there is so much more going on with this little camera so if you want more information there's a link down in the description you can check it out there huge thank you to dji for sponsoring this video okay so we've got all the gear that we're gonna need the next tip is to make sure that you're getting balanced coverage and what i mean by that is that especially when you're filming by yourself it's super easy to get caught up getting the same types of shots over and over and over again you're already running back and forth to the camera a million times there's going to be an inherent pull to get lazy and just shoot the same types of shots do not succumb to that feeling basically you just want to get a nice balance of wide shots mediums and close-ups and you want to make sure that you're balancing out shots of the main subject or yourself and the surroundings or kind of b-roll whatever you need to kind of show what's going on around the subject so in my specific type of example maybe there's a wide shot of me pulling up to the scene then there's a medium shot of me walking by the camera to the back of my car a detailed shot of me grabbing my camera bag and then maybe we see where we are by me showing a sign or something like that so you know hey we're at mount work and we're gonna go for a hike just enough variety of shots so it doesn't feel boring the other thing that you can do in a similar vein is to get multiple shots of the same action so if i'm stopping to take in a view maybe a wide shot of me walking up to it and then as i hit that view a medium or close up of me stopping to take a breath and look around and then follow that directly up by the kind of point of view shot so you can see what it is that i'm looking at all strung together nicely this is gonna feel like it's all of these things happening at the same moment in time it's actually only one thing even though you had to move the camera a bunch to make it happen the next tip absolutely changed the game for me when i started using it and that is to use manual focus i don't care how incredible you think your camera's auto focus is if you're not at the camera able to control it and tell it what to focus on there's always a chance that it's going to choose something you don't want it to focus on and on top of that i actually find it quite visually pleasing when the focus stays in one spot and the subject moves in and out of that focus or sometimes it's cool to just focus on something interesting in the foreground and just walk through the background so you can see that there's motion happening there you know the subject is moving but you're actually getting more information out of the scene from what's in the foreground to use manual focus i'll generally pick a point in my shot where i think it'll be most important to have me in focus either at the point where i'm walking through or at the point where i want to land i'll choose something that's approximately where i'll be standing at that point and focus on that if there's nothing at that distance from the camera that i can use i'll go put my backpack where i'm going to be standing and use that focus on the backpack and then i know when i hit that mark i'm going to be in focus and so then as i walk through the scene as i hit that point i'll come into focus and as i move past it i'm going to be boked the only real exceptions to this are anytime that i know my face is going to be clearly in the scene for the whole time because then i can use my face detect autofocus or if i'm talking to the camera like this again because my face is in the whole time and i trust my auto focus system to find me and stay with me all of this in focus out of focus hocus pocus brings me to my next tip which is to use your damn aperture i know it can be super tempting to shoot everything wide open all the time but stopping down your aperture can actually make your shots better for a couple of reasons first of all like we talked about before nailing focus when you're on this side of the camera is already hard enough as it is but you know what makes it easier if more of the frame is already in focus so slightly increasing depth of field by pushing your aperture up to something like f4 or f 5.6 might save you a lot of headache for missed focus shots by just putting a little bit more of the frame in focus and also if you're trying to show off a beautiful scene and there are lots of things to look at in it why not put a little bit more of it in focus for the audience to actually see if you're shooting on a super wide focal length like 16 millimeters this might not be necessary f 2.8 at 16 millimeters puts most of your scene in focus already but it's just something that you actually want to be considering don't just default to the widest aperture possible all right so we're living on the edge here we're using manual focus we're actually using our aperture to our advantage one thing that we're going to want to make sure we're doing in the next tip is to review your shot every single time if you can normally if you're behind the camera you might be able to get away with moving on from a shot right after you're done because you were there you watched it go by the whole time you pretty much have an idea whether it worked or not but when you're filming yourself do not move that camera until you have checked the shot to make sure that it worked make sure that you don't need to change settings or change focus or anything like that and shoot it again this is one of those things that adds a lot of extra time to filming by yourself but it's going to actually save you a ton of headache and time in the editing process because trying to fix something or patch it up or try and live without it if it's something important in your story it's such a pain that being said there are certain things that you can get away with doing in post and that's where our next tip comes in fake camera movement sometimes a series of locked off tripod shots is just fine but it can get a little bit boring so what you can try and do is in post keyframe small movement so it gives the illusion of camera movement for example one of my favorites is to slightly zoom in as i'm walking away from the camera and slightly zoom out as i'm walking towards the camera it almost gives the illusion that the camera is moving with me and of course you can do the same thing for left to right movement or right to left movement but i don't do those nearly as much and remember that if you're gonna do those types of things you're gonna need to zoom in first to give yourself room to move so hopefully you planned ahead and shot those specific shots extra wide to give yourself that extra space the other thing that you can do in post is fake camera shake to give it the illusion of being handheld davinci resolve has a plug-in that makes this super easy but there are ways to do it in all the other programs as well if you do a quick youtube search there's lots of tutorials out there to teach you that fake camera movement can give a more professional feel and it definitely starts to hide the fact that you were alone when you shot the thing and the final tip of this video is the one that i probably struggle with personally the most and it's to remember to be creative with your shots like i said earlier when you're wearing all of these different hats when you've got all of these different roles it can be super tempting to take the easy route and not get too experimental and creative with what you're doing and while you should definitely be considering what the project needs first it doesn't mean that you can get lazy just because you're filming by yourself remember the audience doesn't necessarily know they're not judging you based on the fact that you did film the whole thing by yourself they're just judging whether they liked it or not so that means that you need to go the extra mile to make sure they can't tell the difference between your film that you shot all by yourself and somebody else's where they had a proper crew and everybody to do their individual jobs so those are my tips but as always i want to hear from you do you have any extra tips that you would give to someone who is trying to film themselves make sure to leave a comment down below and on your way down there hit that like and subscribe button hit the bell notification so you don't miss out on future videos huge thank you to dji for sponsoring this video make sure to go check out the link in the description to check out the action 2. thank you so much for watching and i'll see you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnduroStanis [1 likes]: Very helpful advises. Thank you!
  2. @dbdhudejjska: Best video on YouTube
  3. @reidnorthrup2688: What a fantastic video. So much excellent information. Really helped me learn a lot. I’m 70 now and have been doing landscape photography in western NC. But I’m thinking about expanding into doing YouTube videos for a little change and get my brain learning completely new things and techniques. You really helped with that. I’m keeping it simple using my iPhone 17 Pro Max coupled with an Insta360 Flow 2 Pro gimbal, which is awesome. It can do many of the things you mentioned very easily. But I’m still in the early learning stage. I can definitely understand when you say it takes time. Boy, have I found that out. But I’m curious, how did you get the shot around 3:45 where the camera is shooting you from behind and keeping a static distance from you?  I’ll subscribe and watch your other videos. Thanks. Great stuff.
  4. @CuriousMindAI25: it's been 3 years, please make a new updates version of this with bit more to know about. and really informative video thank you very much.
  5. @Jeymorley: Thanks a lot, it was like a masterclass in preparation
  6. @funnyvirals5337: The extra tip i would like to give is subscribe to him 
He's really a good guy with a very charismatic personality.
  7. @javigorguis: DJI osmo is so fun for filming yourself!
  8. @AntonioMBrown: Wow thank you man Manual Focus is a game changer!
  9. @mountain_bumblebee: thank you for video
  10. @ManishAhirwar-h1c: 😢😢😮😮😮
  11. @naturestone3148: Most important Advice is you are filming yourself in the deep Forrest: Don`t get eaten by the Bear.
  12. @davidwillis5016: Thanks
  13. @ElevationSolo: Love this!! Think sequence, not so much shots. Paint a pic for the audience. Ready to start applying my viewing of videos. Very excited!
  14. @FilmingWithJoy: Great advice. Honestly the only thing I recommend is adding a loud click noise (like the slate we use in film) so you can see it on the audio in editing. It makes a huge difference 
 
Joyful filming ❤
  15. @Otherarebetter: Thank you so much for the inspiration, you gave me good tips ! Sometimes I try to make things too complicated to get the best shot, but sometimes the best shots are the natural and instinctive ones. Thanks again!
  16. @ianlaughlin85: You could see it on his face... He absolutely does not use that tiny camera in the ad. Lol
  17. @Expedition_Botswana: I love this content, Thanks, Filming Yourself is the most remarkable thing by the way, you get to determine your own pace and think freely and independently with no pressure
  18. @jamiraunddylan: The thing I have yet to understand for myself is the fact that filming a sign, a plant or a rock, is part of and not a boring object that viewers might interpret. When filming, perspective is different from what we see. It is true that different angles, zooms and short movements of what you are doing really make a big difference. I record everything by phone 😊
  19. @blue-collarcrypto2411: Wait a minute. I’m a minute in,  it looks like you’re near the Olympic coast. Love that place
  20. @thriveatretirement: Oh we need a friend ??? 😂  always just been alone with iPhone.

- MAKE YOUR VIDEOS LOOK PRO!: Kind: captions Language: en Today I will show you how to make your video from looking like this to something like this. [Music] It doesn't matter if budget friendly camera or you're using an iPhone or an Android. As long as your phone is capable of using manual exposure, then you are good to go. So, buying an expensive camera won't fix any of these problems. That's why what I'll be teaching today is on how to fix these problems by just tweaking some settings on your camera. And we will be talking about on how to light your shots to have a more interesting and professional looking videos because lighting is the key that separates amateur-looking videos to professionallooking videos. So, by the end of this one, you will learn about the different directions of light, how to use colors to make your images more interesting, and you step by-step process on how I light my videos to make my indoor shots look so much better. So, without further ado, let's get started. So, the first thing we need to do when we have this plain looking horrible image is to adjust some settings on our camera. First, we have to make sure that we lower their ISO because having a low ISO makes our camera less sensitive to light, which removes grain and noise on our shots. And remember, lowering your ISO will make your image darker. So, achieve that proper exposure. Don't forget to set your aperture to the lowest value to balance your exposure and to have more bokeh or background separation subject. So, right now we are at ISO 200 at f/2.8. It is so much better compared to settings canina which is a lot of grain on the image and less background separation. Next, let's talk about lighting. And let's start by showing you how the directions of light may affect the overall look of your subject. And you may be wondering why some photographers and filmmakers, specifically me, prefer to shoot only from sunrise to 9:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. until sunset. direction of light affects the overall look of our videos and no subject. Same goes photography lights like this. Whenever we move our lights under the subject horror or scary movies whenever we move our lights directly above the subject which is my shadow under the eyes almost the same if we are shooting 12 and when we move our light beside our subject impression that our subject may be angry disappointed lonely or planning to do something bad. This kind of lighting is always used on Hollywood films as say it portrays a lot of emotion since our subject is lit on the other side of the face while having a lot of shadows on the opposite side. So now let's proceed on how I personally light my YouTube videos. After set your ISO and aperture to the lowest value, I'm going to prepare my key light, my F light and practical lights. So basically our main light also known as key light is our primary source of light which lights up the scene at no subject. So basically it has the most power output. I'm using a Nanlight FS150 with a 90 cm nonllight parabolic softbox. Now let's turn the lights off and let's turn on our key light. For key lights I usually place them 45° from the side and slightly above the head of the subject. And as we rotate this knob, we can adjust the power output of the light. And remember, using a higher power output will cause some lights to spill on the background, which will also depend on what kind of look that you want. Also, aside from power output, distance between your light and the subject will affect how harsh or soft light subject. The next thing we'll be talking about is F light. For f light n man what I use is the nanite forza 60 with a nanite 60 cm softbox and I use this one par shadows and contrast from our key light. So basically we'll be placing this one on the other side of my face and for me a 25 to 30% power output is enough. So here's the difference from what we had earlier. Here's the before. Here's the after. Here's the before. And here's the after. Now, let's add some contrast to our overall image by adding some lights to our background. And I'll be using the Pavo Tube 15C from Nanlight. It's an RGB light with internal battery, which means we can use this wherever we like without plugging into an outlet. We can choose whatever colors we like, but I prefer using the color between blue and teal since at my back separation between my skin tone at background. You can also adjust the power and saturation of this light, but I prefer to using only about 60%. So, now let's put it at the back of my computer monitor. So, right here placement. All we have to do is to adjust until it hits the roller blinds. Balance exposure from here to here. Charging duct. I'm going to use another pavo tube and set it to a cool white balance to light up this part of my composition. And I'll put it where it can't be seen on our camera. And here's without the background light. And here's with the background light. And now let's talk about practical lights. Practical lights are basically any lights that we can add on our scene. The difference between practical light and other lights is that other lights such as key light and f light are hidden on the frame shot. While for practical light we can clearly see them in the frame which adds dimension to our scene. And for practicals what I will be using is this lamp. An LED strip at the back of my table. Another LED light now my lightning design at your light right here. and our favorite, the Pabou 15C one. And here's the other one. Then let's play with some colors or let's try some color combinations that we have. First, let's try the triadic color combination, which is purple, yellow, and blue, which we also did earlier. Next, let's try the complimentary colors. And for this one, let's try the most popular above all, the orange and teal colors. And for our last one, let's try the analogous color combination which is using only one group of color sung. So before I end this video, I would like to tell you guys that we are giving away three sets of Pab 6C. So basically we will have three wheelers and Pav 6 is the same l except that it is half in size. So perfect for travel, super compact and wherever you like. Yes, it is half in size. They both offer the same features like for example you want to change the color to whatever you like something like that. And you can also adjust the saturation and the power output of this light. And if you want pure white, you can change it to CCT mode and then you can change to either a warm white or a cool white. So if you want to win the Papachu 260, all you have to do is go to my Facebook page and check for the mechanics and don't forget to give this video a thumbs up. So that's it for our tutorial. I hope to see you in the next one. And for those who are joining the giveaway, good luck to you guys. Stay creative and God bless.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drowsysky [650 likes]: I've been watching your Channel for a long time. I've learned so much things with your videos. Thanks❤️❤️
  2. @Matthewmadnesstamang: Nce bro software use
  3. @hahhaa.master1: MIKOOOOOOOO NASAN KA NAA!!!>>!>!
  4. @HikmuSebah: You are amazing
  5. @vivanonair: Nice video The explanation feels clear and the pacing makes it easy to stay hooked till the end
  6. @lbibir: Bro went from Indian,to American
  7. @yanosequescribir: WOW you add 2 new led lights... amazing
  8. @Insomgamerz: I have received a third gift box from the developers of Black Myth Wukong game? Can you help me to make an unboxing video? I have s24 ultra phone and a very good light with a big softbox.
  9. @TheEcstaticFool: My favorite part is Miko speaking in 100% Tag-lish and millions understanding every word. ❤
  10. @ccceeegaming1094: I just came across into this video and all i can say is its GOLD. Sakto  at natataon kasi kadadating lang din ng dalawang nabili ko na small LED lights na ginagamit ko muna as keylight and accent light. Still planning on to buy a big LED light for my computer setup, and I think the tube lights you mentioned would be good for an accent light on my set. I also like how you give an example of a color combination. Very informative video.
  11. @sols9449: Can you use a Nan light 60 as your key light instead of a 120 anyone can answer this question if you’re knowledgeable on the subject please thank you.
  12. @AugustineNsofwa-u7q: Next time please don’t use a setup that’s too expensive bro,not everybody can afford those lights 🥲
  13. @SamuelMane-x9t: How to change my background using  100 phone
  14. @SmartFixoffical: Very nice 👌
  15. @christianviola2188: Ai
  16. @kitxPOV: Bakit tumigil ka sa pag edit?
  17. @ASITL: Can you provide link of background light holder
  18. @eljoshitoo: this was so cool and informative!
  19. @RimshahRehman: Learned a lot about the camera settings and lights.

1. Adjusting camera settings: Low ISO and aperture.
2. Ski and fi light for main and reducing face side shadows.
3. Background lights for contrast.
4. Practical lights for addition.
5. Colorful background lights for correct reflection in video making. 👍🏻
  20. @NeritanKolaa: This helped me a lot.

- 12 Easy Tips & Tricks for Filming Solo: Kind: captions Language: en What if your daily life could look like a movie? I'm Brandon Lee and in this video I'm going to share a whole lot of tips for shooting selfies that don't look like selfies. Filming yourself from far away, overhead shots, low angles, cats, filming your hands and feet, shots in vehicles, mirror shots, pulling focus, multiplying yourself, even erasing lights and tripods without AI. So, if you're ready to take your solo film making to the next level, let's go ahead and get started. This video is not sponsored. Here's some shots I filmed of myself walking around Hong Kong. So, why don't these shots look like selfies? Well, one reason is because the camera is far away. It gives the impression that somebody else has set up the scene. For instance, here's a shot I did close up with a 24 mm lens. Notice how it feels like I'm almost about to turn and talk to the camera. Now, here's the same scene only filmed from far away across the room with a 100 mm lens. It feels much more like I'm unaware of the camera. And that voyeristic feeling is one of the things that makes a shot feel cinematic when the subject appears to be unaware that they're being filmed. All right, here's a step-by-step walkthrough of how I quickly set up one of these shots. First, I extend my tripod. In this case, I'm using the ultra portable Ulanzi AT01. Then I drop my magnetic variable ND on my lens. This one's by HNY. And the lens I'm using is the Samyang VAF 75 mm. Then I connect my phone to the camera using the Sony monitor and control app, which gives me control of all the camera functions. Plus, I can tap on myself to set the focus. Then I just wait for the right moment and do a little acting. Now, of course, it can be risky to step away from your gear while shooting. So, I make sure to film in safe areas and I stay close to my camera as long as possible until the moment I'm ready to shoot. The risks are going to be different in every situation. So, you just have to do your research before you go out and shoot and always stay aware of your surroundings. Going above eye level is another way to create that cinematic feeling of voyerism. I'm going to make things extra challenging by shooting in low light and shooting out in public. Wide lenses make things look a lot higher up. So, I'll be using my Viltrox 16mm f1.8 lens, which is both wide angle and good for lowlight shooting. And I'll be combining some other gear from my kit to create a super tall tripod. This is the Shinewe carbon fiber rod, which is a lightweight rod that you can extend. And I attached it on top of my Ulanszi at1 portable tripod. Then I put a ball head on top of the carbon fiber rod. When extended, this rig goes way over my head, and it's steadier than you might think. As usual, I used the monitor and control app for all the camera settings and to preview my framing. For this shot, I put these street signs in the foreground, which gives a sense of scale to the shot. We can see that the camera is at the same level as the signs. So, it tells us how high up it is. For a shot like this, you would usually use a special kind of rig that requires a lot of extra gear. But here, I'll demonstrate how to do it with the same kit I've been using for all the other shots. I'm using the same combo of the Yulanszi AT1 portable tripod and the Shinewe carbon fiber rod with the ball head on top. And the lens I'm using is the ultra lightweight Rokinon Remaster Slim 21 millimeter. I raised up the rig all the way to the ceiling. And then I framed up my shot and filmed myself lying down on the couch. But as you can see, there is one problem. The tripod is obviously in the shot. So what I did next is I moved the tripod and filmed a slightly different angle just of the ground. An empty plate. Then in post, I repositioned the shot and masked out the portion that I needed. And I layered it over the original shot to cover the tripod feet. And now we have a clean top down shot. What about using AI for the same task? Well, Runway just released the new ALF model, so I decided to give it a try. And here's the results that I got. Looks pretty good at first glance, but there's some weird stuff going on here. Look at my feet. It actually replaced my feet with an AI version, which I don't quite understand. And if you look at the overall motion, it's a little bit smeary and weird. So, I did a quick mask in post and just use the part of the AI shot that I needed to cover the tripod feet, but even that's not quite perfect. As you can see, the runway version has a lot less detail in the carpet, even though it did match the texture pretty well. So, overall, the real version is still the better way to go. Here's the technique for using your phone to shoot an ultra- low angle shot. I put my iPhone 16 Pro on a mini tripod and I angled it to face the rear lens up. But the problem here is that the screen now faces the ground. So, there's no way for me to preview what I'm shooting. But I do have this new phone monitor from Small Rig that uses a wireless connection with the iPhone via screen mirroring. So I used that Small Rig monitor to preview my framing when I couldn't see the actual iPhone screen. The monitor works with any app, including Blackmagic Camera, which is my preferred app for shooting on an iPhone. So I recorded this shot in Apple Log for the highest quality. And for this shot, I happened to find this Oscar worthy cat to be my co-star. I was able to quickly set up the framing and get the shot before the cat decided that she'd rather be somewhere else. Self shots tend to be static, so filming on vehicles is a great way to add some motion into the shot without needing to move myself or the camera. To film myself in a taxi, I put my 24mm lens on my camera and rigged it on my KN&F Concept mini tripod. I held the tripod at a low angle, resting it against the front seat. And here's the resulting shot. I used autofocus for this one just to make things easier. You can also use the same rig to film from the side. Also, be sure to get the reverse shot showing what you are seeing in the scene. To film myself on the ferry, I used the same 24mm lens and rigged the camera to a support beam. And here's the resulting shot. Once again, this was in autofocus mode. And here's the reverse shot showing what my character is seeing in the scene. To add variety to your self shots, you can film closer angles on your hands and feet. The tricky part here is getting the framing and the focus just right. Sometimes you can just do trial and error like I did for this shot. But here's a trick for making things easier. First, you find a small object that fits naturally into your scene. In this case, I found this leaf on the ground. Next, place the object in the center of your frame and focus your camera on it. Then when you walk, make sure you step on it as you pass by the camera. This will make sure that you have a moment in your shot when your foot is perfectly framed and focused. One more tip about shooting hands and feet. I like to put the camera at so-called eye level with my subject. So, we're not looking down on the hands or we're not looking down on the feet. We're looking straight at them. To me, this creates a more subjective and therefore cinematic look. So, whenever possible, I keep the camera's tilt at zero. All right, here's a shot we've all seen before. The classic mirror selfie. There's only one problem. In order to get the right perspective, I have to put the camera in the shot. So, here's a quick way to remove the camera cleanly. After I film myself, I move my tripod slightly to the side and then I shoot another take of the empty bathroom. I then mask out the area that I need and I move it to fit the original shot and instantly the camera's gone. I just need to be careful that my body never crosses over this part of the shot. In my last video about filming yourself, I showed you how to use the monitor and control app to set focus marks and pull focus accurately. Well, guess what? There's an even simpler way to do this, which I'll show you now. Using the same app, I make sure that spot focus is enabled. Then I tap once to set the focus on myself. Then I hold the phone just out of frame in my shot and I tap on the background to shift the focus again, which creates a beautiful smooth rack focus. It's really as easy as that. Just figure out where you want the focus to shift to and then tap on your phone during the shot. [Music] Here's a tip for filming yourself using natural light, especially in urban areas. If you're in a city on a sunny day, you'll probably see reflected sunlight bouncing off the buildings. You can use that reflected sunlight to create a really interesting look. For this shot, I positioned myself with the real sun on one side of my face and then the bounced sunlight on the other side, which creates a very three-dimensional look because the light is coming at me from both sides. So, the next time you're out shooting in a city, look for sunlight coming from one direction and a reflection coming from the opposite direction, and you can get a great three-dimensional look without having to set up any lights at all. Now, I'll show you some techniques for using a single portable light. In this case, I'll be using the Gune Mus X60, but you can use whatever light you happen to own. For this first shot, I set up my frame with this neon sign in the background. And then I put the light at a 90° angle to the camera in CCT mode, and I adjusted the color of the light to match the neon signage. And I also used the dome diffusion on the light to make it a bit softer. So, this created an edge light that helped to separate me from the background and make me stand out in the shot. For this next one, I used RGB mode set to red and I bounced the light off a nearby wall for a more natural ambient look. Then I set the camera up again at a 90° angle to the light and I checked my composition with the monitor and control app as usual. And then I just waited for some vehicles to pass by to give some extra motion. And the great thing about using an RGB light is you can switch up the color instantly to create different vibes. Sometimes the perfect lighting requires the light stand to actually be in frame. So, here's how I easily remove the stand in post. After I shoot my shot of myself, I just move the stand out of frame. And then I shoot a second take of the background. Then I mask out a section and lay it over my original shot. And boom, the light is gone. I just need to make sure that no cars pass through the shot. Otherwise, you get this disappearing ghost bus effect. There's no need to be lonely when you're filming yourself. Just clone yourself in post. Here's how I did this shot quickly and easily. First, I found a visually interesting location. This location should be totally static. No other moving people or moving objects. Then, I set up my camera in a wide shot. I used a 24mm lens and I attached the camera to this rod using my Yulanszi flexible mini tripod. Then I rolled a very long take starting with an empty background and then I moved myself into frame in different locations in the room occupying each space for at least 10 seconds. Then in post, I chopped up the clip and masked out myself in each position. I put it all on a timeline and here's the final result. It's seamless and easy as long as you make sure not to overlap yourself in the frame. Thanks for watching and I hope you learned some useful tips for starring in your own movie. Gear links are in the description as usual and there's a lot more coming up. So, please subscribe and I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BrandonLiUnscripted [32 likes]: Learn more about how I make my videos and films in my free workshop https://bdn.li/free-workshop
  2. @AFrenchCanadianCloset [2 likes]: The AI slippers to feet in socks replacement genuinely cracked me up. It really got a mind of it's own!
  3. @cody-w-allen [2 likes]: I like how you showed the difference between using AI vs your real version, super helpful.  Great video, I'm going to try a bunch of these in mine!
  4. @K-DSTR [1 likes]: all that knowledge and those tricks given in a beautifully constructed video, that's awesome
  5. @ChellooEdits [1 likes]: Genial :elbowcough:
  6. @Oscar_Apronti [1 likes]: Masterful exactly what I needed
  7. @Gingabella1 [1 likes]: nice work!
  8. @EleazarBitoon [1 likes]: The best🎉
  9. @sebastianfmusic [1 likes]: Fire work bro 🫡
  10. @formal_club [1 likes]: absolutely incredible, knew it was gonna be a good video at "no ai" :) ❤
  11. @MdYeamin-l7v6z [1 likes]: bro , You're outstanding 🎉

Really outstanding... 

I cannot express it in words... keep it up
  12. @christophersummers790 [1 likes]: This was incredible. Thank you for the tips! Definitely earned a sub here! 🙏🏻
  13. @dayflaubert [1 likes]: 2:38 we all know in the past life you were a ninja
  14. @ellyhjrahmatchannel4779 [1 likes]: 1st tip: You better look good on camera, If not, you’ll waste 8 hours filming one scene because every time you replay the video, your first reaction is “nah delete this immediately” 💀
  15. @nara16-ultra [1 likes]: thats gold content THANKS A LOT!!
  16. @justanotheraccount4u: The way he trust on that tripod
  17. @KoniecTrasy: How did this tripod not tip over when it was set up that high?
  18. @LuckIzNoExcuse: Hi, great video Brandon. I am half way through and a question popped up in my head, maybe it is answered later in the video.
Do you write script earlier and later take the shots as per the script or vise vera? Please let me know your process. Thanks.
  19. @YashJain0702: in my country I can't take that risk of placing my camera that far... sad
  20. @nicktdoesnothing: that highup tripod scared the hell outta me

- INSTANTLY Look Natural on Video (4 Simple Hacks): Kind: captions Language: en Sunny Lenarduzzi: You may or may not know that when I first started my career, I was actually a journalist or a reporter and I have interviewed a lot of people on camera and I've been on the camera for a very long time. Cameras do weird things to people, so I wanted to break down through all my years of experience four ways to instantly look better on camera. Quick tip before we dive in. There is nothing more uncomfortable than watching someone who is uncomfortable on camera. Your viewers and audience want you to look relaxed so they can sit back, relax, and enjoy your content. You got this. The first thing that will instantly make you look better on camera is something I call the “S & B Combo.” There's a funny thing that happens when you get nervous, and sometimes you forget to smile and you also forget to blink. The reason video is so powerful for your business, your brand, and it's just a really big part of our world now is because it makes you build a trust factor with the person watching. But people don't trust you if you look like a serial killer. Is this the way you look like when you're really, really nervous on camera and you can't quite think of what to do with your hand ... That was so hard! Keep your mouth relaxed, think of something happy, smile, and it sends an actual physical reaction through your body to just sort of breathe and that does make you look more comfortable and more confident on camera. The reason that video is so important in building your business and your brand is that it builds trust, so you want to make sure that you don't have the serial killer vibes and that you have trustworthy vibes on camera. How do you actually implement this when you're still not used to it? All you have to do is watch yourself back. What I would when I was first working in media is I would do a bunch of different exercises on camera, I would interview friends and family on camera, and I would see what my presence actually looked like and I would pick out the things that I liked and then work on the things that I didn't like. Don't shame yourself, don't be embarrassed, it's not natural to talk to a camera, so it feels weird at the beginning. Bosses, let's have a moment of honesty. Have you ever watched your footage and thought to yourself, “I look a little like a serial killer.” If you have, put serial killer in the comments below. I'm one of those people. The second way to instantly look better on camera is to stop thinking about the camera as a camera. One thing that I would do when I was first starting out talking on camera is I would either visualize or I would actually put a picture of a friend or a family member on my camera, so it made me feel like I was talking directly to them. Makes things a lot easier, makes you feel a little more comfortable and at ease, and it makes you remember that you're not talking to millions or hundreds of people even, you're talking to one person. That's how you build a connection with video, that's how you build a connection on camera. If you can visually think of someone in your head who would make you feel comfortable, maybe it's your mom or your best friend or your boyfriend or your husband, whoever it may be, think of them. If it makes it even easier, put the picture near the camera so it makes you feel like that you're having that one-to-one conversation. Comment below, let me know who you are thinking of when you feel you're most comfortable and you're most confident on camera. The third way to instantly look better on camera — I'm going to stand up for this one — is your posture. When you feel uncomfortable, your tendency is to sort of protect yourself and move your body inwards. That makes you hunch and look down and not make eye contact. You don't trust people who don't make eye contact with you, so when you're on video and you can't look directly at the lens, which is really looking at another human being in the eyes, you come across as shady and untrustworthy. First things first is the eye contact piece of it which means you need to have your chin up, buttercup, and you also need to make sure your shoulders are back. So if I'm feeling uncomfortable on camera, this is what it looks like. I'm seriously and expert and you should probably really listen to me ... Most importantly, you're looking directly at the lens. Do you feel like I'm talking directly to you right now? If you do, let me know in the comments below. That's what good camera presence does, it creates this kind of a connection, but you need to actually make eye contact in order to do that. The final way to look really comfortable on camera is preparation. What I used to do is when I was going live at some location in the middle nowhere and there was a bunch of distractions around me, I actually would keep my notes in my back pocket, and I'd also give another copy of my notes to my cameraman or I would tape it somewhere in and around the camera on the tripod. I usually didn't end up even using those notes, but just the safety and comfort of knowing that they were somewhere that I could look at in case I froze, which has happened before, it made me feel a lot more confident and comfortable and made me present myself in a much more comfortable way. Preparation is key, so knowing what you want to talk about, and also keeping in mind, you are an expert at whatever topic it is that you're talking about, so know that and really kind of pep talk yourself, and that's part of preparation. Pep talk yourself into knowing, “I know what I'm talking about, I've been talking about this for years and years and years, if someone asked me at a party what I do for a living or what I'm passionate about,” you could go on for days. It is no different when you're talking to camera. So prepare, prepare, prepare, and the one thing I will say about preparation ... I often get asked this question and a lot of you bosses had asked me this ... Should I get a teleprompter and should I read from notes when I'm filming my videos? I actually don't think that you should because it makes you come across much more stiff and you're more focused on getting the words right on screen than you are coming across natural and comfortable. What I do instead is when you're doing a pre-produced video, the wonderful thing is, film it in small sections. That way, you're not trying to memorize and entire script and go through the whole thing at once; I can't even do that. What I do instead is I break it down by intro, which is a few sentences, I know those, I know the gist of what I want to say. I film it, if I screw up, I film it again. Now, I'm issuing you a challenge boss. The only way to get comfortable on camera is to see yourself on camera a lot. What I want you to do is pull out your phone and use Instagram Stories or Snapchat, whatever platform you want to use, film yourself, and save it or send it directly to me or tag me some way somehow @SunnyLenarduzzi and show me that you've done this exercise, because I promise you, the only reason you're super nervous about being on camera is because you haven't done it a lot. I've just been doing this for over a decade, so for me it ain't no thing. But when I first started, I totally got the nerves. Now that you know how to be comfortable on camera, make sure you check out my last video on how to make a professional video at home because you are ready to go now. You have all the steps that you need to be comfortable on camera. Click the link around this video to check out the video on how to make a professional video at home. It shows you everything you need to know, and then you're set to go. If you liked this video, remember to hit that like button below, share it with your fellow bosses or someone who does really get nervous on camera, comment below with your favorite tip or your favorite trick or hack that I shared, or one that you have that you can share with our community of bosses on how to get comfortable on camera. If you're new here, welcome, and make sure you hit that subscribe button and click the bell to get notified every time I post a new video, which is every single week. Thank you so much for watching, you got this, I've got your back, I can't wait to see your videos, and I'll see you soon, boss.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SunnyLenarduzzi [69 likes]: Thanks for watching, Boss! Who are you thinking of when you feel your most comfortable and confident on camera? Comment below with your favorite trick to get comfortable on camera! 😊
  2. @rachelmoss1967 [2 likes]: This is the first great video that has really helped me, and great it is coming from an expert on camera. Thanks Sunny. Just followed you on IG xx
  3. @profmubashirhussain [2 likes]: Best video. You have won my trust. I will watch all your videos to improve my camera skills
  4. @profmubashirhussain [2 likes]: Thinking about my beloved makes me feel great
  5. @eloisesjohnson28 [1 likes]: Thanks. more than anything you said knowing how I freeze before I talk is natural. I did think of putting up a person's face. I must relax enough to blink. LOL
  6. @jtough7499 [1 likes]: I always worry about my hands...I'm not Italian but act like it lol
  7. @gbcautoworks [1 likes]: 😂 serial killer
  8. @carnalcowboy3481: Great video! Such good tips.
  9. @disland64: Knowledge Base
  10. @Just_A_Plant_Parent: Hey! This was REALLY useful! I am thinking of doing a face reveal on my socials and have been researching some ways to improve the way I show myself on camera! Thank you! 🫶💚🌱🪴
  11. @iuliamihai2498: This looks like it was filmed in Coal Harbour, Vancouver 🇨🇦🍁
  12. @myamazingworld-33: Thank you so much! 🙏😊❤
  13. @koyel1006: Super nice mam. I m from India.
  14. @mehedifoysal363: Definitely you look natural on camera.
  15. @gamebuster800: I filmed myself today for the first time and I didn't look like a serial killer (i think?) but I do look REALLY awkward. Also, reading the script that I put right above the camera really didn't help
  16. @DavidDoyle7166: Awesome tips! Thanks Sunny Lenarduzzi
  17. @KaerstenCW: Good advice thank you 😊
  18. @WestSeaSpirit: God this was so helpful thank you so much! The issue with me is I have OCD where I've obsessively want to change myself all the time. It's very hard for me to stick with what was successful! Weird huh? Sometimes I feel extremely uncomfortable because I constantly think about what people will think about me.

The most helpful tip was filming in sections and re-recording. Sometimes I feel like I need to commit to failure and then I double and triple down on those tiny mistakes I could have easily taken care of. Cheers
  19. @mckem4: Serial Killer 😂
  20. @Stevenpbradshaw: serial killer

- Where to look when filming yourself on camera: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to my channel when you first tried making videos did you find there was something super awkward about how you looked chances are you were caught out by these simple error of not knowing exactly where to look for YouTube videos is right down the barrel of the lens because on the receiving end it feels nice and personal as if your eye to eye with the viewer in this video I want to show you some ideas and techniques that will help you get this spot-on first of all it's okay to be rude I say that because in day to day life you would be considered rude if you were just staring at someone in an unrelenting way but this isn't a day life and your viewer isn't expecting to talk back to you unless you're on a zoom chapter that's another video if you're finding it difficult and awkward to just stare down the barrel look at it this way the more you still write down the camera the more confident it looks on the receiving end of course remember to go back to normal when you're talking to people again the second thing to consider is how to deal with the natural tendency to look away when in thought this perfectly human reflex happens automatically when you access a part of the brain to recall information again it's expected in face-to-face conversations and happens all the time to the point where we don't even notice anymore but on camera you can easily start to look evasive or distracted here's why remember that experience when you're in a cafe and the person you're talking to notices something and looks past you over your shoulder and then they they wave at someone or something what do you want to do you want to look of course you'll find out what or who they were looking at and that's because the information is outside your peripheral field of vision which makes you curious on camera your viewers peripheral field of vision is limited to the frame so any momentary glances away from the camera are subconsciously triggering the same response as the cafe scenario and it's distracting to things we recommend that will help or minimize maybe even eliminate these problems number one use a teleprompter so that your words are on the screen as you talk this will save you from trying to recall information from your long suffering brain and also keep your eyeline right on target 2 down the barrel number two if you're not planning on getting a teleprompter just yet or you don't feel comfortable about before to a script consider at least our chunking method have your bullet points down and film them in small chunks of information one at a time put the above techniques into practice and you'll notice you can do it much easier without the pressure that comes with trying to do your whole video in one tape which we would never recommend anyway even with a telecom you nice if it happens but leave the illusion of the single long take of the Edit where you can bolt all those chunks back together but once you hear why don't subscribe because we're a channel growing mission then we want to show you behind the scenes of how we're doing it meanwhile check out this video on whether or not you should actually use a teleprompter or not or this video about how to edit videos just like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @resplendentpeace [9 likes]: Next you should make a video about why you should avoid background music or use it very sparingly.
  2. @MillionDollarSelling [6 likes]: for an expert the constant music is distracting and a pain to watch and listen while trying to block out the sound. your vids will be easier to take in without the volume,
  3. @PlanetImo [5 likes]: Ha! I did that 'looking away whilst recalling something' on my next vlog. I'm normally pretty good at looking at the lens on the whole. I started out without a monitor, so by the time I had one, the lens habit was well established so I wasn't drawn to the monitor screen.
  4. @BBQLIFE [4 likes]: Good points here it's something I find hard. In my last video I did a lot on talking to the camera and it's not very natural to me yet
  5. @noahsauder [3 likes]: Thanks for the help! Embrace the awkwardness!
  6. @ritasjourney [3 likes]: I'm using my cell phone to shoot the videos. I have no idea where to look. I always look like I'm looking off somewhere else
  7. @TheAIBlueprint [1 likes]: Talking heads definitely helps to look at the lens to make a connection with the viewers. If you have an interview-style thing, then looking off the camera as if yo'ure talking to someone besides the viewer works more effectively. great content!
  8. @MrSoccerHighlighter [1 likes]: Awesome video!
  9. @aldo6532: Excellent video, thank you so much!! 👏
  10. @AndrewThiriot: Excellent advice.  Thanks.
  11. @realjackeal: Great tips! Thank you!
  12. @moringaottawa: Informative and super funny 😂
  13. @dub7782: Thank you!
  14. @palcsoke: Not the first second, haha. 😂
  15. @CindymeCindy: Too bad didn’t answer the question of the video. You said to “stare down the middle of the barrel”.  What does that mean?  What people actually wanted to know was “ do you look at the screen or at the camera lens?”.
  16. @copypaste9067: Great inf liked it thanks man
  17. @deanodell-magicianmindreader: Iam really frustrated with my teleprompter iam staring right down the centre but my eyes in the video look don't look like they are , is there something I am doing wrong?
  18. @INTERNETSOPHI: What’s the best way to shoot a cover of a song on YouTube ? Most popular youtubers/singers don’t look at the camera unless it’s a music video, and I’ve had the hardest time figuring out to to make that 45degree angle not look so awkward. What tends to happen is I look like I’m closing my eyes because I don’t know how high up to look 😩 do you have any tips for this??

- How to Get More Comfortable on Camera (Physical Tips): Kind: captions Language: en if appearing on camera instantly sparks anxiety for you don't worry you can work on your on-camera presence and today i have 13 physical actions you can take to look natural and exude more comfort and confidence on camera hey there thanks for clicking on this video if you're new to my channel i'm so glad you're here my name is katie fallinger i spent 15 years working in the top markets of tv and radio and i also have expertise in do it yourself video creation so on this channel i merge that pro and diy knowledge to help new video creators become production rock stars so if that sounds like something you'd be interested in consider subscribing for new content every tuesday and you can also ring the bell to get notified when new videos post okay when it comes to your on-camera presence there's absolutely something to be gained by having natural ability but if appearing on camera doesn't come naturally you can train yourself to get better and let's face it even in a world of tech overload it's strange to talk to a piece of equipment right but here's the thing good camera presence is paramount to the success of your videos no matter your message your presence is what will create connection with your viewers it's what will create trust with them and frankly it's what's going to make them like you and enjoy watching you so here are 13 physical tips to help tip number one actually try to relax before you start recording shake off anything weighing you down and invite a chill mindset in sit comfortably stand comfortably and wear clothing that you would actually wear and that makes you feel like you now we're not going to go too deep into personal aesthetics here but i do have a whole video about how to look polished on camera i will link that here and below in the description if you want to check that out but you definitely want to feel like yourself in front of the camera okay tip number two and i know it sounds cliche but george lucas once said they're cliches because they work so smile a simple smile actually works wonders for your on-camera presence unless your topic is somber and serious smiling will naturally make you look more at ease more relaxed and way more comfortable and your body also has a natural physical reaction when you smile to automatically give off a more comfortable vibe it's pretty cool right tip number three don't forget to blink this seems so obvious but when we're really nervous sometimes our eyes just forget to blink on their own how weird and creepy does it look when i just talk at you and my eyes never move pretty weird and creepy yeah so remember to blink okay tip number four is all about your posture now i know i told you to relax and you still want to do that but at the same time you want to exude confidence trustworthiness and authority right and your physical presence gives off vibes when i hunch down like this or if i look down at the floor and i barely make eye contact with you how does that make you feel about my confidence and my authority on what i'm talking about not very good right when we are really nervous or uncomfortable we have this tendency to withdraw inward and physically close ourselves off it's a protection mechanism and you just gotta fight that so you're sitting or standing up straight you're gonna lift your chin up your shoulders are back you're confident you got this right do you see what a difference there is in how you react to me when i present myself like this versus this it's totally palpable right also if you are standing keep your feet planted in one spot so that you're not swaying or shifting position from one foot to the other that keeps you from possibly moving out of the camera frame but it also keeps you from looking like you just came from happy hour now tip number five is to speak to one person and here's what i mean by that rather than getting freaked out by the thought of lots of people watching you just picture one person that you trust and feel really comfortable and at ease around a friend your spouse a parent heck your pet whomever it may be and talk as if you're speaking directly to that person or animal if it helps you can even put up an actual picture of them right by the camera the great thing about approaching it this way is that talking to only one person not only makes you feel more at ease but it'll actually help you build a more personal connection with your viewers because your interaction will feel more intimate now tip number six is to decide what to do with your hands i know from my time in tv news that there were days when my weather clicker wasn't working so i would have nothing in my hands of the green screen and it is the most awkward feeling when you don't know where to put your hands so if you have no idea what to do with them you can simply fold them in your lap or at your waist and if you want an even more casual feel you can just stick one or both your hands in your pockets the nature and tone of your video will dictate whether that's appropriate though so keep that in mind but also keep in mind too your hands make really good props you can and should use them to help you emphasize certain points like if i really want to drive home how critical your on-camera presence is i'd use my hands right and if you normally tend to talk with your hands like i do you should do it in your videos as well are there any other hand talkers out there let me know in the comments if you can relate now the other great way to incorporate your hands into your videos is to guide your audience so if you are comparing this versus that or if you are pointing out a graphic that's supposed to show up in the final version of your video those kinds of things your hands essentially become your presentation pointers okay tip number seven is another cliche but it is amazing how nerves can make us forget make sure you breathe and pace yourself try not to spit out an entire video having only taken two breaths through the whole thing okay if i talk really fast and i don't take a single second or even a small sip of air you're gonna think that i sound really bizarre and strange and probably have a hard time understanding me alone paying attention to what it is i have to say right so breathe and that leads well into tip number eight which is to set your speaking pace to a level that people can follow and understand you don't want to talk too fast or too slow you don't want to go for the micro machine guy nor ben stein and ferris bueller in both cases you run the risk of losing people's attention so find that happy goldilocks style medium where your rhythm feels and sounds natural now along the same lines number nine is to use proper inflection inflection is that emphasis that you put on certain words as you speak make sure that you're emphasizing the words that need it and also avoiding it where it might send the wrong message what i mean by that if i add an upward inflection to the end of a statement it could sound like a question or it could sound immature or unconfident like i'm lacking authority or even questioning myself do you see what i mean by that so rather than inflecting up finish your statements purposefully and grounded with a downward inflection that will give your voice that authoritative tone moving on to tip number ten and this is specifically if you're using a script remember to write like you talk writing in your own voice working your natural inflection your own unique way of talking even your idiosyncrasies into your scripts will only help you to deliver them in the most natural authentic manner and taking that one really important step further use your voice not the voice that you think makes you sound authoritative okay you don't want to sound affected so you don't need to drop your voice an octave you don't need to put on your news voice or your expert voice use your voice now tip number 11 is all about your preparation go into your recording knowing what you want to say and have either a script or an outline or notes ready okay just having a basic format or talking points written out and sitting nearby at the ready where you can see them will save you having to store it all in your head and that will translate to you looking far more comfortable and relaxed because you just won't have to think as hard now next up number 12 is to apply everything that we just covered in practice practice on camera practice as often as you can you could set aside even just 30 minutes a week to sit in front of a camera and run through scripts but you have to just start going through the motions and appearing on camera so practice practice practice the more you're on camera the more comfortable you'll look and feel and finally tip number 13 is to constructively critique yourself watch yourself back and honestly assess your performance make notes and work on what you need to when you go to practice again you might find that you have certain tics or quirks that you weren't aware of or that your expression just looks odd you might realize that your pace is way too fast or slow you might notice things when you play yourself back that you had no idea was going on when you record it and that's actually happened to me a lot of times just one example i realized when i watched myself back long ago that i always did this weird nod with my head when i would wrap up a video and it just really looked very strange so i consciously made sure that i didn't do it when i'd go to record again that's just one example you might find that you tend to fall back on certain phrases or words to the point of overkill and to this day i still fall back on certain words and phrases especially when i ad-lib and go without a script so to fix that i almost always use a script but if i am off script i pay attention to and am super conscious of my own hooks those words that i use to transition to my next thought as i'm still speaking so i personally say things like obviously and of course when i'm mentally already ahead in the outline of what i want to say but my words haven't caught up yet so knowing those are phrases that i tend to fall back on makes it a lot easier for me to avoid them if i record a video without a script so be constructive as you critique yourself and then actively try to work on any issues the next time you practice on camera okay now you have 13 physical actions that you can work on to present yourself in the most relaxed and comfortable way in my next video we're going to get inside your head and i'm going to share the mental action that you can implement to look your most natural on camera now having that polished on camera presence is just one part of creating quality videos right and if you are just getting your feet wet in video creation but you're not really sure where to start i would like to invite you to check out my signature online course it's called the video production project it's an all-inclusive master class that's going to give you a 360 degree walkthrough of how to create quality videos for your brand your business or your burgeoning creative outlet without the overwhelm plus tools to equip you for success and i also have some serious incentives for you when you sign up like your own video equipment kit to ongoing instruction and support as you start creating your own videos so you can see everything that is included check out the pricing options and enroll right on my website videoproductionproject.com i've also linked that below in the description if you are interested in checking it out friends if you like this video please let me know hit that like button subscribe and share it with someone who might also find it useful and let me know in the comments which of these tips you found to be the most helpful in the meantime stay in touch with me i'm on all the social platforms i'm at katy fellinger official on facebook and at katy failinger everywhere else and i would love to hear from you but for now thank you so much for watching and i will see you next week and if you normally tend to talk oh gosh my hammies [Music] physically close our clothes ourselves rather than get where your rhythm feels i would like you our nervous when we're really what it is i have to take a little let's do that again

  Top Comments:
  1. @KatieFehlingerVideo [4 likes]: Which of these tips did you find most helpful?
  2. @bodydesignbyrachel [3 likes]: 1. Try to relax
2. Smile
3. Blink
4. Posture 
5. Speak to one person
6. Decide what to do with your hands
7. Breathe
8. Speak at an understandable pace
9. Use proper inflexion
10. Write like you talk
11. Use preparation
12. Apply everything in practice
13. Constructively criticize yourself after practice recording 

Bonus tip: Use your voice

Watch the entire video for a better explanation and understanding.
  3. @dameanvil [2 likes]: 01:27 😌 Tip 1: Relax before recording to appear more comfortable and natural.
02:06 😊 Tip 2: Smiling can make you look at ease and relaxed on camera.
02:29 😉 Tip 3: Remember to blink naturally to avoid looking weird or creepy.
02:47 🕺 Tip 4: Maintain good posture to exude confidence and authority.
04:01 👥 Tip 5: Speak to one person to create a more intimate connection with your audience.
04:43 🤔 Tip 6: Decide what to do with your hands, whether it's folding them or using them as props.
06:10 🌬 Tip 7: Remember to breathe and pace yourself while speaking to avoid sounding strange.
06:37 🗣 Tip 8: Set your speaking pace to a level that people can follow and understand.
06:59 🎙 Tip 9: Use proper inflection to emphasize words effectively and avoid sending the wrong message.
07:42 📝 Tip 10: Write your script in your own voice to deliver it authentically.
08:21 📋 Tip 11: Be prepared with a script or outline to avoid stumbling or looking uncomfortable.
08:48 🎬 Tip 12: Practice on camera regularly to improve your comfort and confidence.
09:12 📼 Tip 13: Critique yourself constructively by watching your recordings and making notes for improvement.
  4. @cityentree415 [2 likes]: Very helpful tips
  5. @coreintegrityyogaandfitness: this is so helpful thank you 💜
  6. @plants-j5e: Great video
  7. @ismaelLozada-l3o: Hello I came across your content. thank you for sharing you need to start posting again. This encouraged me to get in front of the camera. There is a market for your teaching. my mentor maria wendt Is great for this check her out. She might change your life. Thank again for sharing.
  8. @amateurnatural1573: Thank you , thank you, Katie. This video was a godsend for me. 😊
  9. @TheTidyHobo: Great insights Katie.  Thank you!
  10. @WilliamAbbate: Great tips Katie!
  11. @_Gracefullyyours: Thank you so much I’m trying to upload a video but when it comes to record myself I get nervous and I want to be more confident. So thank you for sharing this with us I will practice more. ❤❤❤❤
  12. @JoshWagnerCoach: What a superb presentation! Thank you!
  13. @SarahHolmes-e3p: Awesome thank you. very helpful xx
  14. @livinglegacyproductions: Great tips!
  15. @Autophile-CV: There were some tips that I thought were very helpful. However, I did notice a couple of words, in this video,  that you, and many others, don't pronounce correctly. You frequently say "wanna" in place of "want to". and "ta" instead of "to". And "uh" rather than "A". And "uh-scentially" in place of "essentially". These are more common mistakes than you would think. But they happen so often that they have become accepted. Like "uh-lectric & uh-leven. Just my observation. Thanks for the Great Video!!!
  16. @bodydesignbyrachel: Ha!! Try to relax yeah that's the vibe the whole time 😂 for me
  17. @mayerlinmejia3244: I use a lot my hands, lol!
  18. @georgesantillan4639: Write your own script.
  19. @guidedmoments8552: Great video. I am hooked on your videos to build my confidence to create videos. Would love to see a video on how you created this video with the tips showing in front of your face. I am assuming PowerPoint, but how to put it together to look like your video would be priceless. Thank you
  20. @manololopezh: WOW you are mi gurú !!!! thanks!!

- CAMERA SHY? 10 tips to help you become more comfortable: Kind: captions Language: en So, I just posted a video a few days ago on my channel about why I think everybody in 2025 should have a freaking YouTube channel, and I got this comment. Tyer Terry Warford is a real one. Would you make a video about how you passed your camera shyness? I feel like no one talks about it, and it's a huge part of why people never start. This comment came from Mighty Miji. I hope I said that right. And I think that's a great topic for a video because I get asked this question so much. Terry, how did you get so comfortable on camera? How did you get past the camera shyness? So, in this video, I got 10 tips on how to help you get better on camera, and I hope that they're helpful. This is legit like my 12th time trying to film this part of the video. I don't know why this is so difficult today. Neither here nor there. Here we are. This video is sponsored by Motion Array. Okay, so I'm using a L from their new L section on motion.com to color grade this video. So, I'll tell you all about that later on in this video. My first tip for you is actually a question for you. And that question is, why do you care so much about the people's opinion about you? Did I say that right? That you don't care about that don't care about you. Why do you care so much about their opinion? I have a very simple philosophy that I've adopted when it comes to people's opinions about tight shirt Terry Warfield. If you ain't paying my bills, you're not feeding my family or taking care of them. You're not helping me get any closer to my goals. Listen, if I don't care about you and you don't care about me, I could give a crap less about your opinion. That means if 40 cars roll up the street and they all want to point and laugh at tight shirt Terry Warfield for filming himself with that tight shirt on, I don't care because they don't meet any of those criteria. Once you free yourself of this fear of people's opinions of you, it will not only transform your daily life outside of trying to film yourself, but it will also transform how easy it is for you to talk to the camera. Because although there are people on the other side of the camera, you don't fear their opinion of you anymore. And if you don't do this, then it's going to be very difficult for you to film yourself because it is fear of people's opinion. So my first tip, I know I was probably all over the place. I'm getting sick of trying to record this part, is stop caring so much about people's opinion of you and life will get so much easier. Now we can freaking move on. Finally, my next tip is stop trying to be so perfect on camera, y'all. You don't have to be. Terry, you sound like a hypocrite because when you was at the other location, you said you filmed it 12 times before you got it right. And yes, that's only because I'm trying to do like seamless takes where I don't have to do jump cuts and stuff like that. And that's the only reason why. I'm not saying that you have to do that. Y'all have to remember that social media and YouTube is not broadcast television. It's not cable. Nobody expects you to be perfect. In fact, people really want that authentic persontoperson feel when they're watching your videos. So stop thinking that you need to be perfect. You don't have to be. Be you on camera. This is your biggest asset, your greatest asset. So whatever type of person you are, whether you're a loudmouth like type certfield or whether you're quiet or whatever the case may be, just be you and eliminate this thing that you need to be perfect because you absolutely don't need to be perfect. Now, if you're anything like me, believe it or not, I'm pretty introverted, right? So when the gurus always say, "Yo, when you talk to the camera, act like you are talking to the people on the other side of the camera." That gives me freaking goosebumps. I cannot do that. So if you struggle with the anxiety of speaking in front of a large crowd of people or multiple people at the same time, then don't act like you are talking to the crowd of people watching your video. Talk to the camera. For me, acting like I'm talking to the camera and not to a group of people helps me overcome the social stress of speaking in front of people. Like when I have to speak in front of people, my armpits start itching. I start sweating. Like all of those things. But when I talk to the camera, an inanimate person, I'm sorry, not person, an inanimate object that doesn't have a person or a brain or anything behind it, I just feel way more comfortable. The next thing that you can try is to bullet point or script out your videos. Now, scripting doesn't work for everybody. It doesn't work for me. However, coming up with a list of bullet points of the things that I know for sure that I want to talk about in the video, for example, this video, I made bullet points of things that I wanted to make sure that I hit. The other thing that I do that really helps me get way more comfortable on camera is before I go on camera, I kind of practice the things that I want to say. So, I'll sit there by myself sometimes in my room or in front of people, whatever, and I'll literally just say the things that I want to say on camera. And the first one, two, three times, you know, I might mess up, but the more you do it, the more comfortable you get with saying the same thing over and over. And that way, when you finally get on camera, it just comes off naturally. And this happens most of the time. For some reason, this morning when I was filming that first clip, didn't work out that way. But, as a as a whole, it typically works for me. So those three things really help me overcome the social anxiety part of speaking to the camera and also being able to have like a cohesive collective thought of things I want to say. It really helps me out. Now before I give you these next five tips, I need to go back and tell you about today's sponsor motion array.com and their new section called LUTs. Now if you don't know what LUTs are, they're just like a easy way for you to give your videos a real saucy color grade. I actually been using them for all of my videos. This video I'm using a L from the Film Pro Luts package. And that's one of my favorite things about this LUT section. Usually you have to go to this website and download a L and this website and pay for a L. Well, all of these LUTs come in packages. So you get several in one package and there's an easy way that you can filter through them to find the mood that you're looking for. So go on their website, test it out. They got a bunch of other stuff on there like the voice over, sound effects, music, all of that stuff. and use the link in the description and I can actually save you some money when you sign up. Okay, so thank you to Motion Array for sponsoring today's video. I got five other tips to give you. Let's get it. All right, the next two things are more fundamental than anything, but they need to be talked about, right? Number one, everybody has that I like to call it a crutch word, right? So, it's that word that you say when you don't know what to say. And a common one is um or so. Trust me, when you have to edit out 50 ums in a video, you will stop saying it. When you have to edit out 50 souls in a video, you will stop saying it. But I want you to try not to use these words. And I want you to try to like form and speak what it is that you're trying to say. And this all ties back into when I told you to practice the things that you want to say before you turn the camera on. It helps eliminate that. The next really, really fundamental thing a lot of people do, especially with like modern mirrorless cameras, Osmo Pockets, etc. that have the flip out screens is a lot of times we focus on the screen instead of the lens itself and that breaks the immersion of the whole video. Again, when you are talking on YouTube and Tik Tok or whatever, you are talking to I know I told you to talk to the camera, but the reality is you are speaking to people behind it. And nothing is more distracting when somebody is looking at the flippy screen that's off to the side of the camera instead of the camera itself. So, make sure that you practice those two things because they will make your online presence so much better. All right, y'all. I need you to get on camera being your whole self. Okay? However you are on your day-to-day basis with your homies, with your friends, with your family, that's how you need to be on camera. I know I just got done telling you how, you know, if you suffer from maybe social anxiety or speaking in front of a bunch of people that you should talk to the camera, which I still stand on that, but you do also have to realize that, you know, when you upload videos online, people are going to watch. And if you go online being somebody that you're not, people will be able to see straight through it. They won't even gravitate towards it. So, however you are in your normal day-to-day life, that's who should you should be on camera. In fact, maybe crank it up a little bit more. That really will help with your self-confidence. Okay, the next thing. I know you kind of see me out here going from location to location. It's freaking beautiful outside today. I don't want to sit in the studio. And um that's something that might help you out also, just going out into the weather, into the elements to, you know, be a part of freaking the world and the environment and nature. But I also understand the social anxiety that could come with that. You know, when you go film in public, you got that pressure of people looking at you. And I know I told you to not care about opinions, but I also recognize that is a learned skill and that takes a long time to develop. So, if you do want to go film yourself outside or if you just want to be outside, go to places like I'm behind a closed restaurant right now where people typically don't come back here. I mean, of course, you'll see a couple straggler cars or whatever, but I'm very comfortable back here because there's nobody looking at me. There's nobody back here. there's no pressure or anything like that. So, if you want to go out, obviously go to a safe location, but go to a place where you're comfortable to film yourself, where you don't have all that social pressure. Just, you know, freaking rock out with it. You know, I think it's really easy to fall into the trap of watching your favorite creator, like for example, your favorite creators, Tight Shirt Terry, right? and feel like, oh, Terry can go out there and speak so confidently on camera and not care about people's opinions and go from location to location and all this other stuff and feel like for you to be successful and for you to be good on camera that you need to do the same thing that I'm doing. And that's just the furthest thing from the truth. While I don't think there's anything wrong with taking inspiration from your favorite creator, y'all got to realize two things. Number one, this took me eight years to get right, and I still don't have it right. I still think I'm trash on camera, but I do know that I've put tons and tons of effort into these videos. I've made hundreds of videos, y'all. Hundreds of videos. I was not always confident on camera. Sometimes I'm still not. Sometimes I still second guess myself. But I got to this point by continuing to make videos. And to continue to make videos, that means you have to start making videos. And at the beginning, you're not going to be good at it. You are going to mess up. You're not going to be confident on camera. You are going to care about people's opinions. These things takes time to work at and to get better at. So, you are going to have to do the same thing. You're going to have to put the work in. Also, though, on that same breath, it's easy to think that you need to be like your favorite creator, like you need to be like Terry. And I need y'all to remember that it's only one person with the voice you have, and that is you. It's only one person with your face, with your likeness, with your image, with your unique you, you know, uniqueness. You know what freaking word I'm trying to say? It's only you with that. So, be careful when you watching all these creators online of mixing those two. Keep your identity, keep your authenticity. That is what makes you unique. That is your selling point, not being like somebody else. So, anyways, those are my tips for today. Make sure you go check out Motion Array. Obviously, you are some type of creative. They have everything you need on there. music, sound effects. Check out those new Luts. Use the link in the description. Also, y'all, we are almost at 100,000 subscribers. If you like this video, hit that subscribe button and turn on that notification bell. Uh, I'm sorry, turn on the notification icon and hit the bell so that you get notified when new videos go up. I got two videos at the end of this video I want you to watch. One is how YouTube is a real job, and secondly, why I think everybody, and I mean everybody in 2025, should have a YouTube channel. So, make sure you check those out after this video. Till next time, I'm out of here. Terry Warfield. Peace and chicken grease. I'm out y'all. Much love. Peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @markwiemels [4 likes]: This creator support/inspiration space is really your jam. Doing it so well.
  2. @ikenstein05 [3 likes]: Man I appreciate this video. I have no problem making eye contact when talking to a human, but as soon as I stare at that black lens I start sweating bullets 😂. Thank you for the tips!
  3. @LifeAsTim [1 likes]: This was such a great video with some amazing tips. Thank you for posting it.
  4. @ToddDeSilva [1 likes]: Great info! “So”, “um” and “you know” the worst for me. 

I still struggle a bit with the confidence thing, I’m a 40 year old dude doing YouTube still makes me feel silly 😂. Definitely increasing the I don’t give an F attitude…slowly
  5. @escapingdeceptionn: Tip number 1 was a real one
  6. @allenoka: Tight Shirt Terry, your genuine approach is so helpful!
  7. @marioraven88: I just want to say thank you. I’ve watched several of your videos and I’m just subscribed. What led me to your channel is the DJI cameras which I’m a big fan and I have the drones also. I also ride a motorcycle and I love your character and your spirituality and your integrity. I’m going to be brave now thanks to you. I’ll continue watching and learning from your channel and once I get started hopefully, I can get some  personal coaching. Thank you, brother.
  8. @MelaninGunflower: My fear isn't being on camera, I literally just stay in the house and do nothing. I just think I wouldn't get support cause my life is boring
  9. @DerSchwanzinderBrandung: Thanhs Brother your words are FACTS! 👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽
  10. @NitroDLuffy: Terry brotha man ! I appreciate advice . Sometimes it’s pretty tough for me to do . And it’s difficult to stop repeating the same words . I do appreciate your video brotha !!!💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥
  11. @TherealFelo: The Framing in this video is fire 🔥 wow
  12. @cammackey: Gah damn David Goggins lookin cinematic
  13. @DirectedXDW: I filmed a talking head video to send to a job recruiter last week for the first time. my biggest takeways from doing it

* If you've ever spoke in front of a group of people before, idk if it's a couple of sentences of a book at school. you can talk to a camera.

Looking and sounding stupid is all in your mind.

When I messed up, took a deep breath and coached myself through it. 
said affirming things like "this is easy, you got it"

Last take away its all about the reps. you have to get quality reps in order to get good at anything.
  14. @McQuayPhoto78: Definitely checked this out.  Pretty much have everything set up already.  Just nailing down the lighting aspect at this point and coming up with topics, so that I'm not rambling in the video.  Cheers.  Thanks for the support, Terry.
  15. @Charliemorrislifestyle: Great video Terry thank you for the motivation and I will take your advice brother and I am a new subscriber ✌🏾
  16. @jassisaur: Thanks for the tips! I am still camera-shy, but I try my best to be confident. I feel silly every time I try to Vlog, and now I want to give it another try.
  17. @brianwoods551: Thanks for the tips, I’ve started creating content and find myself doing anything and everything to avoid speaking due to the internal embarrassment and can’t shake the sound of myself on camera…. Sound totally different to what I hear in my head iykwim 😂
  18. @DreamTeamBudah: Just subscribed bro dope content
  19. @QReviews412: Dope!!
  20. @justabreeze460: I don’t have a problem talking in front of the camera, I actually act lol, But for some reason I don’t like attention when it comes to something I like. I know there will be unwanted opinions which annoys me. Definitely a confidence issue. Hoping to get back to being myself on social/YouTube.

- Beginner YouTube Studio Setup (Looks PRO!): Kind: captions Language: en - If you're new to YouTube, or even just making videos in general, having a setup that looks like you've been doing it for a while is totally possible and could be done for under $1,000. And that's why I'll be breaking down this very setup. And if you decide to take this setup out with you to vlog with, or if you want to level up your livestreams or video conference calls, this setup has everything you'll need to be able to do that. So let's get into it. - [Announcer] You gotta just press record. - Hey, what's up? It's Omar El-Takrori with Think Media. Now, we'll be sure to post links down to everything that we mentioned down in the description below. And if you have any questions as we break down this setup, be sure to let me know down in the comments below. We'll do our best to answer those questions. But let's start off with audio and lighting. Audio accounts for 50% of the video viewing experience and lighting will make any camera you use, even a smartphone, look better than what it actually is. So let's talk about some audio options. The first option's gonna run you about $130 and it has a Deity D4 Mini as a mic that has a boom arm that's clamped onto my desk. And then I have an aux cable that runs directly into the camera. And I love the way this sounds and I love how I have free hands. Now the second option's gonna cost you about $140, but it's actually gonna give you a wireless solution, which a lot of people may want because of its convenience of not having any wires and things going on. Regardless of what option you go with when it comes to audio, you're gonna be left with about $860 for the rest of this setup. But the next thing I want to level up is our light. The light that I wanna recommend is one by the sponsor of this video, which is GVM, and I've been using their lights for well over two years and they provide some of the best products at the best prices. They actually let us create this light kit that I thought would be perfect for beginners. That comes with everything you need for under $200. And you're gonna get the light itself, the stand, and a soft box which produces a large soft light on your face even though the light itself has a very small footprint. Some cool features about the SD80S is that it can be battery powered, which could be super convenient if maybe you film in the kitchen or maybe you wanna film outside, but not having to plug in this light. This light is bi-colored with a range of 2,700 up to 7,500, but I like keeping it at 5,600 if you're gonna use it to light your face. You can also control this light wirelessly with the GVM app on your phone, which makes it super fun to use 'cause you could turn it off and on or change any settings that you'd like to. This light also has a universal Bowens mount so you can change the soft box if you want to maybe put a lantern or something else, even if it's third party. But the price of this light kit is just $199. And honestly, it's probably the only light you'll ever need to buy to let your face if you're doing talking head videos like this or even livestreams. And what's awesome is if you actually use the special link down in the description to purchase this light, you'll get 10% off, and use THINKMEDIA to get 10% off this light kit. But thank you GVM for sponsoring this video. So now that we have gotten our audio and our lighting all dialed and ready to go, we have about $680 left to spend on a camera and potentially a tripod and everything else you'll need with a camera 'cause the camera itself won't be enough. However, there are two cameras that I really wanted to kind of let you know about. The first one is the Sony ZV-1F. This is is a $500 camera at retail, which is a great price point for a 4K camera that will get the job done. However, the downside is this camera has a fixed focal length and so you can't really do much with what it has. If you're willing to spend a little bit more money, I would actually get the Sony ZV-1 which is what I'm using right now. And a lot of times this camera actually can retail for $648 if you catch it at a good time. But also you can buy this camera used a lot of the times for around $500 and something, which gives you the extra money to be able to actually buy the other accessories that you need. Tripod and the SD card, and the other things that I think you should buy with this camera. I'll be sure to post links down too in the description below because you can also use this camera to livestream with. I'm actually blown away at the results this setup produces with a good audio and light and this camera, and I think it's a super great setup for beginners. But that is the $1,000 YouTube Studio setup for beginners. And I think a lot of people can crush with this content and always remember that the content value is more important than the production value. So make sure your content is good. Click or tap the screen and check out another video from us here at Think Media. Can't wait to see you in a future video, peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [18 likes]: What do you think about this Studio setup? Does it hit everything you need? Let me know!
Get 10% off your GVM Light Kit Here ➡ https://geni.us/8rwljbQ
  2. @vincelopez8844 [2 likes]: It’s around 2k now
  3. @TroplandUniverse [1 likes]: Why ZV1 over new iPhone? Curious
  4. @365expressions5: Hey the GVM light kit link is broken
  5. @CliffordTheCowboyCloser: Is this still relevant? Would you still recommend these going into 2026?
  6. @DreamTeamPodcastSport: Do you recommand any up to date set up. Looking for building my own studio with low budget
  7. @joeys_vantage: Awesome video, what software do you use to edit and most efficient!? 
Thanks, joey
  8. @CerinaMohammed-e5l: Cerina 
Mohammed
  9. @CerinaMohammed-e5l: Cerina
  10. @ŠílenýMarty: is the GVM Light Kit silent suitable for asmr videos ?
  11. @CasioBioassay: Looks like the generic YouTube lighting method. But dam that orange light is annoying. Imagine thinking that looked good.
  12. @JeremyKleinTech: Is the audio in the video from the Deity V-Mic D4 Mini?
  13. @MAVY-Enterprise: Small YouTubers gather here
  14. @tenzintserang: What are you using to film on in this vid?
  15. @mmsk2010: Audio is 80 percent of video not 50 percent.  Any pro will tell you that.
  16. @DavidKatz: Good tips !
  17. @jvonthego123: Hi and thanks for the great video!   

As a traveling entrepreneur and musician, I have already created my ultimate portable audio recording studio, but now I will start filming too and I wonder what would be the ultimate portable light setup. I've already maxed out my luggage with audio equipment, instruments and two pair of jeans, so I think the only thing I could fit into my luggage is a small LED key light and a pocket RGB LED back light.  

Is a small LED key light and a pocket RGB LED back light enough to make my videos look semi-professional?  

If so, what is the smallest, most portable and quiet LED key light and pocket RGB LED back light you would recommend in order to get the best possible result within these restrictions?  
Any answers would be very much appreciated.  

Thanks for creating awesome and helpful content!
  18. @leonbraun3778: This is a great video, thank you ☺ hoping to get into the video making process here soon, just doing all my research, prep, and setup now ☺
  19. @francescovescio3316: What is that long slender light in the background called? Any links?
  20. @superresistant0: huge BS to sell merch

- My Entire YouTube Studio on One Desk!: Kind: captions Language: en this is my entire YouTube studio all on one desk from here I can record talking head videos shoot tabletop b-roll for product reviews and even capture thumbnails all without ever changing the setup so in this video I'll walk you through the gear I chose how to put it together and demonstrate its various uses for Content creation now I've been making videos in this space for about 6 years now and one of the biggest challenges I faced is constantly setting up and tearing down equipment for different shots and after years of experimenting with different setups I finally decided to build this all-in-one solution that allows me to make videos in less time with less friction and I thought I would share this all with you so to kick things off let's go over the gear I chose for this build at the heart of the setup is the desk and I use the motorized sit stand desk from flexi spot which is perfect for standing up or sitting down when you're recording your video this is the 48x 24 in version which provides plenty of room for filming top down b-roll while still allowing you to move around there's also a 40-in version that you could use if you want to save space and will work just as well I decided to pick up these wheels also made by flexi spot and that allows me to move the desk around my bedroom for different setups or I can roll it back against the wall to keep things tidy there are several different surface options you can choose from I chose the White surface because it not only gives a clean look for my Boll but it also reflects the light well acting as a natural fill light for my videos from here we're going to be attaching a bunch unch of different gear and one thing I wanted to do is have a power solution to power all my different equipment so I decided to pick up this power strip and screw it onto the bottom of the desk and now I have a bunch of different outlets for powering my camera equipment I also purchased these cable trays to keep everything organized in a setup like this it's definitely good to have cable management to keep your workspace clean this desk comes with this handy headphone holders which can be used to keep extra cords organized or in my case I can use it to hold my video light control box for the video light I'm using my old aperture 120d it's plenty bright for this setup and I love that I can control it with this remote unfortunately the 120d is not available new but you could use something like the amaran 60ds which will work quite well my go-to for soft lighting is this 36in softbox but this setup was much too deep and would stick out onto the desk after some shopping I found the softbox made by godox which is about half the depth of a traditional softbox but provides the same level of softness thanks to its width and its layers of diffusion attaching the light to the desk can be tricky if you use a basic light stand it will stick far into the desk but luckily I found this really cool desk magic arm made by raw it allows you to position the light away from the desk to get into the perfect position it's kind of pricey at $70 but it's worth it in my opinion so that way I could get my light exactly where I want it next let's talk about the camera rig which is made by teron who are actually sponsoring today's video I was in the middle of building this setup when they reached out with their camera desk Rigs and I'm glad they did because I think this is the perfect option I've used other rigs in the past but unfortunately they would be a bit wobbly these however are Rock Solid thanks to its sturdy base and it allows plenty of flexibility for mounting your camera it comes with everything you need including a desk Mount extension column arm ball head and even this iPad Mount they could use to attach a tablet or your phone to this rig in order to mount this rig to your desk simply slide it on then turn the two tightening knobs until it's secure from here we can add our camera arm and lock it in place then we can attach the camera to the included ball head and secure it now the camera I've been using recently is the Sony zve E10 Mark II it's great for this build because it's lightweight and has excellent image quality and autofocus for filming YouTube videos the lens I have paired with it is the sigma 16 f1.4 which gives you a very wide field of view and at f1.4 it lets in a ton of light and has a shallow depta field to separate you from the background in order to power the camera I picked up this dummy power adapter for around $25 this is crucial because it allows me to shoot continuously without worrying about battery life which is especially useful for long filming sessions moving on to the second camera angle I wanted an overhead setup that I could use for filming unboxings and b-roll for my videos you could use a stand and boom your camera above to get that overhead look however for this build I really wanted everything on one desk so I decided to use this heavyduty articulating camera arm also made by teron which has these flexible gear joints for allowing you to adjust the camera into the perfect position it can support about 6.6 lb in this horizontal configuration which is plenty for our use and I love that these neural joints help lock the camera so it doesn't sag and it doesn't shake too much now instead of using the included desk Mount you can conveniently attach it to the top of our previous rig to save on space this adds height to the overall setup and allows the arm to move out so we have more range for positioning the camera for the overhead camera I'm using the Sony Z10 mark1 and while it's not as nice as the Mark I it offers good enough image quality for overhead b-roll especially when it's properly exposed and the lens I'm using with it is the sigma 1850 f2.8 which is a tiny lightweight lens that gives me the flexibility to change up the framing I love this lens because it is super sharp and allows for crazy minimum Focus distance so you can get really close up on products again I have a dummy battery powering the camera and I have an HDMI cable coming from the camera to this external monitor so I can make sure my image is framed up properly and I can see what I'm filming without having to look up at the camera the monitor that I'm using is the OC G7 which is a 7-in camera Monitor and that is attached to to the center column of this desk rig with a friction arm now this monitor may be a little overkill for the setup but I already had it in my kit you could go with something like a 5-in camera monitor but I do find that the larger display is nice since you are a few feet away for audio you could use something like a wireless mic so that way you can roam around freely but I actually prefer to have everything ready to go so I decided to mount a boom microphone to this rig the microphone I decided to use is the Road video mic goto which at $100 it sounds pretty decent it's also extremely lightweight which is perfect for a setup like this in order to mount this to the rig I simply used a friction arm and this cold shoe adapter and then clamp that onto the overhead rig then you can connect this to your camera through the microphone Jack now you could just Mount this to the overhead rig which is actually kind of nice or you could run a 3.5 mm extension cable all the way into the main camera angle as long as you're recording with both it shouldn't matter which camera you're connected to and with that the rig is complete this is what it looks and what it sounds like and again this setup is on Wheels so I can move this around my space change it up get different backgrounds all without ever having to change anything directly on this setup now there are a few different configurations you can use this for so let's quickly go through a few different options number one is talking head video so just as I'm doing right now I can talk to the camera I got my nice soft lighting right here my microphone is perfectly in place so all I got to do is Step Up press record and I am good to go of course this is a sit stand desk so I could do this standing like I'm doing now or I could sit down if I want a more relaxed Vibe the second setup is an overhead setup so a lot of times I'm doing product reviews or unboxings and I just want an overhead setup that's very clean very minimal so right here we have just a nice white look I have my little color Checker right there but let's say I wanted to review a lens or so can move this out of the way and just have that perfectly it's autofocusing so I don't have to worry about that I can just work from here grab the different shots I need I could even throw in different props here in the corner and here we go it adds just a little bit more interest while still having a clean look one thing that I enjoy using are these vinyl desk mats so you can get these in different sizes but this just adds a whole new vibe to your video If you're looking for an extra pop of color again if I just had that same setup as before this just adds a whole new look to the video and these desk matks are pretty inexpensive in a great way to change up the look of your video and because I'm using a zoom lens I can actually change up the framing so if I want to zoom in I can get an even tighter look like this or I can go a bit wider if I have a larger product and I can just frame it up just how I see fit I just love that flexibility so I have to worry about raising or lowering the camera and again the Sigma lens has super close minimum Focus distance so like right there this is crazy it's just a few inches from the camera but in Focus so that just adds to the versatility of what you can do with this setup number three is multicamera because we have our aoll camera and our overhead camera we can actually hit record on both and let's say I'm filming a video and I want to show show you a product well I can do so without ever having to later film in the b-roll clip and insert it in I can just present it live which is super cool and helps speed up your workflow this matte in particular has color on both sides so I could have orange or this lighter pale green on the other side which just kind of adds a little bit of different options depending on what you're filming what color scheme you're going for number four is you can add a laptop to the setup for even more versatility so go ahead and grab your laptop grab an HDMI capture card that way we can connect our cable through the HDMI and into our computer once it's all connected your laptop will recognize your computer as a webcam that means you can have your top-notch video your lighting your audio as your main webcam which is fantastic if you are streaming or let's say you're doing a zoom call this setup will work perfectly for that the fifth way we can use the setup is for what I call tabletop film making if you watch watch any of my videos before typically I'm filming on a white surface filming cameras or other Gear with the wall or background just behind it and because we smartly mounted our camera rig and our lights off to the side we have a little over 3 ft where we can actually just film a nice clean look for our product b-roll because we have a nice large surface and it's on Wheels we can imagine this whole setup being a pseudo tripod you can grab a little tabletop tripod Mount your camera wheel this around your studio and if you're filming something that's not on the table you can get some really cool looks of course this desk is motorized so you could even use this as a dolly or some kind so really cool stuff you can do with this if you get creative one of my favorite little tools I've been playing around recently is this tiny cheap slider it's a motorized slider so I could simply move around put my camera on the slider and have some really Dynamic shots and with this you can just imagine how quickly you're able to capture footage that's really high quality fast and simple so for example let's say you're filming something that's big and does not fit on the table you can simply rotate your light around you can adjust the camera height with the desk because it's motorized pop on your camera on a little motorized slider and in just a few adjustments you can capture some really Dynamic movement really fast and simply one thing that takes up more more time than I realize when I'm making videos is grabbing Simple and Clean thumbnails and I so excited to have this kind of implemented in this rig so that way I could speed up that part of the YouTube content creation process so because we have our camera we already have the good lighting all we got to do is just find a nice clean back wall turn on the light turn on the camera and snap a few photos with some different poses holding up a product and with that I can remove the wall and post replace it with something really cool and in just a matter of a few minutes you can grab several different options all with this setup which is super nice to have and once we're done for the day we can simply roll this whole setup into a corner when it's not in use to keep things nice and clean in your space all right so I calculated the total cost of this setup and it comes out to around $900 minus the cameras in lenses which honestly sounds like a lot at first but once you break it down that's only $3 to $350 for the table the wheels the organizer the rigs the power cables if you wanted to achieve the same setup traditionally you'd have to buy tripods lightstands and a bunch of other rigging things so you're still spending around $200 to $300 and that's not even the most high quality gear and don't forget you still need to buy the items like the lights the microphone the camera monitor once we break it down like that it's only about about $1 to $200 more to get this result and it's a low footprint and it saves you just so much time overall I am very pleased with this desk setup it has significantly changed my workflow allows me to shoot faster without compromising on the kinds of shots I'm wanting to achieve let me know in the comments down below if you plan on making one and if you're looking to improve your film making this year then be sure to check out this video right here thank you so much for watching and I'll catch you in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @quicksite [186 likes]: Phenomenally great job. I was mentally calculating as I watched just ow much effort went into this video. 
1) You had to have already spent a considerable amount of time figuring out and testing the componentry of the whole setup, 
2) You had to have spent a lot of time setting up your own v1, v2, v3 assemblages of the components and testing the overall usability of the very parts that you spec'd while researching the rig -- in essence doing your proof of concept assurances that your original picks in fact performed as you were originally imagining. 
3) You obviously went through rounds of tweaks in how all the components were mounted, testing camera shots, lighting configurations, sound quality, and your whole workflow to produce and post-produce sample content. 
4) Only after doing all the above, you then needed to write the script for this video. It is all so perfectly presented, so fluid in its wording and presentation that you clearly put a lot of time into writing it, both in outlining the components of the video, and the sequencing of how you might communicate and present all of the pieces you wanted to illustrate. 
5) You went through multiple edits of the script, timing out how much run time would be required, figuring out better/best juxtapositions of the content to present
6) You broke down the script into shot lists and spatially configuring in your mind all the angles and how to compose them in relation to the room and your existing furnishings.
7) You obviously did many test shots to practice and execute the various visuals you'd already spec'd, to optimize the look and feel of how you were illustrating the elements, and testing sound quality.
8)  You probably did some test edits of combining shots to see how they were resulting in fluid sequences, and tweaking audio where needed.
9)  Then came shooting.
10)  I cannot hazard a guess at how many hours this required. Theoretically it could have all been shot in one day, but I rather doubt that's all it took.  Because again as part of the trial and error and tweaking on the fly, you probably did retakes and probably a few reshoots changing up/tweaking the actual camera/zoom/angles etc.
11)  Rough editing - probably a few days
12)  EFX/ GFX / changing/swapping in & out different B-roll illustration elements
13)  Sound sweetening
14)  Youtube upload workflow including thumbnail, video title, description, the actual upload
15)  Adding/ pulling in your marketing elements into description ... Watching and evaluating the whole video, perhaps making some final tweaks, possibly using YT's built-in editor, possibly re-uploading a minorly changed version. I actually don't recall if there was any music in bg, i think not, but maybe there was and it was just handled so well that I wasn't even aware of there being any music at all.
16)  Publishing the video

That's a tremendous amount of work and effort, and throughout any of the above articulated elements, lesser-talented people may have created/produced lesser results.  Grateful that there are none of the hallmark cutesy little asides or clever little insertions intended as comic relief. That stuff is always so groan-worthy, and so it's great to see really clean, really pro, really accompished production and presentation without any of those telltale B-level, C and D-level content creator detractions.

I've never seen your channel before. I happened upon this in the right hand related video column, and quite honestly the subject matter was so compelling, and the thumbnail promised something of high quality, well-thought-out and not any click-bait to grab my attention but ultimately waste my time where I then feel like a fool for falling for the usual clickbaity failed-promise, failure to deliver the goods.  I am happy to say that watching your video was fascinating and effortless -- which I know can only mean there was a tremendous amount of effort invested in by you the creator. ....  I was so impressed that I didn't even think about or plan this comment -- i just immediately began typing on the fly my call-outs and appreciation for such a high quality/ high value piece of content where i learned some really unique things.  I just also love love any compact elegant solutions to things, creating efficient systematized ways to simplify and improve a process and workflow.

I have never ever written such a reply to a tech video before.  Never ever before for a Marques video, certainly never before for a Linus video.  The overall quality of tech videos has improved by about 500% over the past 5-6 years, the threshold requirements have all risen, and you with this video rose to the occasion to effectively bring these higher-grade A-list production qualities and elements to a potentially huge array of creators.  There is no doubt in my mind that there will not be hundreds of people who take this perfect template you've created and go out and buy all the recommended components then reproduce the collective results.  VERY VERY FEW people/channels could ever ever achieve this kind of direct impact on people. Cheers and well done. (*This was all written one-pass, no planning, no edits.)
  2. @AverageGoddess222 [1 likes]: I have just spent the last several days doing a ton of research for how to create my set up for the type of videos I want to do. You just answered everything I needed in 14 minutes. 🤯❤️
  3. @Polito1314 [1 likes]: i want to start filming and this video is exactly what i need.
  4. @simpgodloves313: yeah let me go buy everything
  5. @Sabdo1663: Wow I love it
  6. @MainQuestHobbies: Dude, this is a great video.  Solves a lot of the things I've been trying to figure out for my setup.  However, I went to look to see if there were any update videos in the last year or how the setup is working out for you and noticed you haven't made any vids.... Did you switch to a different channel or did the setup not work out as well as you'd hoped?
  7. @Low_Talker: I have 2 layers of diffusion and I'm still getting a hot spot on my overhead cam view for products, i have my light 36 inch wide soft box and it's at the same angle and depth as yours, curious if you had that issue and just edit it out, or just lower the ISO on the overhead?
  8. @ALEXANDRATREJOSVASQUEZ-p5g: Rất hữu ích, thanks!
  9. @KarenScaife-k2v: I would have loved there to be a single page document as a shopping list- your equipment is discussed at random through your video, and the spelling of the brands and models is not clear to me- don't know how to spell it, never heard of it, and I'm Australian, so I have no idea if I can access these materials. I also wanted to see more details up close about the connections and fittings- wtf is plugging into what, where exactly and why. Are you available for hire to just sell it all as a 'kit'?  Like have a zoom appointment with me to understand my needs, take my money- this is my address, post my custom kit to australia, one package, leave it on the stairs please??
  10. @GworxOz3953: Horrible lighting
  11. @tride.design: Brililantly simple
  12. @LisaS-tk1yw: What does b roll mean?
  13. @Low_Talker: Fantastic video.  I came here for ideas for my setup and got cool ideas.  I have issues with space and this is ideal.  I have about 99% of this gear but really wanted more ideas on the ambient or background space behind you.  Things I love are the desk arm vs my current rig, which is an overhead crossbar from Neewer, which is amazing, but it gets in the way of the main camera if I'm filming overhead and talking head.  I'm a photographer transitioning to some video work so I have so many softboxes and lights and big heavy gear. This video helped me get a more micro set up that serves the purpose.
  14. @robbiffa: So cheap…
  15. @mrgregpappas: Amazing. Thanks for the help.
  16. @Sidreallife: Quite detailed and nice. Loved this video. Thanks
  17. @macfanguy: Have tried it, feels good, still trying to figure out what I prefer.
  18. @OSD_MEDIA: Nice
  19. @omvidtech2281: Great setup. The only problem I see is the mounting of the cameras to the table. You must have to extra careful not to knock the table to avoid camera wobble, yes?
  20. @papasmurf-p8e: kid is a DoD consultant lmao

- $100 Cinematic YouTube Studio Setup (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en This is a $10,000 YouTube studio, but I messed up one key fundamental. And this is a $100 studio where we nailed all three of the key fundamentals. Today, you're going to learn exactly how you can build ultra-cinematic talking head setups with just $100 worth of gear, even if you have a super small filming space. You'll learn the three [music] key fundamentals, the major mistakes that ruin most people's setups, and you'll see it all applied to three unique spaces. And make sure to stay until the end of this video because we're hosting a giveaway where some lucky viewers can win some awesome gear to help level up their videos. I'm Connor from content-creator.com. Let's jump right into it. >> [music] >> Now, two quick things that we have to establish from the beginning. Number one, this video assumes that you already have an iPhone or an Android phone that you can use as your camera. But it definitely doesn't have to be the latest model. Legit, any iPhone or Android phone would work. This video was actually shot on the iPhone 15. And number two, this is not a gear shilling video. We're not sponsored by any of the companies that I'll mention in this video. I will have links to all of the gear in the description below, but if you click on those links, buy the gear, exit this video, and then skip the rest of what I'm about to teach you, your YouTube setup might not look that great. This is because gear is just one small piece of the puzzle. The real secret to great-looking videos comes down to composition, lighting, and audio. Plus one secret that I'll reveal at the end of this video. Fail to master these fundamental pillars and it doesn't matter what gear you own, your videos will always look terrible. So, let's solve that now. Starting off with pillar number one, composition. Good composition really comes down to four key ingredients. Your background, your distance from the background, camera stability, and lastly, your framing. So, first off, let's find a background. When picking a background, there are a few things that we definitely want to avoid. First, overly complicated backgrounds with a lot of clutter, lots of overlapping lines. Clean and simple will always look better. Make sure everything in your background has a reason for being there. Second is windows. We don't want a huge distracting light source behind us. Instead, we want it in front of us. If we aim the camera directly at a window, it creates a really strong backlight, makes it really hard to see your face. Ideally, a clean backdrop works best. Fortunately, I have this little corner right here. It's not massive, but I think it'll be the perfect background for the studio setup. Once you select your background, we can add a bit of design to it. If you have a blank wall, an easy thing that you can do is stage some furniture or decorations behind you. Now, I'm going to search around my apartment and find a couple small decor pieces that I want to add to the shelf. I have this old camera that I'm not using, this little plant, a few books that I have never read and probably will never read, and some other small knick-knacks. All right, the next ingredient in composition is our distance from the background. Unfortunately, smartphones are known for having a very deep depth of field, which means they don't blur the background very well. That's usually one of the biggest giveaways that you're shooting on an iPhone versus a professional camera. But, we can absolutely improve this by creating separation between you and the background. If you stand too close to the wall, the shot ends up looking a little flat, starts to feel more like a mugshot than a studio setup. So, whatever space you have in front of your background, move your chair forward as much as you can. Ideally, you want to be about 3 to 6 ft away from the wall. The more separation you can create between you and the background, the more cinematic the shot will feel. Okay, on to the next part of composition, which is stability. For stability, we're going to use a tripod for our smartphone. The one that I'm using for this studio build is the Amazon Basics extendable tripod. At the time of this recording, I picked it up for around $16, and it's honestly pretty solid. You don't need anything crazy fancy when it comes to a tripod. You just need something that keeps your phone completely still. The last thing that we would want is shaky and jittery footage. Now, when setting up your tripod, you want to place it about 2 to 3 ft in front of your chair. I found that this gives you a wide enough shot while still being able to fill the frame properly. You don't want to look like you're floating in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of empty space around you. But, on the flip side, you also don't want to be so close to the camera that your face is taking up the entire frame. This moves perfectly into the final ingredient of composition, which is the rule of thirds. The rule of thirds is when you divide your frame into thirds both horizontally and vertically. For positioning, we want to line ourselves up in the center column, and we want our eyes to land right on that top horizontal bar. If your eyes are sitting on that top line, and your head is in the middle column, you usually know that you're in a pretty good spot. After that, make sure any physical lines that are in your scene, like a door or the shelf over here, are straight up and down. Notice how if I rotate this camera slightly, my eyes are still on the top rule of thirds line, but all these background lines feel a little crooked. Now, the shot just kind of feels off. All right, moving on to pillar number two, the big one, lighting. Lighting is incredibly important because it's single-handedly the easiest way to make your setup look professional. Good lighting with a smartphone will beat bad lighting with a $5,000 camera every single [music] time. To light our YouTube studio, we're going to break lighting down into four simple steps. But first, we actually [music] need some lights. So, for this setup, I'm going to use the Tolifo 12-in LED light kit. All right, step number one is control the environment. That means we need to shut off all the lights in the room. If you have an overhead light, we have to turn that off. If you have a lamp, we would also have to turn that off. And if you have a window, you can use blackout curtains or anything like a blanket to block out that natural light. The goal is to eliminate all light sources, so we're starting with a clean slate. All right, step two is to make our light soft. The light itself is definitely important, but being able to diffuse that light or make it softer is just as important. The reason why I chose the Torgem 12-in light [music] kit is because I wanted the biggest light possible for the least amount of money. >> The reason is because size matters. A larger light source is softer than a smaller one. For example, if I pointed a flashlight at my face, the light would look really harsh and unflattering. This is because this is a very small light source. But when I use a bigger light source like this massive 120-cm softbox, the shadows are not harsh and the light on my face looks very soft. Now, 12 in is solid, but we can actually make it bigger by diffusing it. In this shot, I'm lighting my face directly with the Torgem light. In this shot, I put a white bedsheet in front of the light. Notice how much softer the light looks on my face while using the bedsheet. Now, if you don't want to rig up a DIY setup like this, I definitely recommend getting a light diffuser panel. You can grab one for around $13 on Amazon. This works exactly like the bedsheet, it's just a lot easier to set up. Again, all the links to the gear that I talk about is in the description below. Now, size matters, but distance also matters as well. When it comes to lighting, an easy way to think about it is like this. You want to make the light source as big as possible and place it as close to your face as possible. The farther the light is from you, the harder the shadows will look. All right, the next step in lighting is adjusting the direction of the light. [music] Since we're building a cinematic studio setup, we want cinematic lighting. This means we want to avoid placing the light directly in front of our face. If the light is directly in front of our face, it lights everything evenly, which tends to make our face look flat. For a more cinematic look, we need depth, which is created by shadows. So, instead, we're going to move the light off to about a 45° angle to the side of us. Once you do that, you'll start to see more dimension on your face. Notice how this side now has a shadow. If I move the light all the way to the right, that shadow gets very intense. For this setup, that's a bit too dramatic, so I'm going to bring it back to 45°. Another reason I got the Torjim light kit is because it comes with two lights, which is great because if I want to fill in the shadows on the darker side of my face, I can set up the second light at about a 45° angle on the opposite side and lower the intensity. You would not want to set it as the same intensity as the main light, because that would start to wash out the shadows. So, instead, I'm going to keep the second light at about 1/3 the intensity of the main light. Now, if you like the cinematic lighting that you're getting from the main light, and you don't want to fill in that shadow, another option is to use that second light as a hair light. To set this up, keep your main light at the 45° angle right in front of you, then move the second light behind you and aim it towards the back of your head and shoulders. Notice how it lights up my shoulder and the edge of my hair. And overall, this helps with the separation between me and the background. I think my favorite setup is this one right here, where I have the key light on this side, and I have the fill light on this side. So, I'm going to keep it as this setup. All right, on to step four of lighting, which is accent lighting. Now, this part is optional, but I really do think it can take your setup to a whole another level. If I had an extra 20 bucks to spend, I would definitely pick up the Neewer light wand. These small lights are perfect for adding a little bit of background color to your shots. [music] Super cool tool, and for 20 bucks, I think it adds a really professional look. Now, I want to end the lighting pillar with a quick little warning section. I know it can be tempting, but I would definitely avoid buying a ring light. They're appealing because most of them combine a tripod and a light in one, which feels really convenient, but the trade-off is they won't give you the best results, especially if you're going for a cinematic look. Like we talked about earlier, because the light sits directly in front of your face, it removes a lot of the shadows on your face, which tends to make [music] your face look flat. On top of that, it's also hard to add extra diffusion to a ring light, which limits how soft you can make it. Because lighting is so important, I definitely recommend going with the Torsun light kit. Or if you have a little extra budget, you could go with the Mount Dog softbox lighting kit. This is a great option because it comes with a built-in 19-in by 27-in softbox diffuser. So, if you wanted to make the light look really soft, you wouldn't need to get a bed sheet or a separate diffusion panel. Just something to keep in mind if you're purchasing lights. [music] All right, moving on to the third pillar, which is audio. This is a very important step in the process because audio makes up half of the viewing experience. To prove it, this video was shot in a $30,000 studio, but the audio sounds terrible. Now, compare that to this basic setup with high-quality audio. And honestly, this doesn't even look average. This looks super good. A good rule of thumb is that most people will tolerate average-looking videos, but almost no one will tolerate bad sound. So, with that in mind, we're definitely not going to rely on the built-in microphone on our smartphone. Just to give you a reference point, the audio that you're listening to right now is coming from the built-in microphone on our smartphone. Pretty rough. For our studio setup, I'm going to go with the PQRQP microphone. The reason I chose this one is because it's wireless, which is great for YouTube setups, but it also adds a lot of versatility outside of our studio. That means you can put your phone on a tripod and get clean audio from here, from here, and even over here. Now, if you want to keep your audio under $10, a great option is the PoP Voice Pro lavalier microphone. This microphone plugs directly into your smartphone with a cable. The cable comes with either a 6 and 1/2 ft cable or a 14 ft cable depending on what size you get. So, as long as you're within that distance from your camera, it'll work great. Not bad. With that being said, I do think versatility is really important when it comes to YouTube. So, that's why I tend to lean towards the wireless mic setup. It just adds a ton of creative options. Now, if you do have a little extra budget, I definitely recommend the Hollyland Lark A1. I think it sounds just a little bit better than the PQRQP, and it also has built-in noise cancellation. So, if you're filming in a noisy environment, you can turn that on and it will actively reduce the background noise while you're recording. Which is honestly pretty clutch. Here's a quick audio test using the PoP Voice Pro. Here's a quick audio test using the PQRQP. And lastly, here's a quick audio test using the Hollyland Lark A1. Of the three, I definitely think the Hollyland Lark A1 wins. All right, that wraps up our three main pillars: composition, lighting, [music] and audio. But none of that actually matters if you skip the secret pillar that I mentioned at the beginning of this video. [music] And the secret pillar is camera settings. If you're not filming with the correct camera settings, your footage will never reach its full potential. Take a look at this video on the left and this one on the right. Everything about these two setups is exactly the same except the video on the right is using the wrong camera settings. Notice how much softer it looks than the video on the left. The last thing that we would want is for you to put all of this work in and not get the best possible results just because of a settings mistake. So, let's quickly go over the best recording settings for your smartphone. The first thing that we want to make sure you're doing is using the rear camera of your smartphone. I know it's tempting to use the front camera, so you can check the composition, but the rear camera is almost always better in terms of quality. One investment that could be worth it, if you have a little extra budget, is this selfie monitor. It attaches to the back of your phone, so you can see what the camera sees while still using the main camera. That can save you a lot of time during the setup process, so you don't have to record a test clip, check the framing, adjust the camera, and then repeat that process again and again. Another reason we want to use the rear camera is because it unlocks better resolution and frame rate options. When it comes to resolution, which is basically the size of your video, I recommend setting it to 4K if your phone allows it. For frame rate, you can set it to either 24 or 30 frames per second. Both of those options work great for talking head content. Now, if you're shooting on an iPhone, there are two settings that apply to you that I briefly want to touch on. The first one is turning off HDR. When HDR is turned on, your iPhone tries to make the bright parts and the dark parts look detailed at the same time. So, if there's a bright window behind you and your face is darker, your iPhone will automatically try to brighten your face and darken the window, so everything looks evenly exposed. And that sounds great on paper, but in practice, it just kind of makes your video look too bright, too contrasty, or it kind of just throws off the colors when you go to import it into your editing software. Instead, I recommend turning HDR off and then just focusing on good lighting. Strong lighting will improve your video far more than HDR ever could. Now, a setting I would turn on is lock white balance. This makes it so once you hit record, the color temperature doesn't start shifting on you. Now, if you're doing some vlog style content or filming outdoors, you actually might want to leave this off. That's because the lighting changes constantly. So, allowing the white balance to adjust could actually help you in those situations. All right, that does it for the secret pillar. Now, as promised at the beginning of this video, let's take these skills and knowledge that we just covered and use them to build two additional setups. And right before we get into those setups, as a thank you for watching this video, I'm actually going to be giving away this entire studio kit. This includes the tortrum 12-in light panels, the tripod, the newer light sticks, and the Hollyland Lark A1 microphone. Pretty awesome. To enter the giveaway, you need to do four things. First, like this video. Second, leave a comment. Third, hit the subscribe button. And fourth, in the description below this video, click the giveaway link and enter your email address. Two weeks from the posting date of this video, I will randomly select somebody and then email you to get your shipping address. To make this even better, whether you win or not, immediately after submitting your email address, you'll automatically get our social media and YouTube editing template pack. This has some awesome templates inside, like color grading lots, sound effects, graphics, and more. So, go pause the video and do those four things now if you want to get a chance to win the YouTube studio kit. So, here we are, unique setup number one, and we're using the same exact gear, just a different background. And really the only adjustments that we made is we just increased the color temperature on this to make it a little bit more cool. Here's what it looks like before we change the color temperature to make it more cool. And here's what it looks like a little bit more balanced. So, here we are, we set up the newer light sticks to shoot at this wall right here. We're shooting it through the leaves right here. It kind of adds a little bit of unique texture versus just kind of blasting it right at the wall. And then here we are, we have our fill light right here. We have our key light right here. So, this one's a little bit lower intensity uh on the brightness, and then this one's just a little bit stronger than that one. So, this one right here is just kind of putting a lot of light on our face, and this one's kind of filling in the shadows on this side. All right, and here we are with the second unique setup. Now, this one it looks a little bit different because we're not in an office right now. We're actually in the downstairs living room, and the lighting setup is different. As you can see, we have the key light right here, and instead of having another light right here to fill in for the shadows, we dropped the light back, and now we have a hair light going on. Obviously, the setup coming a little over budget because of the fireplace back there, but you got to make do with what you have. You might have some really cool things in your house or apartment that you can use to create a really cool setup like this one. Really quick, I'm going to show you each individual component layered on top of one another so you can see what each thing looks like individually. Here's what the scene looks like with just our key light. Here's what the scene looks like with just our back light. Here's what the scene looks like with our two main lights. Now, we've added two lights onto the shelf. There's kind of this dark area going on in the bottom left-hand corner of the frame. So, what we're going to do is add a tube light and match the color temperature of the fire. And just for fun, here's what the back tube lights look like just by themselves. And just to show you how important lighting is, this is what the scene looks like with no film lights, just the overhead lights. So, there we go. Three completely different setups all using the same exact gear that we got on Amazon for under $100. Now, as you learned, gear alone won't give you a cinematic [music] setup. The lighting, the composition, the camera settings, the audio, the editing, the color, the sound design, the story, those are all of the ingredients that make a video look amazing. Learning all these skills can take years to master. You could spend hours on YouTube jumping from one creator to another, [music] piecing together random bits of information, trying to find the answers that you're looking for. [music] And that massively delays your goal making YouTube videos in the first place. That's exactly why we built a streamlined program called 14-Day Filmmaker. [music] This step-by-step program contains over 150 step-by-step tutorials walking you through every single aspect of the content [music] creation process. From the technical side of what gear to use, the right camera settings, how to light [music] like a pro, capture cinematic movement, record and edit high-quality audio, how to tell captivating stories, and [music] an insane amount of editing training that will take you from beginner to absolute ninja. Included in this course are individual bonus courses that cover mastering the process [music] of shooting and editing on your smartphone, a deep dive into professional cameras, and an entire curriculum on mastering YouTube, including how to get tons of views and build an amazing [music] subscriber base. You get lifetime access to all of that, plus bonus sound effects, editing cheat sheets, and access to our weekly live Q&A calls where you can hop on and ask Anthony any filmmaking questions you have. You get access to all of this for a small one-time fee of $48. If you're interested, maybe want to enroll, all you have to do is click the link in the description [music] of this video. Also, if you found this video helpful, be sure to hit that subscribe button, and I'll [music] see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrPaulXavier [3 likes]: 🎥 Learn to Shoot & Edit Pro Videos in Just 14 Days! https://www.contentcreator.com/14-day-smartphone-filmmaker-course?sl=yt-organic-cs-100-studio
  2. @tomasdejesuslariospalacios2950: thanks
  3. @Ale-hy6hn: I loved your dramatisation 😹😹😹
  4. @joshuacolston2050: This has been super helpful and I can't wait to apply the tips you've covered when I'm creating my own content. Thank you!!
  5. @W1CK3DXL0: buddy you turned a crappy iphone video into a work of Art hahaha  that is some really good tips...      i got an Iphone 12 ...  the 12 had a pretty good camera.. you think i could use that?
  6. @sandramulalley2399: Thanks for the educational information. It is really helpful.
  7. @anitagoodbath1432: I have really wanting to get the into making videos...the giveaway has already happened but I still would like to try and learn how to do this.
  8. @mariposagy101: Super helpful as I am looking for my first kit.
  9. @spiritualyouthtv2512: Thank you
  10. @andreythebarista: Best video i’ve seen on filming and lighting. Bravo!
  11. @nicoleblakewhite6264: Thank you for the video.  It's very informative
  12. @justworshipJesu: Inspiring
  13. @ITudoko-ci5ku: Bro! just move to hollywood and become a actor man! i think superman next sequel will suit you!!
  14. @devy256: Your content is exactly what someone needs to find.
  15. @RamizShaikh-hu8yo: Why ur profile pic and in video are different.
  16. @codeGR88N: 19:20 lol what is that song from? i remember wtching some streamers have this as their intro or outro song
  17. @PezzodipaneOFFICIAL: Omegapippoli for the giveaway
  18. @b.pazoki2580: It's an affordable yet good-quality setup
  19. @Itsdavidharvey: Good video and info
  20. @mensahtwum4250: Please am in Ghana can you help me to purchase this I terms 🙏🙏 I want to setup podcast studio

- Transform Your Simple Room Into a YouTube Home Studio: Kind: captions Language: en You want to create a practical, good-looking space to shoot your videos in a normal room or home office. After this video, you will have clarity about the key points to follow to achieve your desired shot without investing much or rebuilding the entire room. I built five plus home studios in the last 10 years of my YouTube journey. I also helped other creators to build their own shooting space. As an example, I recently helped Kate reshape everything from this look to this. I've been in many situations when it comes to shooting spaces and made numerous mistakes. You don't need to make the same mistakes or waste money, but I will be honest, you need to invest some time and effort to rearrange some furniture maybe or learn how to take advantage of what you have in the background if you want to look professional. It will take time and tests to achieve the look that I like. It takes me time, trial and error moving something all the time until I reach the final result. I found three main aspects to take into account and your shots will be transformed instantly. Number one, position of the camera. Whether you keep it on the desk or on a tripod and what the camera will see. I will show you how to do it. Number two, the lights. I will show you how to use them to your advantage. And number three, this will change everything. The lens you use, the angle, and the aperture are crucial in most situations. My home studio is a simple small apartment room. I had the luxury to empty it totally when I renovated the apartment and also painted two walls gray. But if you can't do that, don't worry. You can move some things or learn how to use what you have. The first aspect I concentrated on was to position the desk in the most convenient spot, thinking about what I had in the background. Also, I wanted to have the widest view possible that looks the best and is clean. I wanted to take advantage of the two gray walls that will offer a wide view. So, I placed the desk on the opposite side shooting from the desk. Position your desk thinking about what your camera will see. You can take your camera and try to find the best spot. Try it. It's the best way to find the most convenient, good-looking view. Walk around with your camera and find the best spot. Maybe you will not shoot having the camera on the desk and you'll have it on a tall tripod. That's fine. Just search for the best spot by trying it. After you find a proper spot and you move the desk there and you also have a decent background, put your camera there, take a shot as it is and analyze it. And at this point, pay attention to the following. To have a clear space behind your head. If you have an empty wall, it's easier. If you have something like a library, try to empty those shelves that are behind your head. Look, if I put a plant behind me, it will look like the leaves are popping out of my head. Or if you have something like a fixed shelf that you can't move, as Kate has, try to put something there that blends in or keep the area behind your head empty. She first had a red or white book on that and it looked like she had a book on her head. Analyze your background and clean it behind your head. The second aspect to analyze is the balance of the shot. I had this problem on the right side of the shot. I have a big plant and on the left side it's empty. It looks unbalanced. I have the chair on the left side but it's not tall. I also didn't want to put another plant that will look like two pillars. So, I filled that space with a light to balance the shot or I use the shape of a window. Sometimes I like it cleaner, just a light. The third aspect, analyze the colors. Try not to have 100 colors around you. That can be tiring. It's best to have two or three. If you can't and maybe have a lot of books with different colors, try to order them in a way that looks cleaner, for example. I like this orange look with some red. When I choose my shirt, I can wear something in contrast like blue or orange, or I can wear something neutral like black, gray or white. If you keep it clean around you, use two maximum of three colors and try to balance the shot, it will look good. Now let's move to the lights. This aspect will completely change the look. Many creators are asking me why I recommend investing in two lights when I can use only one. This is why if you use one single light to light you up equally or almost equally, you need to have the light in front of you. The light will light you up, okayish, but it will also light up the background. If you like that, that's perfect. But if you want to make the background more interesting, you will want to have the background darker so you stand out. If you use two lights, one on the right side at a 45° angle and one on the left, the light on you will be great. You can control the intensity of each side. And the right light will illuminate one side of your face and the wall on your left which is out of the shot. And the left light will illuminate the other side of your face and the right wall which is also out of the shot. Of course, those walls will reflect some light on the background also, but it will be less compared to pointing a light directly at the background. And like this, you will have a darker background to work with. Now, having the background darker, you can play with simple RGB lights and change the vibe instantly. If you have a white background, it can't be that dark, but it can be sufficient to make it more interesting using RGB lights. Look, I did it in the past having a white background positioning the lights properly. I changed the background color with a simple RGB light. I use some cheap small ones like this and door or small rig or Ulanzi. Don't worry, I will add affiliate links in the description for all the equipment that will help you build your studio. If you click on my links, you're not going to pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission and this will help me keep sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. RGB lights are gamechanging. Just be careful to choose video lights. This is important. Stay away from cheap RGB LED lights. those can produce flicker. Use dedicated video lights. I'm also asked frequently about the position of the lights and the colors. There is no rule about this. According to your background and what you have in the background, change the position until you find the best spot to balance the shot or mask something if you need to. The same thing happens with the intensity or the colors. Use what you like or what represents your personality of your brand. If you like blue, use blue. If you like orange, use orange. If you like purple, use purple. There is no wrong or right if you keep the image balanced and don't use too many colors. Kate prefer the touch of blue and it looks great. Now, about the natural light. Is it okay to use the natural light? Yes, but keep in mind that you need to position the camera so you are lit by the window and you can't control the natural light too much. you can start to shoot with some settings when it's sunny and in 15 minutes the room gets darker because of a cloud. Also, you need to shoot only during the daytime. If you shoot for a long time, it's often hard to control the natural light, which is why I prefer to use a curtain that blocks 100% of the sunlight and controls the shooting environment. But if you like how it looks, if you place the camera in the right spot and like how the room looks with the natural light, that's great. And if you find this video useful until now, don't forget to press the like button and maybe consider subscribing. Thank you. Now, let's talk about the importance of the lens. I will show you the difference between a fast lens and the kit lens. And after I have an important bonus tip for your studio. If you shoot talking head videos in a small home studio, a fast lens will make a huge difference. On the lenses, we see the aperture number like this f3.5, f2.8 or f1.4. Long story short, if this number is lower, that means you can open the aperture more and more light will hit the sensor. The image will be brighter and you need less light and at the same time you will have more blur behind you. the fast lens that offers more blur behind you. You can mask some things in the background and make it look more professional. This is the image shot at f3.5 with the kit lens. I need to increase the light and the ISO to have the right exposure. And this is the image at f1.4 with a fast lens. I need less light. The image is brighter and I have more pronounced blur behind me. This is not mandatory. You can perfectly shoot with the kit lens if you like how it looks, but the blur will not be that pronounced in a small space. A fast lens will help a lot. I have used it for a long, long time and recommend the Sigma 16 mm f1.4 lens. This lens offers me that good looking blur and I don't need to struggle with the light. A fast lens is more expensive than the kit lens, but the image will be much better. The Sigma 16mm F1.4 4 costs around $411 at the time of publishing this video, but the difference is huge. 99% of the creators that I talked to and use this lens are extremely happy with the results, saying that this changed their look significantly. Now, let me give you this important tip about sound isolation. Eliminating the reverb in your room can be the most complicated and expensive thing to do. What you can do and what I do is this. Try to break all the flat surfaces as much as you can. As an example, I have this corner with the door where I break it with a sound blanket on two variables. When I shoot, I close it and it eliminates a lot of the reverb and resonances. Also, on my right side, I have a heavy curtain that will block the sun and also help to eliminate the reverb. The chair behind me helps a lot. You can put clothes, books, sound blankets, or even a normal blanket on the sides that are not visible in the shot and try to break the flat surfaces that reflect sound. I have here a homemade acoustic panel with some fabric and foam inside. It gets the job done and I also like it for the design. Also, you can put a carpet on the floor which will help. It's hard to totally eliminate the rever, but if you add clothes, blankets, pillows, furniture, and books, the reverb will be reduced and that will help. I will add links to some acoustic blankets, but you need to search for the right sizes according to your space or some acoustic panels. Position your camera in a way to have the best shot according to your room. Clean the space behind your head. Balance the shot as much as you can. Set the lights properly. Set the mood you want with some RGB lights. Choose the right lens and you're good to go. But you can have the best looking professional home studio for nothing if you don't have the right setup to shoot with. As the lens can change the look a lot, the entire setup will transform your videos. To inspire you and show you everything I use, I will give you a dedicated video to see my entire shooting setup. Camera, lenses, teleprompter, lights, PC, audio gear, everything. Watch this video and build your perfect setup.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomas_j_mcclure [45 likes]: That ultrawide Top-Down shot to show the angle is genius! I may have to steal that and give you the credit lol
  2. @creatorbreakout [2 likes]: These are great tips, thanks for putting this together!
  3. @BrittneeWiliams [2 likes]: Looks really good🎉
  4. @verdebmx35 [1 likes]: What’s the paint color?
  5. @omvidtech2281 [1 likes]: I try split the difference: a dual purpose working space AND a future YouTube studio because I don't want my workspace to feel like a studio. I don't want to see a lot of rigging, mounts, gear and general "setup" when I'm simply trying to work or watch a movie on the other side of the room. Not only that, I prefer a dark aesthetic when I work--where I only have light where I need it to see. So my evolving setup has to take that into effect. This is easier for me because my setup will be more of a musical performance setup as opposed to a talking head setup. The gear has its own lighting so I only need to provide kickers hear and there. I also don't have traditional video cameras. Just and iPhone 15Pro with Blackmagic cam running through a Magewell HDMI to USB encoder, a Insta 360 Link, an iPhone XS and a few web cams all running through OBS.
  6. @maxdeniel [1 likes]: Nice video bro, thanks..
  7. @colinmeney [1 likes]: Really helpful - thanks 👍
  8. @cristianvantu [1 likes]: You are fantastic! Worth every second.
  9. @gabrielromero36 [1 likes]: Great video Buddy thank you so much for your effort and your professionalism 🍀🫡🫡🫡
  10. @lylyphan6401 [1 likes]: is that 16mm lens suitable for filming real estate and architectural projects, and does it cause distortion of the edges?  
Because I need a camera with a suitable lens for content creators filming vlogs to share real estate knowledge, and I often go to shoot beautiful houses. I hope you can recommend a suitable product. I have subscribed to your channel, which I really enjoy.
  11. @scottmargenau [1 likes]: Where are the links u mentioned?
  12. @scottmargenau [1 likes]: Well done sir!
  13. @MattGowan-u3x [1 likes]: Thank you. Every word of advice was so valuable. Your style and delivery is perfect.  Just what I needed to help me improve my content creation and support my business!
  14. @gravitywellmarketing [1 likes]: Gabriel. Great information. Thank you. I see you lights are bouncing off something. What is that and what is the set up you have overhead for them? Thank you
  15. @GhostStoryGirl [1 likes]: very helpful thank you! Where is your lamp from?
  16. @nannimwuyep [1 likes]: Really good video, man. Your teleprompter video brought me here. Subscribed.
  17. @Joey-i7h9x [1 likes]: Mersi! Gold content
  18. @AlimHAli-eg7gz [1 likes]: how far are you away form the background?
  19. @AlimHAli-eg7gz [1 likes]: what is the distance of the camera and lens from you?
  20. @fleggy123: Thanks!

- TINY Room YouTube Studio Setup That DOES IT ALL!: Kind: captions Language: en today I want to show you how I took my standard YouTube Studio slome off desk area and turned it into this hyper efficient content production space this setup in a super tiny 2x2 m space allows me to record Talking Hat videos from two different angles grab overhead product and unboxing shots shoot thumbnails plus I can test and review certain products edit all the content and store a bunch of my gear in this video I'll share the design of this super small space the different camera setups the lighting setups and everything else that makes this a highly functional workspace I'll also leave links to the gear and all the things I talk about down in the video description so you can go check that out if you're interested all right let's get into it this room was originally a storage room until I turned it into a desk SL yoube area and this is more or less what the room looked like for the past 2 years all the walls were plain white which I think doesn't always look that good on video especially in such a small room as you can see from these talking head shot from the past few years I've gone from a blue orange RGB look to a more neutral look both of which were perfectly fine but over time it just didn't fit the vibe I wanted in my videos so for the wall color I decided to go for a matte black color this would create a much more cozy and Moody Vibe but also help a lot with controlling the lighting to contrast those black walls I put up four of these wooden acoustic panels on the other wall they add a nice neutral accent in the room help with Sound Treatment and apparently vertical lines also tend to make small spaces appear larger and that's another thing that was important to me was having things in this space and in these YouTube talking head shots that kind of reflect a little bit more about me or about this channel let's just call it set dressing I've got a few vintage cameras here some that work and others that don't a cool Edison light bulb for some extra cozy warm Vibes fake plants because there is no natural daylight in this room and of course my silver play button but these shells on the side here were sitting a little bit dark let me just show you so I decided to add these LED strips and diffuser channels underneath to light things up a little bit and behind me here is a canvas print of an arlex 765 now if you've seen my first YouTube Studio tour video you'll already know this but this Frame isn't just there for aesthetic reasons it actually covers a small basement window which as you can tell doesn't look very nice I recently did change the print from a regular frame to a canvas print because it doesn't reflect the light as much and just looks a lot better all right let's move on to essentially the most important part of this workspace and that is the desk this is pretty much where 90% of the entire YouTube Studio lives on and when you're having to work from a small space like this it's vital to make everything as Compact and functional as possible I'm not doing YouTube fulltime so the time I have to create these videos is limited and needs to be spent efficiently the desk itself is the S2 Pro Plus sit stand desk from mates side I've had it for over a year now and the main thing I like about it is this size this this one is 160x 880 CM so there's enough space for everything I have mounted on here plus I can comfortably work on it and also have enough room for top- down shots it has a load capacity of 125 kg which again is great given all the stuff that is on here which we'll get to in a second adjusting the height of the desk is really easy by pressing the up or down buttons on the control panel and I also have two memory buttons set for my sitting or standing height so for example when I press number two the desk will automatically go to my standing height which is great and I probably should stand more because I don't anyway on the desk you'll see this desk shelf which matches the desk really nicely and surprise I actually made it myself it's definitely not perfect but I just didn't want to spend $2 200 or $250 on what is basically a Shelf with three legs this one I built out of a larger piece of acacia wood that I got from the hardware store I had it cut the size then rounded the corners and put some nice oil finishing on it the legs are small pieces of cheap Pine again I had those cut to size and then painted them black finally I glued everything together and got something that I would say looks pretty cool and I think in total I spent maybe 50 bucks now I actually got this idea from Thomas J McClure's Channel and I'll leave the link to his video down below where he goes through all the steps to make one of these if you want to maybe build one yourself all right before we get to all the gear that lives on this desk I just want to mention the new desk chair that flexy spot hooked me up with this is the flexispot C7 ergonomic chair and originally I had a more design chair from Ikea and this one was actually pretty terrible for my back so I upgraded to a more affordable $150 or something ergonomic chair which I found on Amazon that one was fine but when I then got this flexi spot chair it really felt like a true upgrade this one is like $350 which is still reasonably affordable in comparison to some other ergonomic desk chairs on the market it's got really good lumbar support which is adjustable it's got adjustable armrests an adjustable headrest this one is the fully mesh version which I personally really like I think it's very very comfortable I also went for the one that has the foot rest but I honestly wouldn't recommend that one it doesn't really go out far enough to really support your feet and it also feels a little bit flimsy I'm actually worried it might break off if I put too much weight on it so yeah save yourself like 40 bucks or something by not getting the foot rest but besides that I'm really happy with this chair okay so now let's have a look at all the gear that is on the desk here and everything that I use to make these videos here on YouTube starting with the main talking head setup so what you're looking at right now everything for this setup is mounted on the vazon 6-in-1 desk Mount originally I was using all six mounts on here but recently I modified it a little bit and removed a few things so now it's not really a six in one anymore the great thing about mounting things on the desk like this is that you've got a very compact but complete recording setup which is always ready to go so no setting up tripods or stands everything is just mounted and it literally takes like 5 or 10 minutes to start recording the first thing I have mounted on here is my Sony a74 and for these talking head shot I'm using it with a sigma 24 mm f1.4 lens this is the older version of that lens so the autofocus isn't that great but I use manual focus for these talking head shots anyway so no real need to upgrade then I have the Elgato teleprompter mounted on there and honestly I cannot recommend this thing enough I bought it about 10 months ago after first trying one of those smartphone teleprompters and the setup on those is just a total pain in the butt and I found that they never really work that well the Elgato prompto however connects via USBC to your computer and you can do all the settings on there so it's super easy plug and play but the absolute best thing about this one is that it has something called voice sync so the text on the prompter actually moves as you're speaking the words which is just so incredibly incredibly useful I honestly can't even imagine recording a video without this thing anymore the only thing that is a bit unfortunate about using a teleprompter and this is any teleprompter not just the Elgato is that you are limited to a 24 mm lens on full frame you can't go any wider than that because otherwise you'll see the edges of the prompter in the frame moving up on the desk Mount we'll find the monitor I'm using for these Talking Heads This is the port Keys LH 7p I have it attached to the desk Mount using a small rig super clamp this is a 7-in full HD touchscreen monitor and the unique thing about this one is that it features wireless camera control with some Sony and Blackmagic design cameras so I can control a bunch of settings such as color temperature aperture shutter speed or ISO on my Sony 874 as well as start recording directly on the monitor if I need to do that you can even tap the focus on the monitor which is a pretty awesome feature and something you don't see on a lot of other camera monitors besides that the LH 7p has all other common monitor features such as 3D Luts waveforms false color focus peaking grids anamorphic desqueeze and so on it also has four customizable function buttons on the top it's plenty bright at 1,000 nits and you can power it with npf batteries when I'm using it here though I power it with a DC power cable for audio I'm using the coma vm40 Wireless shotgun microphone I recently did a video about this mic and I've been using it as my main mic ever since it can record 32-bit float audio internally so no need to run a cable to the camera plus I get much higher audio quality with that 32-bit float but you can also record with a 3.5 mm Jack if you want to do that or you can even use the wireless receiver and record into the camera like that so you've got pretty much every recording option available on this mic I have it mounted on this boom arm that came with the vion kit and whenever I'm recording the microphone just sits right out of frame another little piece of gear that I've had for years now which I find incredibly useful is this small wireless remote control for the camera I use this to start and stop recording without having to reach over to the camera each and every time this one is made by JJC I bought it on Amazon and it's like half the price of the original Sony remote I use this thing all the time and it's such a little thing that I find really improves my workflow so I can highly recommend it next to the main camera I have another desk Mount and this this is the small rig overhead desk Mount because I do a lot of product videos on this channel as well I shoot a good amount of top- down overhead stuff for showing certain products or shooting unboxing videos and until recently I would always have to take out my tripod move my desk chair set up the tripod mount the camera on there and this whole process was just not very efficient this small rig desk Mount offers a permanent and more streamlined solution for shooting my overhead videos I just extend the arm mount the camera on there plug in the Monitor and I'm good to go and so far it seems to be plenty sturdy and doesn't wobble but what I like most about this one from small rig is that it folds up so when I'm not using it it doesn't take up much space and it's not in the way the camera I use for my top down shots is the Lumix S5 2x which I only just got very recently now it's definitely Overkill to have two cameras but I use these cameras for other stuff as well and when I'm not using them I prefer to for example keep the a74 mounted on there so I can start recording more quickly the big plus of the Lumix S5 2x for overhead shots is that it can record in open gate that means I can repurpose for example unboxing shots for vertical content as well the lens I'm using for these shots is the Lumix 20 to 60 mm f3.5 to f5.6 and this is I believe a kit lens so really really affordable I bought it secondhand for I think it was $180 because I needed a small zoom lens for this setup and honestly it works perfectly and the shots look great I also have a monitor permanently fixed on the small Rick Mount using a small Rick magic arm again this might be overkill for some people but I just wanted to have things permanently there to make the process of recording these videos as fast and efficient as possible having to set up or take down equipment or moving around cables each and every time just started feeling like a huge waste of time anyway this is the hollyland Mars M1 it's the first version of the Mars M1 they've released and I've had it for about 1 and a half years now and it has been acting up from time to time so I might need to swap it out soon but for now and for the setup it works fine this one is also powered with a DC cable so again no batteries here to keep things more efficient as far as lighting goes there are two lights lighting this setup right now my key light here is the nanlite pavos slim 12C and this is an upgrade I've been wanting to do for a while now because for the past 2 and 1/2 years I've had this newer NL 480 LED panel which definitely serves its purpose especially for how cheap that thing was but it wasn't very bright the quality of the light wasn't that good and it was also kind of too small to have a nice wrap around the face the pavos slim 12C is a 60x30 rgbww LED panel it's super thin and lightweight which makes it perfect for this setup as you can see I have it set up above my monitor against the wall and there is no way I would be able to fit a big Co or even a small coob with a soft box here I was also surprised at how incredibly bright this light is I currently have it set at 7% and let me just turn it up to 100 so this is 100% obviously that's way too bright but you can tell that's a lot of output for a relatively small light like this besides offering a byol CCT range of 2700 to 7500 Kelvin it also has full RGB so you can set it to pretty much any color imaginable it also comes with this pop-up soft box so I can easily open or close the soft box if I need a bit more space here and would need to make the light more compact I have the pavos slim mounted on a newer wall mount and these wall mounts are an amazing solution for small spaces like this because you don't need bulky light stands taking up floor space especially for my key light here I simply wouldn't even be able to put a light stand anywhere in this corner the arm turns in all kinds of directions and it for example allows me to swing out the pavos slim and tilt it down which then turns the a slim into a perfect top down light for my overhead shots but I can also for example use it as a colored rim light when I'm doing other kinds of product shots or tutorials the second main light in this setup is again off the floor mounted on a newer wall mount on the other side of the room this is the colore CL 220r which is a 220 W RGB coob light and this light also has a few different functions in this studio so for example for these talking head shots I have the colar projection Mount attached to it with a stripe Gobo inserted and this is what's creating this accent light on the wall you can see behind me here just to add a bit more depth and interest to the shot secondly I can use this as a key light if I want to shoot from a different angle I can just attach a soft box to the light and with the wall mount it's super easy to get it in position so this is what this second talking head shot looks like and I actually kind of like the look of it but I haven't really used it for any other videos yet because it does take a little bit more time to set up but what do you guys think do you prefer this shot or the other talking head shot and thirdly I will use this as a huge overhead light for product shots thumbnails product tutorials and so on the ceiling in this room is white so that means I can simply bounce the CL 220r off the ceiling to create a very large and very soft overhead light so in combination with the pavos slim I have a variety of different lighting setups for pretty much any situation I find myself in when recording these videos now as you could tell I don't have any lights on the floor and that is extremely useful in a small space like this but there are occasions where I do need to set up a light on a light standand and that is when I bring out the I footage Cobra 2 round Bas monopod comparing this to a regular light stand you can immediately tell why I have one of these it takes up way less floor space and at the same time it's still super sturdy now moving on to all the other stuff on this desk here let's call it the editing or office part of this workpace the monitor I've been using for a few years now is the BenQ pd3220u I really love the size of this monitor plus it looks sleek with the thin Edge design and if you're a Mac User like me this monitor makes it super easy to ensure correct color calibration it has an mbook or MacBook mode to match the best color consistency between your MacBook and the monitor but there's also a bunch of other preset color modes you can choose from like Rec 709 Adobe RGB srgb and so on on top of the monitor is the Ben Q screen bar Halo and honestly I never thought of using a screen bar until Ben Q sent me this one like 2 years ago and now I can't imagine working without it anymore besides helping to reduce eye strain it creates a perfect light on the desk without being disturbing or glaring onto the screen plus it doesn't take up any desk space like a regular desk lampwood this one from BenQ also has a backlight and it has a remote where you can adjust things like brightness and the color temperature now you can definitely find more affordable screen bars but I will say that this one is probably one of the best ones out there behind them all monitor I have my 14in MacBook M1 Pro which is where I do all of my editing on and this sits in a wooden MacBook stand made by Cali connected to my MacBook I have the ivank fusion doc Max one which lives under the desk shelf and this dock offers me a bunch of extra connections and allows me to keep my MacBook tucked away in the back in the front it has four USB C ports two USB a ports a headphone jack an SD and a Micro SD card slot and this is great to easily connect SSD d drives or other devices and for unloading SD cards in the back there are another two USBC ports three usba a ports two HDMI ports an ethernet port an optical audio port and another 3.5 mm audio port so besides having more than enough connections four of these USBC connections allow 40 GB per second transfer speeds so transferring footage or working off of ssds is seamless it also connects to my monitor via Thunderbolt which has the ability to offer me 6K at 60 HZ and if that isn't enough this Fusion doc Max one Powers my Mac and basically solves the entire cable and connection mess with only one dual USBC cable so I can honestly say that this single device has cleaned up this desk and made the workflow with my MacBook a lot smoother and more efficient when it comes to the keyboard This is the Kyron k17 Pro mechanical keyboard I used to have a very cheap Amazon keyboard but for the longest time I've been considering upgrading to a proper mechanical keyboard and I finally DEC decided to go for the Kyron k17 Pro because I wanted to have a numpad and because I like the aesthetic of it plus it also makes for a nice looking prop in top down shots my mouse is the Logitech mxm 3s which is if you've ever used it you'll agree hands down the best Mouse money can buy the headphones I use when editing videos are the Bayer Dynamic dt770 Pro headphones they are closed Studio headphones and I like them because they offer excellent sound quality but also they sit very comfortably on your head for long periods of time now another really important part of this space is storage because it's pretty nuts how much gear you end up accumulating over the years and it was really important to me to have some sort of organization system a lot of the more important or most used gear lives in this Ikea Alex drawer under the desk one thing I added to this are these divider organizer thingies so they're basically just pieces of plastic you can connect together and then it divides your drawers and this is a huge help in keeping these drawers somewhat organized and saves me time because I don't have to constantly look for things it also makes for a pretty tidy looking lens drawer which I think looks pretty cool the drawer in the middle is a charging drawer I velcroed a power strip to one side of the drawer and then have all of my charging devices connected to that and tucked away in this drawer obviously when things are charging I keep the drawer open for air circulation the great thing about this power strip is that it has individual onoff switches for each outlet so if I want to only charge one thing I only turn on that one switch I also cut a hole in the back of the Alex unit to feed out the power cable of that power strip so everything looks nice and clean next to the desk I have a bit more storage in this shelf unit that I found on Amazon I like this one because it's black with these fake Walnut shelves so it fits the aesthetic of the room here I store some more gear like different lighting equipment a gimbal drones lenses and things like that but I also have these small parts organizer boxes and this organizer unit that I got from the hardware store and these are great to keep all sorts of screws Allen Keys filters rigging gear and just all sorts of bits and pieces that otherwise just get lost or make a mess all right that pretty much sums up what I have going on here in this little room and everything I use to create these videos now a very very important thing I want you to know is that I didn't get all of these things all at once this workspace is something that I've slowly put together piece by piece over the years to make this into a place that is efficient and functional and where I love to work so don't leave this video thinking you need a bunch of gear to make videos for the longest time I didn't have half of these things and was still able to create videos that were getting views so don't let gear or fancy setups stop you from doing what you want to do anyway that's it for this one I really appreciate you watching and hope you enjoyed the video if you have any questions just leave them down in the comments and I'll see you guys in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @vincentsels [1 likes]: Damn, awesome video and setup, really inspirational. How is that room 2x2 though, it looks rectangular, is that some optical illusion?
  2. @Brosensation [1 likes]: incredible setup! thanks for sharing it I've learned a lot
  3. @tsteele1944 [1 likes]: How do you control the air quality in there?
  4. @GetAIRichesRoadmap [1 likes]: Your set up is sick. I have a small space and it doesn’t look anything like that. So goals to shoot for.
  5. @HexDani: I just love spending my hard earned money on these without even producing a single bit of content. 😂😂😂
  6. @higherground49: Guys, remember this is the end goal, not for someone just starting out. This is his third studio redesign. Loved the aesthetic, will definitely use some of this for designing my studio.
  7. @mrgregpappas: Do you find you get camera shake with that desk mounted camera stand for the unboxing when your hands or arms touch the desktop?
  8. @egedp: Cool!
  9. @NicoSoro: Hey, great video! I’m going through a studio reno so that’s super helpful :) I wanted to ask how you’ve found colour grading and matching between A7IV and S5IIx? I’ve been looking at getting a used S5IIX for pretty cheap so thinking of grabbing one in addition to my Sony.
  10. @Giggle-Archie: And that tiny room is my bedroom. Bed and table for my laptop. So cramped that I can't do any set up in that room 😢
  11. @ScienceAustralis: That's not tiny
  12. @RockXP: 4:38 what kind led bar is in the background?
  13. @SolutionExist: I am planning to build the similar setup.
Initial with one monitor and afterwards, I will add 2nd
I want to know the size which can have mobile set-up to shoot videos like you, 2 monitor and CPU on desk.

Will be happy if you can share the dimensions of your table
  14. @tonirubio5997: El color de la pared es negro puro o un negro mas suave?
  15. @RockXP: Brand of bulb light or link?  Thanks
  16. @ozzzy3z946: My office is a 5' x 6' former laundry room. It's my favorite space in the house.
  17. @Replay-AJ: Wow, what a cool, small, efficient space you created. Thanks for sharing. I like the top down view desk mount you use. I am not a content creator myself but I enjoy seeing how, what others use to make their videos. ❤
  18. @foxysLab: "It's overkill to have 2 cameras"

Is it?! I have 4! 5 if you include my iPhone!
  19. @TheMadSciontist: Just a thought for consideration, i would practice train your script voice to sound a little less robotic and monotone, i know teleprompters can be a great benefit but there is hardly any emotion or inflections in your voice when you are reading a script which makes videos like this quite hard to watch for more than 2-3 mins.
  20. @pyschointellectual: looks freaking great dood

- Finding My Ideal Studio Setup 🌱 using Feng Shui to Boost Creativity | Small Business Diaries: Kind: captions Language: en my studio is a mess what else is new hi my name is Tammy I am an artist and small business owner and over the past couple years of running my business I've had a couple different Studio spaces most of them I loved but admittedly none of them felt quite right none of them had that perfect feeling of Creative Energy from working in my parents guest room to sharing a living space with two other roommates to finally having my own space when I moved here a couple months ago I thought I had curated the optimal space for my creativity but no I actually kind of hate it in here I feel oddly isolated and scared all the time so I spend the majority of my working hours in the kitchen on the kitchen island I would rather sit on uncomfortable shaky bar stools than work in here but today is the day that we are changing that I want to give this office space a real fair shot at becoming my new creative sanctuary you may wonder how are we going to do that Tammy how I'm going to use a method that I've never considered before in any of my previous spaces but I probably should have and that is funu funu is an ancient Chinese practice that focuses on harmonizing the energy otherwise known asqi in any given space to promote balance productivity and well-being a lot of this video draws inspiration from this Creator on Tik Tok he is a funu expert of sorts and his content is going to help us just rearrange this entire office space because as it stands now it's all wrong during the day it's fine but at night time y'all I get so scared like the way my desk faces the windows I get scared at night it's just looking into a void and another problem is that sitting here my back is facing the door it makes me irrationally scared that someone is going to sneak up behind me so I cannot be in here when it gets dark and that actually leads to the first point of funu there are so many components to funu that help create Harmony but today we'll just focus on a couple of those for the studio space we are just trying to maximize productivity and Vibes so the first thing that we're going to do today is change the orientation of where my desk and my eyes face this is arguably one of the most important rules of funu for an office it's called the command position all right you guys so if this is my studio I have a window right here wall here I have my little wall and then I have my door I have this little clay piece and let's imagine this is where I'm facing like this is me sitting at my desk right now my desk faces the window and my back is to the door so I feel very unsecure and also the sun has a lot of energy which is good I want to benefit from the energy from the Sun but it's burning me as they say in like funu terms it's like burning me it's too much and I am unprotected so the command position is the optimal sitting Arrangement where I can see everything I can see any Intruders or people coming and I can also see out the window and ideally my back is supported by something strong like a wall so this is like the command position in funu the idea is if I'm supported I'm grounded I'm also gaining energy and ideas through the Sun and I'm protected because I can see anything coming this way but this is where it gets complicated I cannot be sitting right in front of the door because imagine this is like just a Channel of energy going this way as well it's too strong it's too much so I need to be sitting here according to funu this is going to be a very new sitting situation for me I've never sat with my back against the wall I've always had nothing behind my back I remember in my first studio in my parents room I was facing a wall and that felt very stagnant and then I kind of did a 18 180 I started facing directly against the windows but like my eyes are kind of suffering from looking directly in a window all the time so I think this will be a good change without further Ado let's get to rearranging you never come clean and you never come [Music] through do like I changed sweaters because the other one got annoying but it's still the same day I moved the secretary desk and now I'm going to move this desk over here to do you never come clean and you never all right you guys after about an hour of rearranging here is what the studio looks like I feel like a school principal I feel like a proper person in power and it's actually crazy how much Cozier I feel now that my back is against the wall and I can see directly into the kitchen I was so worried about how I wouldn't be fac in the window anymore but because this room doesn't even face the sun anyway it doesn't make that big of a difference and the windows are so big that I'm still getting sunlight towards my face which is really really nice and what I really enjoy is all the New Perspectives that I can get for my Vlogs like I can imagine myself filming from this perspective or from above myself as well and I can safely say I'm in the command position before we move on to the next step in the process I want to take a moment to thank our sponsor which is Shopify because speaking of feeling more secure in our position nothing has made me feel more secure in my business like having control over my own shop and that's where Shopify comes in Shopify is a Commerce platform that helps you start grow and manage a business much like how I'm redecorating my office right now Shopify is so easily customizable you don't have to come in with any graphic design or coding knowledge it's just drag and drop I also love how they can integrate so well with any platform platform so for example I sell directly through my website but I'm also able to sell directly through Instagram so I actually get a ton of sales from just tagging my products on Instagram Shopify makes shipping so much easier I've been purchasing all of my shipping labels through them but you're not just limited to online sales I know a ton of other Crafters who love selling in person and Shopify can help you do that as well that on top of all of their marketing tools different Integrations just different ways to grow your business and customize your store is just chef's kiss I love Shopify all of my business friends use Shopify it's truly an amazing tool I know a lot of you guys are looking to start your small business this year and I highly recommend Shopify you can use this QR code here for a free trial or go to shopify.com uncomfy and thank you so much Shopify for sponsoring this video okay so I just took a few minutes to do some cable management and I think it looks much better now because that was sort of the one thing that worried me about switch to the setup was that immediately when you walk in all of my cords and wires would be on display but I think I did a pretty good job with what I was giving basically what I did was I finally brought out this Cable Management thing that I got from Staples and inside of here is a big roll of Velcro so I was able to just take some normal scissors and cut different pieces of Velcro so wherever the wires looked really loose or crazy I was able to just tie them together like this okay yeah that's good enough for me all right so now that we have achieved the command position it's time to move on to point two which is decluttering now decluttering to clear stagnant energy is something that I've always believed in you know you run a business you post content you accumulate a lot of stuff and sometimes a lot of it is junk especially as a creative person I tend to hold on to a lot of art supplies and just random scraps of things that I use for a project and I think it's going to be useful for the next but honestly a lot of things can go they can be given away donated or just thrown away I meant to do this when we first moved in like declutter all my studio stuff but I just never found the time to do it so now it's finally time to unpack all of that bad energy and relinquish it there really is no Rhyme or Reason to any of these piles I think you'll learned that I'm not a very methodical person in the way that I do things so I think what I'm just going to do is clear out all the shelves and the drawers bring it all out here and then Marie condo it if it brings me joy if it has a purpose I'm keeping it if it doesn't bring me joy if it's not an immediate yes I am going to get rid of it [Applause] hello welcome it's the next day I think I spent two or 3 hours straight just sifting through all my stuff I feel like it's a big improvement from where we started yesterday let me give you a tour so these are all the things that I determined bring me joy I felt like it'd be a bigger pile than this but it's actually quite small out of all of these things this is the box that brings me the most joy and it's because it's filled with all of the letters and gifts that you guys have given me through my PO box box originally all of these letters were just strown about everywhere throughout my studio but I finally managed to organize them all of the fan mail all of the little knick-knacks that I've accumulated over the years of being on YouTube and sharing my life with you guys a lot of these pieces are handmade like this is just really cool to me but I want to be able to preserve them so they're tucked safely away in here I might have to get a bigger box soon which is so so crazy but yeah this is my my special little box okay let's get back to working no matter how much time goes by love for hi friends so it's been a couple days and after taking out all of the stagnant energy through decluttering the last piece of this puzzle is to add some warmth and good energy back into the space I just finished placing everything in the way that I really love and enjoy and I'm excited to share them with you so the first thing that I knew I really wanted to do was to add more light in this room obviously we have these gigantic windows but at night time I really needed to add something here in this corner I knew I really wanted a floor lamp and I knew I really wanted it to be a paper lantern so this was the perfect fit I put this together a couple days ago and I love her she's so so cute I also of course have these two Globe lamps from Ikea this one I changed the placement a little bit usually it's right here and since the oven is rarely used I thought there'd be no harm in putting it on top of this but of course I will move the lamp whenever I put the oven to use I was also trying to think of a way to utilize this mirror the function of mirrors in funct is to expand and add energy so typically you would place a mirror in like a dining room or in a corner that feels rather stale and I think this does just the trick the placement is a little awkward I will say this mirror is just an awkward thing in general it's from my parents it's super old C and super heavy I don't trust myself to hang this but it was still important for me to have it in my space and use it I added these plants above me and then of course I finally hung up my YouTube plaque makes me so so proud and happy and definitely brings the Vibes up so after about a full week of rearranging things and decluttering I think it's safe to say that the studio is done for the most part I still want to do a couple other things but the funu makeover part of it is done at least I'm really really happy with this I feel oddly Serene maybe it's the work of this paper lamp I don't know I wanted to give some closing thoughts because I have been working in this space for about a week now and as I've been filming this video I've been editing it here and it just feels so good to be in here I keep saying this but I'm so happy that I did this I know a lot of you guys are probably going to miss my old desk setup you know with my desk up against the windows I'm going to miss it too it was so pretty but more than the Aesthetics of a Place more than how it looks what's most important is how you feel in a space and I think that's what funu is all about so I hope you guys enjoyed this video I'm so excited for everything that I'm going to create in this room now let me know what you think down in the comments and thank you so so much for watching I'll see you very very soon bye cleaning her shoe when it clicked on the trout over in the Bright Morning Dew we brushed and we braided Dandy lions and

  Top Comments:
  1. @shewalkscreator [5 likes]: Changes are (almost) always for the better and the studio looks so much better and cozy! 💛 so lucky you have so much natural light 💫
  2. @warmyellowshade [2 likes]: You can feel your energy increase as you moved things around. Glad you found your productive position! I think I need to do a major declutter. 🙋‍♀️✨
  3. @_xBrokenxDreamsx_ [1 likes]: i'm a proponent of chángshì (common sense).  you're just gonna have to accept that small rooms are depressing and draining and that your artist's studio has to occupy the largest available area (supporting and stimulating).
  4. @dominikagallery [1 likes]: Tammy your videos are soo calming to watch ❤
  5. @BraydenHayter: Tammy, I have so much anxiety about this small business thing but when I watch your videos I know I can do it. Thank you.
  6. @LilMil1-o7t: If you don’t mind me asking when should 8 record if my windows are facing north? Ps 
Love ur channel
  7. @mallorygray702: i need to do this SOO badly. my desk faces a wall. BUT i have a 49” curved monitor and two monitors on the side of that, would it be horrible to walk into a room and see the back of those? does anyone have any advice?
  8. @theb0p1: Thank you for this! First time on your channel and I thank googling feng shui office spaces and stumbling here. 

I’m currently working on reorganizing my office and studio and this really inspired me to get moving on that!! I hope to one day be a small business owner and start my own YouTube channel. Thank you again! (you have no idea how inspired and hopeful this made me feel) 💛
  9. @annalunakdraws: Love your new studio setup :)
  10. @I__moonlight__I: From a feng shui persprective the placement of the mirror isn't ideal - it should not face windows (or doors), so you don't lose positive energy from the sunlight. 

But overall such a wonderful transformation! Well done😯♥️👏
  11. @illegalalien6542: Feng Shui is nothing but a bunch of hippy dippy, spiritual nonsense. Thank god for science and reason.
  12. @MorganninFaith: I wouldn’t get rid of things based on if they give me joy. Doing hard jobs doesn’t give me joy but I wouldn’t just dump them. Life isn’t about only experiencing joy. Without storms we don’t grow for instance.
  13. @Khadija_abd: I very like your room (so cozy !)
  14. @samui3763: I have no idea about Feng Shui like what to do and arrangements. But I base things based on what I feel. I didn't realize it's kinda like Feng Shui. I like my back facing the wall. I like seeing the entire room, windows and the door. I feel less anxious that way cause I guess there's no blind spot for me.
  15. @markariesalde6031: Help! I’ve always wanted to know the ending song. 😢❤
  16. @mariaborden7: I am new to your channel, and I admire the transformation of the studio; it looks fantastic! The layout truly influences our feelings and energy. I’ve always believed in facing doors and windows, ensuring my perspective is open to the world, while remaining grounded with my back against a solid wall.I am new to your channel and I love what you did with the studio. I think it looks great! I agree with you that the layout of the space is so important on how it makes you feel. I have never been one sit with the my back towards the doors or windows. I have to be facing them or at least in view of them, but my back is alway,s facing a wall or an area that is not theItinsat with
  17. @virgoandthehermit: Yes!! I love Dearmodern! I can not stand my office/studio space, I have limited space and I’ve yet to find a comfortable set up, I always feel unorganized and uncomfortable. I didn’t ever think to implement feng shui even though I fully believe in it
  18. @7eff: gorgeous! really love the lovely setup. i also use to spend my time in the living room or at the kitchen table rather than in my office room T_T
  19. @svoyageur: I cry on every single video of how proud i am of you and how loving you are 🥺
  20. @teeebs90: This looks so beautiful!! BTW you are the reason I have decided to give art a second chance <3

- aesthetic small business studio makeover ✨📦  crafty home office, small biz studio space, wfh setup: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to my new small business studio. This is so exciting. I bet you're like, "But Monica, didn't you move into your new place like 6 months ago? How are you just now doing a small business studio makeover?" Well, where do I even begin with this story? I planned on running my small business out of this huge basement space. So, I immediately went right into painting the walls, researching furniture, but my plans were halted abruptly when we received our welcome home gift from the house, which was a broken main sewer pipe, which required immediate major restoration work of the entire basement. Yeah, I'm talking 30 ft of jackhammering, replacing all the flooring and the walls, and therefore running my small business out of a more confined space upstairs. Ooh, this is my favorite part when we had a little cute excavator demolish our lawn for some of the reconstruction. It was so cute and traumatizing. But alas, it is 6 months later. The basement is back and even better than before, actually. So, it is officially time. It's time to set up my small business studio of my dreams. Thank you for being here and I hope you enjoy. So, TLDDR, I don't even know how to TLDDR this story because so much went into it. But I guess long story short is I'm here now and I'm going to decorate my first ever dedicated small business studio. Let me give you empty studio tour. Let's do that. So, this is what it looks like when you walk into my small business section. I am thinking about putting up curtains just for some extra little bit of privacy from no one really, but I don't know. Could be cute right now. It's just a little opening. biggest difference. We got some drywall. We got some drywall up in here. And I know so many new construction terms that I did not know before this whole situation occurred. But drywall is basically the regular walls that you see in a home. So that's what this is. It used to be OSB if you remember. I like this so much better. We picked out this like house white color. Second major difference is I now have a window with natural light coming through. Obviously, it's just a basement window, but it's something because look at this. Look when I turn off the light. Before it was pitch black and now we got a little bit of light. Honestly, even with that little bit of a window, you can see me and it's kind of cute. And I think this is the best thing to come out of this whole situation. Like the fact that I have a window now. Honestly, I'll even leave the light off while I show you this. But if you remember this corner, we'll discuss the laundry in a second. This corner used to be kind of strange. Like it used to not be like a right angle corner. It used to go in and have this little like nook. And I was thinking about putting like packaging things there. It was like an awkwardly small nook, so I couldn't really do too much in there, but I could store things in there. That nook went out to over here, which made the laundry space a little bit smaller. So, this whole Oh my gosh, look at that golden glow of my tripod. This whole corner space used to be closed off cuz it used to be part of this room. And then the laundry was kind of tight, but now we decided to add the wall like, you know, that that way. And so now there's a ton of laundry space here. I'll show you. I'll show you the laundry room just cuz it's kind of part of it. So, I mean, the only OSB left that is visible is back here with the laundry. And yeah, we added a sink. We got I don't know, it just looks so much better. And then even we have a gym room in here. This is kind of a spoiler. I want to do a whole like, you know, basement makeover video, but this is the gym. We painted it black. It's also drywall. I like the color of the flooring a lot better than before. It's a lot warmer, and I think it just matches my vibe a lot better. That being said, some of my plans that I originally had for this space have changed in such like a positive way cuz now I have this regular corner here. The walls make the space a lot brighter. So that kind of influenced me to change up the furniture that I originally picked up or picked out. I actually thankfully did not buy too much for this space yet because all of the kitacheries happened really a week and a half after we moved in. So sucked. But also thank goodness I didn't buy a bunch of stuff and it got ruined with like the water damage and whatever. starting off on a fresh slate and okay, crossing my fingers that that was the last big thing we have to deal with in the first year of owning the home. We made sure plumbing was good. We made sure waterproofing was good. We made sure the water heater is good. I have high hopes for down here. There is a good amount of echo because there's nothing in this space yet. Everything is kind of piled up in a mountain in the other room in the basement just so the guys could do all the work here. And they did such a great job. And I'm in disbelief that they literally looked at the space and they were like, "Oh yeah, we know what needs to be done. We'll do it." I'm like, "Oh my gosh, I could never I could never be in construction." I feel like they don't get enough credit. Anyway, let's do it. Let's go make a make a little small business studio. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. stop filming cuz I got stressed as I do whenever I build IKEA furniture. However, I think I did it. I even used a drill and everything. Just going to add the last couple shelves as it will really stay. [Applause] I like game. Look at how bright it gets in here when the sun hits the window. Exactly. I am so shocked. I did not realize how opening up that window would change the way this room looks by so much. I'm so happy. In other news, all of the eyebrow shelves are up. And I'm really proud of myself for the work that I did on these. I do need to order one more shelf because this guy right here, it's like a long story, but I didn't realize these legs, like the vertical legs connect and you can have like four of these units attached to each other and it's not just like build one bookshelf and then build another bookshelf. Like they're sharing legs, you know what I mean? So, I was able to make a lot more of the frames than I thought I'd be able to make. And therefore, I now need more shelves, which is great because I was going to get more shelves anyway. I just wanted to start off with a few just to see how it would look and how many would fit. But I think having maybe a couple more on this one to have like smaller sections and then it's hard to like figure out where my hand is when I'm looking at the camera. Definitely at least one more shelf on this one that's missing one plus the brace that's missing. Oh, hello. Long time no chat. So, I have my desk in here. I think this might finally be the space where I can actually put the desk in the middle of the room and just like circle around it, have space on either end, like all four sides, and literally use it as a legit packing table, sewing table potentially, just like a nice surface in the middle of the room. It's the same exact desk from uh where is it from? Flexibot. It's the same exact one I had in my old room in Hoboken. It's huge. I'll get you the dimensions. I'm sure they probably still sell it. I got it at this point I want to say two years ago. It's my favorite. It's bamboo. It's like a nice golden color. Has white legs and it's a sanding desk so I can stand and pack orders, do whatever I need to do on it. And then, as you can see behind me, I got all of the IKEA Ivar shelves set up except for a few of the actual shelves. All of the legs are up. I'm going to have four of those units. I'm adding more shelves, though. So, like there's a big space there. I'm going to add a few more shelves. I picked them up from IKEA. I went to an IKEA in Philly. Apparently, I'm a Philly girl now. That feels like atrocious to go from pro New York City everything. And now I go into Philly or the Philly area more often than New York City nowadays. I feel feel conflicted about that. Anyway, I have my temporary foldup table here to mimic what my candle making station will look like because I want a dedicated candle making station. I put all my candle making stuff on here and I'm playing around with potentially just leaving this folding table here until I find the perfect candle making dedicated table. I kind of know which one I want. It's pricey, so I might need to wait a few months to go and purchase that. But this folding table works perfectly. It's ginormous. I got the biggest folding table you could possibly get from Amazon like 5 6 years ago when I first started doing markets. The rest of the room is in shambles with all of the boxes everywhere because I I just wanted to get everything in the room so that I can see what needs to be put away, what sort of storage solutions I would need based off what I'm seeing. I need to go to the Container Store. I might do that today. I also want to scour the internet for some other storage solutions. I thrifted a whole bunch of stuff. I also got a few like cute decor pieces from IKEA. So, right now is the setting up the little details portion of this makeover. I think it's about time we discuss the game plan when it comes to my small business studio downstairs in the basement. She said literally halfway through the video. We are running on some Chick-fil-A Cherry Coke today. It's Labor Day weekend and the goal is to finish up my small business studio this weekend. So, I have 3 days, a long weekend to work on this space. It's never going to be done done. I'm always going to continue to update it, especially with aesthetic tweaks and then functional tweaks as I learn how I use the space. However, I need to continue to run my business. So, I need it good enough so that I can actually go down there and pack orders, know where everything is, make candles, know where everything is for that, and then also conquer this space, which is now just my normal office for hobby related things, content creation related things. I have all of my fall decor just like on the ground right now. Even like fashion type stuff because I would love to start making more fashion videos. So off topic. Anyway, today's the day of like getting it together. Let's let's get it together. I did go to the hardware store this morning and got some more furring strips for my pegboard because I did have this amazing, beautiful pegboard in my old space and even in the space before that. It's my pride and joy really. I'm thinking about upgrading it and potentially painting it a nice pink or a nice green. Potentially adding some molding to it. But first and foremost, I I just need to get it up there. I'm going to go downstairs, clear everything up, put everything where it's supposed to be, plan out where I want the pegboard space, cuz there are a few options, and then go from there. I'm also debating if I want to bring this chair down into the basement because it seems like a small business like CEO girly kind of chair and this space I want to be a little bit more antiquey vintagey thrifted. This is like giving off modern vibes. So, I might bring downstairs cuz it might fit the vibes of that space better than what I'm going for up here. Let's just get into it. Also, I know I keep harping on this window situation, but I don't think you realize how crazy it is that I get light in here when I really did not think I would get any, and it illuminates just enough stuff. One thing I really want to make space for and make sure that I prioritize space for is boxes that I might receive from my suppliers or really anything. I get boxes in all the time of inventory and materials. And I want to be able to put these boxes somewhere before I have time to actually go and unbox them and put the materials where they're supposed to be. I think like up there could be good. Well, this is like candle stuff, so maybe I should put candle stuff with the other candle stuff. What is this? This is also candle stuff. Turns out I have a lot of candle stuff. Feels pretty solid. I wasn't going to show you this, but I think it's very realistic and potentially relatable. Look how cool this part of the basement looks. Okay, the air conditioning is going. That's what that noise is in the background. But this is where all of our stuff is. This is stuff that we don't need on a daily basis. Stuff that stayed in the basement and was just cramped in this corner while we had all of the work being done around the basement. So, this is small business stuff, but it wasn't like crazy necessary for me to have available up in my upstairs office. We have like my pegboard stuff. We have some spare candle vessels. Like I don't even know. Oh, this is like seasonal like candle molds. So, we got to sort through all this. Um, some of it's mine for my business, some of it's mine for my personal life, some of it's Josh's. Um, that's what we're getting through. And that's kind of where I'm finding all of this stuff that I'm putting into my downstairs office right now. Everything that I kind of had upstairs has already been taken down here. So, this is what I'm currently working through. Something that I know for sure I'm absolutely going to love is being able to see all of my inventory out at all times. This is definitely going to mean that I have to package everything up, which I already kind of do, but it's going to really encourage me to get all my candles packaged up into their boxes to unbox all of my inventory and put them up nicely on the shelves. Feel like it's also going to convince me to make more inventory because I love a good aesthetic room. And when there's more inventory on the shelves, it looks more aesthetic. There's more color, you know? I did just launch my matcha collection. So, I'm unboxing a whole bunch of matcha accessories that I got from my ceramic artist. I need to save all this packaging, though. And I kind of want to find a nice place to put all of my packaging. Maybe I'll get a really nice bin because right now I've been keeping everything in these cardboard boxes, but that's not that pretty, you know. But I want to keep all this paper and bubble wrap and stuff. Oh my gosh, it's absolutely freaking beautiful. I can't right now. Think I'll just put it up there. You can't even see. It's okay. It's the next day and I found these old boxes. is not old, but these previously used boxes from my last apartment. I used them for my call unit. Rap that Callex unit. But they fit perfectly on the Ivar shelf as well, especially at the top. The top looks really, really cluttered right now cuz I have a lot of like boxes and just like little things up there. So, I think by assembling these and putting all the little stuff into these bins will help. The laundry is going. That's that sound. Like, you know, I look like this. And I think that'll work. What should I put in here is the question. This is what we are working with on the final day of me trying to put this place together just to have it be ever so slightly usable. We got We got a lot to do. We got a lot to do. I literally don't know where to start. Maybe let's start with clearing off this table. How? By whatever means necessary. Packing videos are going to hit so hard when this is the view. All the inventory behind me, packaging supplies right there, printer right there, can right there. It's going to be incredible. Let's celebrate this situation by opening up a uh really nice note and a little package from another small business. This is from Maria. She wrote the nicest note. Thank you so much. And it's a bunch of planning products. The brand is called Crafty Planner. Oh, this is so cute. Look at that. And it's all 2026. So, I can actually already prep for next year. That's wild. Are you guys crooked? I don't know if that's better or not. These are cute. These little keychains. That's so cute. Bookmarks. Of course, adding to my stash of like 300 bookmarks that you guys send me. I love it. Stickers. Could always use more notepads. Oh, this one's a fall one. I'm going to leave this out so that I can use it. This one's more floral. Ooh, this a thick planner. Everything planner 2026. This is incredible. A list of my dreams. A list of books to read. Manifesting an actual like calendar. And then each day, oh my gosh. A monthly tracker. This is so cool. Wow. This is actually a little bit of a spoiler cuz I have something in the works for productivity, new year, stationery related stuff. I'm really excited about it. But thank you so much, Crafty Planner, Maria. Strike. Welcome to the first ever Monica's Collective headquarters, aka my brand new small business studio. It's time for the grand tour. So, I thought I'd start off by giving you a little bit of context as to where we are in this basement. To my left, we have the set of stairs that bring you downstairs into the basement from the main floor. And the stairs lead to this carpeted area of the basement, which is ginormous. and fun for activities. You're standing in a doorway which leads to the rest of the basement. This is where we have the laundry stuff, the gym, storage, and my small business studio. This truly is the largest basement known to man for some reason. It's basically just a whole floor of the home. This is the gym area where we're going to set up all of our gym equipment and things of that nature. But for right now, we're using it as a lot of storage and unpacked moving boxes. And then if we walk even deeper into the basement, we have this other section that is going to be actual storage stuff. So we have these bins set up. This is where we're going to keep some of the dirty things like maybe I don't know, bikes, overflow from the garage, beach equipment, just stuff we don't need to touch all the time. And then coming back all the way where we originally were. When you entered through the doorway after the carpeted area, it leads to this laundry situation. We opened this up so much and now there's like a whole wall with room for activities. I'm thinking like shelves, laundry stuff. But all of that to say that when you turn this way finally, you can then enter my small business studio. So right when you walk in, we have this open open passageway. I am thinking about potentially covering it up with really pretty curtains, but I want to thrift the curtains and I haven't found the perfect curtains yet. So we have it open for right now. I love that it's a big passageway so that I can easily take all of my packages in here from my manufacturers. Moving on to my favorite part of my small business studio, probably the Ivar shelf wall. So, this is where I have literally pretty much everything related to my small business. I'm talking inventory supplies, little knickknacks, backup things, storage things. I'm still kind of in the works of how I want to organize everything, but like we said, this video is just to get my business back up and running from a new studio space. We'll do all the pretty things and the little bit more functional things later. On this first shelf, I have a lot of my packing supplies. I actually have packing boxes down at the bottom, some of my paper goods, like sticker paper, regular printer paper. I have my label printer. And then kind of randomly, I have my fabric that is for my fall collection. I kind of wanted this to be visible in this corner cuz I'm also thinking contentwise, guys, like where I'm going to film things. And I imagine this corner kind of to be a content corner once I put things up on this wall. So, this is going to be visible, the shelf specifically. And I thought it'd be pretty to display some of my fall fabric. We'll see how that works functionally cuz then right above that, we go right back into packaging stuff. And it's all of my pink tissue paper, my regular packing paper. This is like a bin full of like all my really important stuff that I always tend to lose, but I need them every single day. Business cards, fragile stickers for my candles, a tape measure, things of that nature. A pen, and then above that, on the very top shelf, this is the same all along all the IAR shelves. I just have a lot of storage that I don't need to use on the day-to-day. So, that's spare thank you cards, spare like, I don't know, blades for my rotary cutter. I buy a lot of things in bulk in order to make the price of the thing lower. And also just cuz I constantly need to be using things and I hate running out. So that's where I keep a lot of the stuff that I already have one of those things down here easily accessible. So I just put the rest up there. All of those bins are from IKEA. And I forgot what they're called, but I will link everything that I'm talking about in the description. I had them at my old apartment and they fit perfectly in the calllex unit which are those square shelves and they also fit really well here with the IAR unit. Moving on to the second set of shelves. At the very bottom I have my printer and my Cricut. Not that pretty, especially the printer. So that's why I put it down at the bottom cuz I'm like, we don't need to see you all the time, but we do need you every day. So let's keep you easily accessible. And then right above that, I have my brand new matcha collection. These are all ceramics that my ceramic artist sent me. I need to actually pack them all up today or tomorrow. And that means this whole shelf is going to be empty cuz I did sell out. Up here, I have some miscellaneous things, but I decided to use my hay crates because they're so pretty. I don't think I'm ever going to not use hay crates. I've had some of these for years and years, like five, six years. And then some of these other ones I got just last year for Bryant Park. They were just sitting in moving boxes, so I figured I might as well use them for storage. So, there's little things like thread, elastic, my sewing machine, accessories, and then I kind of want to just decorate this space every season. Now, I have this little like fall bin thing. I could throw stuff in there if I so wish. Again, this is a work in progress. Okay, right above that, I have my pouches. I'm definitely going to need more space for pouches. So, this might also be pouches, TBD, though, because this is all from the summer collection. I'm in the process of making my fall collection stuff. Ideally, all of the stuff would be sold by now, but I do still sell products where I don't turn them out as quickly. So, I would love to have like more sections for handsewn goods storage. We'll figure that out once that time comes. Moving on to this section. This I want to be just two shelves of candle inventory. So, I currently don't have that much candle inventory like boxed up, which means they look like this. A lot of my candles that I have pre-made are still in like cardboard boxes under that table, which we'll get to. But ideally, I would have them all packed up and ready to go to be shipped off to customers on these two shelves. And I think that looks so pretty and also just be so convenient for me. I have some more candle packaging supplies on this smaller shelf. And then down at the bottom, I have these plastic bins that I got at the Container Store. And it stores just a couple of scrunchies that I have left and a couple of the mini pouches I have left. But ideally, this will store all of my like little pieces of inventory. I imagine one day I'm going to need even more space for these plastic bins. But for right now, this works. And then the very last one, this I I'm almost definite. I want to change, but again, it works for now. This has pretty much all of my fragrances for my candles. Candle making supplies take up a lot of space, so I wanted a whole corner dedicated to candle making. And that corner kind of ended up expanding onto the Ivar shelves. So, I have all of my big jugs of fragrances, another shelf of big jugs of fragrances, some smaller jugs of fragrances, and then down at the bottom is like storage of fragrances I don't necessarily use all the time, but I get a lot of trialsiz candles and I don't want to throw them away because there's a chance I still might want to use that trial size scent or want to refer back to it at another time. Even though, you know, in the moment I know I'm not going to want to go with it, like maybe in the future I want to use it. So, it's just a lot of like backstock of candle making stuff. Moving on to this corner. This is my junk my junk corner if you know me. I mean, honestly, maybe this is a universal thing. Maybe it's just a thing for me. I don't know. I always need a junk corner. I don't care how nice the space is. I don't care how few things are in the space. I need a junk corner. I will find junk to put in the corner. So, I'm I'm looking at like I don't know, some spare like reusable bags. I have a package I need to ship out to my sister. Couple extra tripods. There are a couple things here that actually need to be hung up on the walls, like a yard stick. I don't know. So, that's what that is right now. And as you can see, that leads us to another fun wall, the candle making station. Tada. So, I don't know if this is kind of tough to see because it is back lit with the window right there, but I do have a folding table set up with a thrifted tablecloth on top just to make it a little prettier because this folding table is like TBD if I'm going to actually keep it. I'm playing around with the possibility of using one of my vertical ledge displays, one of the kiosks as my candle making station because I don't need all of this desk space to make candles anymore because of that guy. that guy right there. We'll get to him in a second. But basically, for now, what I keep on this table are my wax melter, my industrial wax melter. I have this silicone mat that I found randomly in a moving box. I have not used it since I think I first bought it 2 years ago, but I'm glad I found it because silicone is great for when working with candle materials cuz the stuff doesn't stick to it or it's easy to like pop the wax off if you accidentally spill wax on it. I have a little notebook here that I designed for myself just to like write down any notes. Sometimes I like to like change up fragrance ratios and things like that. This I got from the thrift store, but it is originally from IKEA and it's just a like a a stand that keeps things upright. As you can see here, I have a package that needs to be sent out over there. I do have a sneak peek of a brand new product right here. And then I have the normal candle making setup. So these are my crates. They're all hay crates. And these are the first like four crates that I bought from them. And they've been holding up for such a long time. These are filled with extra candle supplies like wicks, wick stickers, wick clips, some random sample candles down here for product photography. And then the reason I like stack them is because at the top I put one of the jugs right here so that the spout thingy can pour the wax into the jug. What's gamechanging about this corner is this guy right here. This is from Uline. It's their baking pan um rolling thing. I don't actually know the name of it, but this is meant intentionally for an industrial kitchen where they would bake cookies or cupcakes or anything really. And they want to set all of their yummy products out to dry or to cool down or just to set or to like store. That's what these baking pans are. I didn't unwrap them yet. That's why they're looking like that. But they slide into these slots. Now, I bet you're like, Monica, why do you even need that? Why Why do you need that? You don't make cookies. I'm going to put my candles on it. My main issue with making candles is that I use up so much table space and desk space and any sort of flat surface. I will put the drying candles on because I just run out of space cuz you can't stack candles because they're hot and filled with liquid. They each need their own little bit of surface area. So, this will help me condense my candle making situation. I'm so happy I thought of that idea. I haven't actually used it yet, so we'll see how that goes once I actually use it in practice, but it sounds like such a good idea. And it got delivered like exactly as you see it right now, except the pans were taken off and put in a cardboard box. I didn't have to assemble it at all. So, that's good. Also, in this corner, for now, I'm leaving my pegboard because moving on to this wall right here. I just I I don't know what to do with this wall yet. you know, everything that I would possibly need is on that wall right there with the Ivar shelves. And then, as you can see in front of me, I have my standing desk, which is ginormous. It's from Flexispot, and I've had it for the past 2 years now. I love it so much. It's like a beautiful bamboo. And then I have this cutting mat on top for sewing. I have my sewing machine under the table right now just to like keep it neat because I am about to make candles right now. I'm going to use this table for some candle prep probably. Wait, no I'm not. I'm going to use that table. Keep forgetting I have a dedicated candle making station. But anyway, I was going to put my pegboard up here, but this is a shorter wall cuz I am in a basement, so the ceilings are a little lower. So, I'm like, if I put my pegboard up, which is pretty tall, it would end like down here, which is kind of awkward. Like, I don't want things hanging off of pegs down here. I could cut it in half and just have the pegboard up here. But then I'm like, after I put the pegboard up, what am I going to put under it? So, this is a TV wall. With that being said, I put a pretty light from IKEA and my uh dress form who's decorated in fall attire right now, just to make this space look not as bare. And then real quick, just to give you a better view of what the table looks like, this is what it looks like. I can circle every single which way around this table. And as a seist, that is gamechanging because when I'm cutting out fabric, when I'm throwing things every which way, like, it's so nice to be able to do a full 360 around this table. Not to mention packing orders. When I pack orders, this is going to be your view. And I'm going to have this whole space to pack things. I'm just going to like grab the inventory, grab the box, pack it up, and then move the box somewhere else. And then I have all this space again. It's lots of exciting stuff, guys. The last thing I want to mention is that lighting in here I am working on. Like it looks great when I look this way because the natural light window is in front of me, but obviously I have the overhead light which isn't the best. But I do want to say at this time of day it is around 400 p.m. It looks amazing in just the natural light. It's like actually perfect. And I don't think I even need the light on. Maybe for some cozy vibes, I'll add like another lamp over there just to illuminate that section. I obviously have that lamp there. I could do another one in the junk corner. If you have any lighting ideas, let me know. The best part about having a small window that it it does give direct sunlight right there actually, but only for like 2 hours of the day. The best part about like being in the basement now is that I don't have to worry about my stuff getting sun damage or overheating. Especially my candles. I would always have to worry about that cuz I would be in a sunny room upstairs and just have to hide my candles. Like I would throw them in the closet. I would like cover them with a bunch of spare fabric just so that they wouldn't overheat and so that the sun didn't like do any damage to the candles. But then my fabric would get sun damaged cuz there are certain fabrics where you can't keep them in direct sunlight for too long otherwise the color fades or changes color or whatever. So, as much as I love a nice sunny natural light room, I'm so happy that my upstairs office is going to be my natural light room for doing all my personal crafts and content creation, editing, and my personal office space. And this space will be the perfect place for my small business to live and thrive. Other things I'm thinking of are potentially getting a rug in here because it is still a little bit echoey and I think it could be fun to add a cute rug, but I haven't found one that spoke to me yet. So, haven't done that. Obviously, I need to do that entire wall, organize the eyebrow shells behind me. And then there are a few like really fun things I want to get, but low key, furnishing a room, expensive, expensive stuff. Like these eyebrow shells, they were the most affordable option, but they were still a pretty penny. Same with my little the candle um baking tray rolling cart situation. That was expensive. On top of me not fully knowing how I'm going to use the space entirely yet, I want to be able to like live in it, see what I need, see what I don't need, and have it evolve as my small business evolves. I'm going to make some candles now and pack orders and have a grand old rest of the day in my little my little Monica's collective headquarters. Let me know what your favorite part is of my new studio. I can't wait to do so many vlogs in here. Thank you for being here. Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next one. Bye. No china. You know,

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChantelleArts [4 likes]: Glad you were able to get all of the basement issues sorted, you really are creating the most amazing house 🥰
  2. @TurnThePage_Tay: This whole video is the definition of “I’m just a girl trying to figure it out”😂 
As a fellow Philly girl WELCOME! 🤗
  3. @nabi5864: Awesome! I rent a 750sqft wareHouse at one of those Shared space and it's been perfect!
  4. @GraceStrongCoDesignsEtsy: Love love this video!
  5. @lawrenberghanson4401: Congrats on building up your studio space. Honestly, I am surprised you didn't paint the room a more brilliant color or at least one wall maybe opposite the window so the color bounces around when light shines through.  
I would recommend against the curtain door just because of trap scents.  Even though your candles smell lovely, all the aroma will be trapped in the curtains to the point it becomes a permanent fixture regardless of washing. (remembering a trip to the wool section of Mood).  Maybe a bead/gem curtain to keep the lightness I think you are going for with the fabric curtains.
  6. @SeattleTrainer: Idea for lighting: fairy lights on the Ivar shelves. I noticed you have an outlet on the wall on upper left side of the shelves so it would be easy to plug in lights. Draping some adorable fairy lights along the top shelf of your Ivar storage would not only be super cute but would make a good background for filming and spread out the light in a soft, diffused way
  7. @SeattleTrainer: Yes! Beautiful aesthetic curtains would be amazing! And if you had solid curtains covered by sparkly sheer curtains it would be extra cute 😍 And would help muffle the noise of laundry while you are filming
  8. @Haberdasherheather: 💚 Congratulations
  9. @xyngchic: If you have a TJ Maxx or something close, grab a clearance rug….because wax is vicious and will go everywhere
  10. @xyngchic: I use a bakers rack as well. It’s a game changer, trust me
  11. @xyngchic: ‘RIP’ to the Kallie unit. lol. I seriously didn’t know how messed up that shelving unit was until you pointed it out in the moving video. lol
  12. @xyngchic: ‘RIP’ to the Kallie unit. lol. I seriously didn’t know how messed up that shelving unit was until you pointed it out in the moving video. Lol
  13. @xyngchic: Luv the new studio. For your pouring table, seek out a stainless steel table. I purchased mine on marketplace from a restaurant that was closing.
  14. @圣光治愈祈祷: OMG I love the vibes in here! So cozy and organized, goals! 😍✨
  15. @cjrwilson2829: I'm really glad you are finally able to move into your work space.  There is another maker, Victoria Danielle, that I follow who has a similar space (without the 3rd usable wall).  Her set up may be something for you to check out as it appers to be quite functional.  She has the wall of shelving for her inventory and supplies, work table with shelf in the middle of the space, and on the other side, space for packaging orders, computer +.  She continues to work on her space as well.  I was wondering if the wall opposite from your shelving is deep enough for the shelving to be flush with the end of the wall entrance.  I ask this as the wall where the shelving is now is deep and has the potential to have a L or U shape set up for counter space (with additional shelving underneath or taller units if needed) as you label/pack candles, for a shipping area, and any other work space you may need.  This may be where your large pegboard could go as well.  Just some thoughts from another Cap wishing your continued success.
  16. @vickipatridge5094: Congratulations on getting your own space in the basement for your studio.  It’s looking really great.
  17. @KarlaShavers: I want to know.... Are you doing Bryant Park this year??
  18. @michelejarrell4851: Anyone know where the shelves came from?
  19. @littledovescraft: You're such an inspiration and hopefully one day ill also have a dedicated room for small business things :)
  20. @beautyqueenantoinettejohn4951: Congratulation, Monica, love your new house it’s so beautiful,

- How to TRANSFORM Your Bedroom into a YouTube Studio: Kind: captions Language: en as a YouTuber your studio is your first impression but as a beginner it can be difficult to make it look professional but with these four tips you can make sure that your first impression brings your viewers back for more what's up guys I'm Kyle and in this video I'll be showing you guys the four and a half things I do to change my boring old bedroom into a studio space that's got my channel over 60,000 views in the last 90 days the space that you create content in doesn't have to be elaborate or expensive but it does have a major effect on how people perceive you and your content so it's important to make sure that it looks and sounds its best you can affect views subscribers branding monetization and even audio quality so my first tip and the thing I do before every single video that I make is clean up like many of you my bedroom is my studio so inevitably things get messy but having a clean and organized space lets the viewer focus on what's important you it will keep them from having to fight the urge to look over at the pile of dirty laundry in the background most of the time I just push stuff behind the bed or behind the camera but there's also a trick you can use for those things that you just can't move you can take a screenshot of your video put it into Photoshop use generative AI to get rid of that object and then export an overlay and just put it on top of your video to get rid of it completely I'll make a separate video about how to do that later on the next thing I do is put my camera in the closet like for real it's in the closet right now background separation and clean audio are two telltale signs of a credible YouTube channel now most people think that comes from expensive gear and that's partially true but the same thing can be achieved completely for free for example my room is not that big so it's difficult to get a really blurry background and the Acoustics aren't the best best but putting your camera in your closet is a great trick that I found that fixes both of these issues first off this pushes the camera as far back as possible letting me move up and create space between myself and the background and as we all know the further away their subject is from the background the more blurry it'll be secondly instead of talking straight into a wall and having my voice bounce right back into the mic I'm talking into a wall of clothes that are soft and reduce the Echo and rebirth in the room they're like expensive acoustic panels that you can wear now the last two tips have to do with lighting I've personally found lighting to be the biggest Difference Maker when it comes to the visuals of my videos lenses and Camera bodies can only do so much whereas lighting can literally change the way people perceive you bad lighting shows you're an amateur you don't really know what you're doing and whatever you're talking about probably won't have any value whereas good lighting can signal to viewers that you know what you're talking about and have invested time not only into your craft but also into the video that they're watching the best way to start this process is to turn off your overhead lights overhead lights are the death of cinematic content the reason for this is the same as why photographers never shoot in midday Sun small light sources positioned directly above the subject creates weird and unflattering Shadows on the face it also gives a nice Blank Slate for us to work with so turn them off but that means you got to get yourself a light I'm actually using the very first video light I ever bought right now for this shot it's just a generic $35 fold up soft box that I got from Amazon that has a fluorescent light bulb inside of it no dimmer no temperature changes just on and off and it works great but for those of you guys with a slightly bigger budget I definitely recommend getting a cheap cob light like the amaran 60 CD or the zun molus X100 and putting a softbox or Lantern attachment onto it regardless of what you get positioning is key so this is how I set mine up I always have the light position slightly above me pointing down towards my face then depending on how dramatic of a look I want I could have it either right in front of me slightly offset or very offset I personally like it angled about 45° from center now that you have your key light you're going to need some background light and some fill light as well so my final tip is to just use lamps I have two lamps in my room I spent $20 on Facebook Marketplace for this one and then like 50 at Ikea for this one just cuz I liked it and then bonus tip inside of those lamps I'm using these goie smart light bulbs so I have control over the brightness and color of each of them and then inside the app you can actually create presets for them and you can add a widget to your home screen with those presets so you can set up your background Lighting in just one tap if you use all five of these tips I guarantee the quality of your videos will improve drastically but if you're more interested in camera gear rather than boring old lighting check out this video where I talk about the most Le on camera when it comes to YouTube and content creation or this one where I compare budget wireless microphones to the more expensive DJI mic 2 thanks for watching subscribe for more content from me in the future and I'll see you guys in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @egor.berezhnoy [3 likes]: Don't quit the channel, your videos are interesting to watch!
  2. @raulgolfs [2 likes]: Bro, you got me pumped to set up my small spare bedroom as a new studio. Appreciate this vid man keep up the good work.
  3. @Sidreallife [1 likes]: appreciate the ideas. will implement those.
  4. @AllanGildea [1 likes]: Excellent. Thank you.
  5. @jackmulkerrin5637: your room aint that big? brother be grateful, that room is big enough.
  6. @vilenoire: i loved this! the vibe, clean/professional setting and how well the dialogue was delivered all while being a shorter video (i subscribed lol)
  7. @Andy-Cortina: I can use a phone right?
  8. @AceYourMindset-k3r: ❤❤❤
  9. @StudioTech14: Thanks for the video! It really helps.
  10. @pixelpartygames: Nailed it dude. I am stoked to have found your channel
  11. @okeowoifeoluwa_: Wow, thank you.
  12. @SeboleloTheEstateAgent: Thanks Kyle
  13. @CrimesAgainstComfort: The gen ai trick is SMART
  14. @komenzmusic1342: Great video. Thanks
  15. @owenrexx: I appreciate these tips man, really helpful
  16. @NirajNaveen-l9z: Your room is bigger than mine btw good tips
  17. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, random question:
How do you deal with background + sound when you’re recording in a small or shared space?
I’m researching this problem and your setup made me curious.
  18. @egor.berezhnoy: Thank you! I'll use these tips in my next video :)
  19. @LewisThompsonMilne: "experience acoustic panels that you can wear" has to be one of the best things I've heard in 2025. Nailed it!
  20. @BryanMcPherson: Super helpful video. Many thanks

- 15 Filmmaking and Content Creation Accessories Everyone Can Use: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about gear, but not just any gear. Specifically, gear that I think every content creator, filmmaker, aspiring freelancer can use. Some things I wish I bought sooner and some honest opinions about gear that I might not have needed to purchase at the time. All the gear today will be linked in the description box below. And those links do support the channel. But any money I make from those links, I pay forward to help small businesses with free or discounted content services. But without wasting any of your time, let's get into it. So, the first piece of gear that I think every content creator, filmmaker, even if you just own a camera, should be is a camera cage. Overall, cages are pretty inexpensive. And they do a bunch of different things. So, you get all these mount points all around the camera for other gear, and they add a fair amount of protection because it is a metal frame. This is easily the best $20 I've ever spent on gear. This is a magic arm from Small Rig with the clamp. This is an adjustable friction arm, and you can change the angle so you can mount it on pretty much anything. I've mounted cameras to these, lights, microphones, you name it. Pretty much any photography accessory can mount to these. They come in a bunch of different shapes and sizes, and there's a bunch of different brands that will make them, too. Like, this is one that's specifically for a monitor. But my favorite is definitely the small rig for the price and the value that you get from it. Now, something I didn't think I needed last year was a Vmount battery, but this has easily become one of my favorite camera accessories. These are a little bit more expensive, but they provide so much value and so much power for your rig. This one from Small Rig is the 99 Pro, and this is the largest battery that you can travel with. And with this, I can run a monitor and my camera for a full day of shooting. That way, I don't have to continue to swap out these Sony batteries. If you're new here, hey, I'm Dom. I'm a freelance creative based out of Minneapolis, Minnesota, and this is a new channel focused around all things photo and video, and what it's like to run a small creative production studio in 2025. So, if you're into that kind of stuff, I'd love to have you as part of this community. If you're not new here, welcome back to my fourth YouTube video. And one of the most important pieces of gear that you can own as a freelancer is good sounding audio. Now, over the years, I've purchased a bunch of microphones, but if I could do it again, I would just buy two. And the first being the DJI Mic 2 set. This is easily one of my favorite purchases of last year. Now, a few things about these mics. The case is phenomenal, and when you open it, you get this little LED display showing you how much battery each device has. The microphones themselves can record in 32-bit float and they can actually record directly to the unit. And if you press the power button once after it's powered on, you can swap between noise cancellation modes. And if you're shooting on an iPhone, it actually comes with this little USBC adapter. So you can plug it directly into the bottom of your iPhone and then you can use one of these or two of these as a microphone. And if you're a Sony shooter, it gets even better because DJI sells this little tiny mic adapter that interfaces directly with the hot shoe of the camera. So you can plug the hot shoe adapter in. Then you can slide the receiver directly on the top and this will get rid of all the cables that are running around your camera. And then the second microphone I would recommend is a good quality shotgun mic. This is one that plugs directly into the 3.5 mm jack. Well, my favorite is the MK600. One thing with audio is if you invest in a good microphone, it's going to last you a very long time. Now, another piece of gear that I think is super underrated are external hard drives. Now, if you're shooting a ton, this is incredibly important because the hard drive on your computer will fill up incredibly fast. I like these Samsung T7 drives. They have a nice rubber exterior and they come in a bunch of different sizes and they're pretty inexpensive all things considered. One thing that is important when you're editing off of a hard drive is making sure it has a fast transfer rate and the transfer rate on these is like a,000 megabytes per second. So, it's fast enough for pretty much anything I could need. Now, one of the pieces of gear that I almost wish I didn't purchase at the time would be my Ninja Ultra. And not because it's a bad monitor. The monitor is fantastic, but at the time of purchasing it, I really didn't utilize all of its features. As I've grown as a filmmaker and freelancer, having a highquality monitor and external recorder has proved to be pretty useful. And a good quality monitor is one of those things that it is okay to invest in because it will last you a very long time. One thing I wish the Ninja Ultra had was touch tracking. And that's a feature I find myself grabbing my iPad for because it has the ability to do touch tracking. Like in this video, I've been able to touch track either my hand or the product to make sure it's all in focus. This app is Monitor Plus. And if you already have an iPad or an iPhone, the app itself is free, but if you want some of the more advanced features like adding a L, it's only like $20. Now, one of the cheapest things that I purchased last year that made the biggest impact on the quality of my footage would be filters. And you can get filters at pretty much every price. Like these filters are cheap filters from Amazon. This is the KN&F concept. And this is a newer filter. And I think anyone who has a camera should have at least a mist filter and one variable ND filter. An ND filter is essentially sunglasses for your camera so you can continue to film at cinematic settings. And a mist filter gives you that cinematic glow, especially around bright lights. You can get filters at pretty much any price point. Like the cheap ones from Amazon start at probably around $30. I have a Polar Pro set. Uh this is a little bit more expensive. This is a magnetic filter set. And then this is a Nissi filter set. Uh, the reason I picked up the Nissi filter set was because of how thin they are compared to the Polar Pro set. Now, on to some random stuff that's really inexpensive and really useful. These are clamps and you can get them for a dollar or so at pretty much any hardware store. I definitely recommend having a few of these in your kit. The next thing that's been super useful is this cheap set of camera screws that I got on Amazon. This is just a set of different screws that and spacers that you can use when rigging out your gear. Now, the next thing I think everybody should have is a multi-tool. This is a multi-tool from Small Rig. And just about every camera tripod or rigging accessory will fit on here. I also recommend tossing in your bag is just a set of Allen wrenches. The only difference between this and a multi-tool is how long the actual Allen wrench is. Something else that I think is really important to bring, especially if you're on a shoot or location with a client, is gaff tape. I use this to tape down cords. Whether or not uh it's a hightraic area or if I'm just wrapping it to a tripod quick, uh this stuff is really useful. Now, one of the last things is having good quality cables, especially if you're kitting out your camera. And I love the Condor Blue cables. Uh I love the color and the quality that you get with these cables. They're all braided cables and they're coiled so you can keep them out of the way and you can get them in different sizes and variations. I went with the right angle kit, but you can get them in the straight kit if you want. Now, the last thing is something that's not very cool, but it is incredibly useful, and that's just bringing some extension cords and a power strip to every set. I always feel like I get my light in the perfect spot and the cord doesn't reach. So, that's why this will save you a massive headache. Again, if you're new here, I'm Dom and this is a brand new channel focused around all things photo and video. I run a creative content studio and a major part of my life is supporting businesses and entrepreneurs with content. So, if you're into that kind of stuff, I'd love to have you as part of this community. Thanks so much for watching and I'll catch you in the next one. Peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KONDORBLUE [9 likes]: Thanks for the love! Looks like you are a building an amazing channel! Love the quality! 
Keep it up!
  2. @cichlidcharmer [3 likes]: Fourth video??? Amazing quality.
  3. @thecrusty29 [2 likes]: I agree with him on all these. I really did not think most of these were useful until last year when I started actually getting clients. All of these help make a day of shooting so easy. Gaffers tape is so useful no matter what you're doing (it makes you look prepared for anything to clients).
  4. @PaulFeinberg [2 likes]: Nice always need Gaff tape for sure. NiSi is making some good filters these days. Great video bud!
  5. @RewDowns [1 likes]: Beautiful lighting!
  6. @Cla_multimedia [1 likes]: Great list
  7. @number1chiefROKKA [1 likes]: Magic arms are THE WORST product “I” have ever purchased. They never stay secured in the position I lock them into. Very annoying and unpredictable
  8. @305kingaj [1 likes]: Can I use the dji mics without the adapter on my zve10?
  9. @amsyarirs [1 likes]: SUBSCRIBED!
  10. @Secretweapondoze [1 likes]: YouTube algorithm strikes again! Love the video and welcome to YouTube! ❤️🙏🏼❤️
  11. @andresimeri8763 [1 likes]: You are the bomb Dom. Would you add a gimbal to the list? Or do you usually film hand held?
  12. @prestonurvina [1 likes]: Almost 2k in 4 videos! Nice!
  13. @dragich [1 likes]: Love the content, but loathe the background music.  Prefer no music at all for explainer and gear vids.
  14. @KrisLuckPhoto [1 likes]: yeah, youll have 100k by the end of the year
  15. @vinhsanity: Minneapolis represent!
  16. @DadTriedIt: This video looks and sounds great and the content is really solid.  Subbed.
  17. @OffsidesDesigns: Great video. Shoutout MN!
  18. @brennonprice_: As someone getting into filmmaking this is so clutch
  19. @txmexnittro: Good stuff thank you
  20. @djcase21: Excellent video, Dom! Subscribing. I’m just a retired amateur on the other side of the Twin Cities from you. Nicely done vid, pal.

- my essential camera gear as a solo content creator (2026): Kind: captions Language: en So, I've been creating content on YouTube for about a year now, and between traveling and vlogging, I've decided that I have to keep my camera setup pretty minimal without sacrificing the quality, especially since I'm usually shooting outside or on the go. So, in this bag, I've accumulated a lot of different items that I consider as essentials for creating content, nice to haves, and then I want to go over, if I had all the money in the world, what my wish list would be. So, welcome to Vlogmas day number 12. I decided to switch things up and just go over my whole camera gear setup and what I want to get in the near future. So maybe you guys can take this as a Christmas wish list or your 2026 wish list. First, let's go over what my main camera is. This is the Sony ZV1. It's my main workhorse. Its shoes 3. It's a full-frame camera. It's a mirrorless camera and it does everything I needed to and more. The lens I have on it, which is my main vlogging lens, is the Sony 16mm f1.8. I love this lens because it's a 16 mm. It's super wide. And then the f1.8 is great in low light. And if I come closer, you see how it's blurry back here? That's from the low aperture. So, this is my main setup 90% of the time. The other main lens I use is this. This is the Sigma 24 to 70. This, I guess you could call, is the cinematic lens. If I'm ever getting an uplose shot or I'm trying to get more cinematic, then I would put this lens on. But this is usually what I use for on the- go vlogging. On all these lenses, there are ND filters. So ND filters are sunglasses for the lens. If I go up, I can make it a little brighter. If I go down, I can make it darker. This is how you control the exposure because when you shoot in manual, you have to have a fixed shutter speed and uh frame rate. For audio on the mic right now, I have what's called a shotgun mic. A shotgun mic essentially is a mic that attaches to the top of the camera and it directs the audio from in front of it. You can also control the sides, but you don't have to have a actual mic attached to it. But the limitations are I have to be in front of it like this. But the quality is very very great. This is my main mic when I'm vlogging. But something I've been also using is this. This is the DJI Mic 3. So I've been using this because if you ever seen the shots where the camera is set up a bit further away and you have this mic attached to you, you can speak without having to be right in front of the camera. And it's really nice to switch up the different angles. I really like the Mic 3 because it's tiny and when you attach it to your shirt, it doesn't drag down your shirt. So this has been one of my favorite mics to use. Even when I'm traveling, sometimes I'll just leave this attached onto my shirt and then just turn on the camera whenever I need to speak. If you do use the DJI wireless mic, something I highly suggest you also get is this. This is a Sony hot shoe adapter. So, what essentially this does is you attach this like this. And then instead of having to use the wires that you would have to use with the wireless mics, this will go right on top of the Sony Sony hot shoe mount. And then you can use this without any wires. So you don't have to deal with the wires unplugging or dealing with the gain. This will automatically get adjusted for your camera, which is really, really nice. For tripods, what I use right now, it's called a newer LT32 tripod. It's a carbon fiber tripod. I love this tripod. It gets everything done. There is another version called Peak Design, which I'll talk about later, but that's my main tripod. I honestly carry it with me everywhere nowadays, even into some restaurants and some stores, but it is a little bigger. So, something else I recommend, this is a small tabletop tripod. What I did was I bought this third-p partyy tripod off of Amazon called I don't know what that name is, but I bought this. And then I also bought a Ulanzi tripod head, a mini head, and then attached it to this. And then the last part is this, which is a quick release plate. And I'm going to go over that a little bit later. But this is really nice because it's tiny. And if I'm in a restaurant, I can just pop this up and I can talk to the camera without having to, you know, have this huge tripod next to me. I would almost say this one's a little bit more essential than the other two if you were only to pick one of the three. This one's a little bit better for on the go. So, if you're traveling or if you don't want to bring a big tripod with you, it's a pretty small form factor and it's kind of that in between where you can still get a decent height on your shots without having to deal with a big tripod, but also you can slide it down and then look how small that gets. And then you can get very low shots as well. I know having three different tripods are overkill, but again, this is kind of what I use. And I would say I use them all pretty often, but if I'm traveling, I usually only bring the big one and the small one right here. Other tech I think is essential. My MacBook Pro, this is the M3 MacBook Pro when it came out maybe a couple years back, but it works perfectly for editing. I edit everything on this and this is the main hub that connects to my monitor to edit off of. I also use Da Vinci Resolve to edit. That's $200 you buy the studio, but you can also use it for free. I've also used Capka in the past to edit and it works great. This is a Samsung T7 SSD card. Essentially, what this is is a mini storage, so you can offload your SD card from the camera onto here. This one has 4 terabytes of storage on it, and you can edit off of this, and it's a lot faster. For my phone, I have the iPhone 17 Pro Max, and I've been using this a lot for all the running shots that I have, and also any type of extra B-roll that I don't have my camera on me with. Straight off the phone, the footage looks great. Like I don't think you really need to color grade or color correct. But if you really want to get into it, you can use a Blackmagic app. You can shoot Apple Log 2. Like this phone has been a really good second camera, which is why I got rid of my Osmo Pocket 3. I decided to also throw in my headphones as a little extra plus because I edit with these all the time. This is the Sony XM6's and they're super comfy. I can edit for like 3 4 hours on these without getting any headaches or it doesn't hurt my head. And then final things for tech I would recommend are extra batteries and SD cards. Definitely get an extra Sony battery because they do kind of die if you're shooting all day. And then an extra SD card just in case you have it around. Final things for my essentials is backpack. So this is the KN&F concept backpack. I forget the name of it, but I'm sure you can find it off Amazon. I like this one because the top is a open compartment. So you can store your personal stuff and personal belongings. When I travel, I put my passport and headphones in here. But then if I open up the bottom side here, it's a camera bag. So you can kind of see the mini camera bag and it fits everything I personally need because I don't like to carry a ton of camera equipment. I don't need a full on camera bag. But I really don't carry this around when I'm out and about traveling. Like if I'm in Japan, I'm not going to wear this the whole time. What I do instead is I have this. This is a hard shell by Earth. And what it is, it's a camera insert. I got this recommendation from I believe his name is Peace Skates. And all you do is you can put this inside of tote bags or any other cross body bag and you can kind of step up the fashion a little bit and you can carry your camera like my camera will fit in here. I can put a mini tripod, SD cards and batteries inside of here. It makes it very convenient and you don't have to have a backpack on the whole time. I decided to stand up because my legs and back were hurting sitting down that whole time. Those are my essentials list. Now, we're going to go over what my nice to haves or if you have some extra cash laying around, maybe you could consider buying these. Number one, I'm going to say, is a drone. This definitely is not essential. You could use Story Blocks. You could use any type of service, but I really love flying the drone. I love grabbing drone content, especially for all the B-roll and stuff. So, if you vlog, it's a great way to switch up your content and show it. So, this is the DJI Mini 4 Pro, and you know, I could upgrade, but realistically, this does very much the job, and I still love it. The one thing about the Mini drones is that these are 249 g, so you don't technically need a license to fly in some areas. I know it's a very gray area, but I haven't really had any trouble with this. Number two, I didn't bring it with me, but is my photo camera. I use the Rico GR3. That's my main photography camera. If you go on my Instagram, that's what all of the pictures I take when I'm traveling, the high quality ones are. But honestly, the iPhone does a great job, too. But I will say having a main photography camera like that without having to edit it because it has the baked in colors just like a Fuji. I love that camera. Third thing on this list I want to say are extra mounting solutions. So, this is a suction mount. This essentially will go on the car or any type of metal surface or glass surface, and you can get some pretty unique angles. I love using this on my car, especially since I drive around so much. Putting against your car and being able to get your shots outside a little bit sketchy sometimes if it's outside the car. But inside the car, it is very nice and I love this one. This is by Ulanzi. And this is another cool one I've been using a lot more recently. This is a magic arm. And the way it works is if you unscrew the middle portion here, this untightens the whole thing. And this side has a clamp. So you can clamp this onto like different types of bars or if something's hanging, you can clamp it on. and it puts your camera at a very unique angle and all you do is you tighten this right here and it tightens the whole thing. So then this thing is pretty stable. I put my main mirrorless camera on it and it does a great job without any movement or shakiness. Like it does not feel sketchy on both of these have what's called a quick release plate system. And I almost would deem this as essential but realistically if you didn't have it, it's not the end of the world. I use two different brands. This one's from Ulanszi and then this one's from Newer. I know Peak Design has one too that everyone buys, but honestly, I'm trying to save a little bit of money. Plus, these get expensive. And I have these on everything. I have them on my tripods. I have them on both of these mounts. So, what I do is I buy a new one for any type of new mount I know I'm going to use consistently. And all you do is you screw it on top of it like this. And then it lets you clamp and unclamp your camera or whatever device you have that has the plate right on top of it. I will say though since I found out about these things, it has changed my workflow so much and that's why I wanted to put it on the essentials list. They are a little bit investment because you have to buy the plate for each camera that doesn't have one attached on the bottom to it and then you also have to buy a base plate for any type of mount. It is a little bit of an investment, but when you do have them, it becomes a super useful tool and it makes everything so convenient. So, highly, highly recommend. Look at this. I have everything laid out now. And I'm just in like the middle of a park. It's beautiful, but I just It's funny. I just have everything laid out on the bench right here. Um, but okay, let's go into part number three, which is going to be what I would have as a wish list. And maybe you guys, maybe you guys can take something away from it, too. All right, so let's go over my camera gear wish list. I did forget to mention one thing in the nice to have list and this is from Maft. This essentially attaches back to your iPhone. So it's nice because it's a magnetic back and what it does is you attach it. It has a little wallet back here which is really cool. This also opens up and it turns into a tripod. So you can attach it here or you can set it up like this and you can turn it horizontal and also set it up that way too. So, it's very useful, especially when you're traveling. But for my camera gear wish list, if I had no budget, if you guys are listening and you want to send something this way, this is the part. All right, cameras. I would love a FX3. I think that is my goal camera as of right now. Maybe something else comes out that I can upgrade to, but whatever the FX main camera that comes out when I'm ready to get rid of this camera, that would be the main dream camera right there. I will say the ZV1 does a great job. If you have a ZV1 or even a A7S3, I don't think you really need to upgrade unless you really want to get into color grading and really want to take apart the cinematics and you have to really utilize that camera, but I don't think you have to upgrade. I would also love to upgrade my Rico GR3. I love the Rico, but I think a Fuji, the colors on it and the recipes, you really can't beat it. And the Rico does a great job, don't get me wrong, but if I had all the money in the world, I would love a Fujif film. What is the XV100? I would love it. Another camera I've been considering is getting a DJI Osmo Action 6 or some type of action camera. I got rid of my Osmo Pocket 3 just about like a month ago because I realized I wasn't really getting any use out of it. I carried this thing around with me all the time and the Osmo Pocket 3 was nice for traveling, but then I just started to use my phone and having three different cameras on top of the Rico was just too much. I think the Osmo Pocket 3 is great if you don't want to invest into a big camera or if you don't want to switch to a big camera just yet. It's really good for vlogging. But yeah, I just had no use case for it. The gimbal's nice, but I think the action cameras are a little bit nicer because when I attach it to my car, which was what I was using it primarily for, the gimbal has a delay with moving with the car versus the action camera is locked. So, it still looks like when the car is moving, you're moving. So, that's why I want an action camera. But the Osmo Pocket 3 is a great camera if you guys would rather buy that. And it's very discreet. This thing is a little bit big and I've gotten a lot of different looks with people walking by. But, you know, we don't care out here. For camera lenses, I'm actually pretty happy with all my lenses. I bought the Sony 11mm F1.8, which is APS-C lens. It's that wide angle one that gives you a little vignette on the side. But honestly, I've been using the 16 mm one again, and this is so much nicer because the quality difference is very much there. The 11 mm Sony lens is a great lens, and the quality is great on it, but because it is built for an APS-C camera, I could tell, especially when I got darker out, you can see the grain on everything. And this lens just looks so much better, especially at night time. The one lens I'm considering getting right now is the Alawa 10 millimeter f2.8. I believe a ton of creators have it right now. It's super wide. It looks very cool, but realistically I like a very lean setup. And what I do is this lens stays on the camera all the time. And then when I'm ready to switch it, I pull out the other lens. And because I'm on the go a lot and I'm traveling, I don't want three lenses on me. So if I did buy that lens, it would kind of get in the way. Okay. And I think that is one note for you guys to have is the more camera gear you have, the more you start to overthink, what do I want to bring with me. You don't want to get stuck with, oh, I kind of I might use this at this point, but I might use this here. I like a very lean setup. My main vlogging lens, which is this. This lens does everything for me and more. And then the 24 to 70 is the cinematic lens, and I don't even bring that out when I'm traveling because it is pretty heavy. That's why I'm really hesitant to buy a third lens and why I'm selling the 11 mm. So, if you guys are looking for a Sony 11 millimeter f1.8 great vlogging lens, let me know. Last couple things. I would love a Peak Design tripod. I love my tripod already, but I think the Peak Design carbon fiber tripod, it is it just looks more stable and I've only heard good things about it. It It's really just an upgrade because of the brand and I've heard again really really good things about it. This is new, but the Lexar SSD for the iPhone because I would love to start shooting log footage on here. You do need an SSD card because the files are so big and it wouldn't make everything very convenient. I just haven't gotten one. I haven't pulled the trigger yet because it's like $200. I'm seriously considering it because if this is my main second camera, I've seen the footage on it and it looks pretty good and I I would love to test it and see how much I could do with it. I will say though, I don't want this to become a full setup. like I don't want to put a ND filter on there and a whole thing because then it takes away from the convenience factor of this. I would get it, but I think I would shoot in auto or shoot with a shutter and auto and everything but still use log and you know it's not going to be as cinematic. But the whole point of having a onthe-go pocket phone is to take out your pocket and shoot, not to, oh, let me put on a ND filter and also let me change my settings and then shoot. You know what I mean? And the last thing I would really get, and this is in the future when I own a home or something, would probably be a NAS system. I think that's how you pronounce it. Essentially, it's a cloud-based system where it holds all their, you know, the SSD card I showed you that has 4 terabytes, but you have to dump that onto something else. And right now, I have a bigger hard drive which has 20 terabytes. The NAS system, I believe, you can put in different hard drives. And this is going to be me getting a little bit nerdy. By the way, the the color in the white balance just completely changed on me, but you can put in different hard drives and then it stores it into the its own cloud or something and then you'll always have your footage accessible or backed up. So, that is something. But it's like I think it's 2,3 or $4,000. I don't know which one, but it's in that range. So, it's pretty expensive. Honestly, I think I have everything I really need. This setup I have going on right now is as lean as I need it to be. And if I'm traveling, I can bring most of everything in this bag. Even this this can attach the the tripod on the bottom and I can bring it with me. And I don't think I really need anything else. I think everything is really just if I have the extra cash or the money. They're really just upgrades. Like I would love to upgrade the Sony mic. It's a little bit bigger. But there's another version called the ECM M1. This is also called the ECM B1M. Sorry, I forgot to mention it before, but the ECM1 is a little bit smaller. So, you're going to make it a little bit more compact and it's a little bit easier because this kind of does make it look bigger than it needs to be. My ND filter, I would love to upgrade to a Polar Pro and the tripod is more of an upgrade. So, everything's more of an upgrade at this point. I have the essentials and the core of what I'm going to use. There's not really anything I can add on to my setup that's really going to make my content that much better. It's really just how I use my equipment and also how I tell stories and piece together videos and stuff like that. So hopefully this video helps you guys whoever is Christmas shopping for a loved one. Maybe you want to again buy something for your boy um or you just want to go into the new year with a new setup or you want to buy a whole setup. whatever it may be. Hopefully this helps you guys because I think this setup is really what you need to get started with YouTube and also you can continue it down the line. Especially if you want to get into vlogging because vlogging is all about convenience and simplicity. The more stuff you have, the more it's going to weigh you down and the more you're going to get in your own head about do I need this to on this trip. If you're a filmmaker or if you're shooting commercials, then okay, you want more stuff. But if you're just vlogging and you're creating and you're documenting your life and you're just doing lifestyle content generally, this is probably all you need and the most you'll really need, especially with AI coming out. So yeah, guys, a little bit different of a video. Hopefully this helps you guys. And yeah, I can't believe we've been out here for like 2 hours and it's dark now. But Vlogmas day number 12. Thank you guys for watching. I didn't insert any running clips on this one because realistically this video makes sense to just have this as a topic, but we did run this morning with my boy Calvin. We did 8 miles, he did 14. This was his long run day and then I have my long run tomorrow. So, we got that. All right, y'all. Thank you guys for watching Vlogmas day number 12. I really want to hit 20. So, I'm trying not to miss too many days left, but who knows because I got to edit these videos and get them out the next day. All right. Or edit the last video, get all you know what I mean. I will talk to you guys later. [music] Your

  Top Comments:
  1. @lifeofbennydong [4 likes]: Vlogmas Day 12 😤 hope this one gives y’all some value!
  2. @Chrys587 [3 likes]: Wanna start vlogging so bad, but theres actually, like really nothing interesting to vlog about, neither do i have the gear to even start 🫡 but fire vid as always tho, and real interesting
  3. @STEPXVisual [2 likes]: I have a ZV-E1 and two lenses. The next thing I plan to invest in is another camera body so I don't have to worry about switching lenses.
  4. @MasterKle [2 likes]: Appreciate the transparency Benny! You’ve inspired me to continue to create and I love how crisps your vlogs look! Also, San Diego is a absolute vibeeee
  5. @Paulywallylion [1 likes]: Is the M3 MacBook Pro you have the base model with 16gb of ram?
  6. @stephenkobecho [1 likes]: Hey bro found you on TikTok and really love your informative content (subscribed and a new fan!). I just bought the Sony ZVE1 and looking forward to creating content with it. One quick question: I noticed your camera blurs for a split second quite frequently when you bring your hands into the frame while you talk, and I was wondering if that's an autofocus thing that the camera does, or if that was an intentional setting you had since you're showcasing items in this video? Just wanted to check if there is a way to combat that if the camera does it naturally (like from 1:47-1:50 in this vid, for reference). Thank you so much for your help!
  7. @JMDTechTime-1996 [1 likes]: You're an inspiration man! About to hit a fulcrum in my life and dive into content creation/Vlogging and your videos make me salivate....pause... you know what I mean. The angles and cinematic B roll. Really giving me a road I can take a sideroad on. This video is going to be instrumental in that and for that I thank you! Hope things keep looking up for you my friend.
  8. @Inthensify [1 likes]: loved this video! def provided some gems! i got a sony zv-e1 right now with only a prime 35 mm. i find it at a lot of times to be too narrow in tight spaces so the 16 mm is def on my wish-list. also a zoom-lens is missing, so the sigma got my interest.
what ive seen tho is, you say you use your iphone now as well for filming, but how you make that work? do you use a video monitor attached to it or do you use the selfie mode since that has the 'lesser' camera's??
Im curious to your perspective! great work my guy
  9. @willis0522 [1 likes]: Does your Sony microphone make any weird noises from the shock mount when it’s moved or shaken?
  10. @studioXCVI [1 likes]: What is the brand/model for your car suction mount? :)
  11. @BeastlyHalo [1 likes]: yooo, Great video bro. How much you want for that 11mm???
  12. @SableX- [1 likes]: Top 3 video on yt. Your content is something I look up to 🙌
  13. @swiftcolin [1 likes]: Appreciate how you get right into the gear talk, beautiful footage and color.
  14. @feydanmedia [1 likes]: Crazy the gear you want to get is the gear that I have but i'm here watching the video and im like damn the 16mm looks good although I have 16-35mm GM I think the 1.8 and the size of 16mm prime got me!
  15. @ajb0205 [1 likes]: goat. thanks for this ur video quality is always spectacular
  16. @yousseflaqofficial [1 likes]: great , from morocco 🇲🇦 i love that video !
  17. @schoeferfilm [1 likes]: I use the hot shoe adapter with my ZVE1 and dji mic 2 👌 best cinematic greetings from germany
  18. @michaeljanes2975 [1 likes]: Bro get a insta360 x5 instant of an action camera it’s soo good
  19. @fishsaux [1 likes]: Check out the Ulanzi Zero Y or Zero F38 tripod. Better and cheaper version of the carbon fiber peak design tripod. I picked Zero F38 tripod for $199 since I’m all in on the F38 plates.
  20. @adorante [1 likes]: If you have the ulanzi f38 plates I’d look into ulanzi’s tripods. I had the PD capture clip and the f38 plates were slipping out of the clip. Just make sure your plate works with the tripod head so you don’t have to reinvest into the mounting system!

- Essential YouTube Gear for Beginners (2025 Starter Kit!): Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey everyone! Welcome to today’s video where&nbsp; we’ll dive into the essential equipment you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to start a YouTube channel. If you're a&nbsp; beginner looking to create high-quality content&nbsp;&nbsp; without spending a fortune, this video is for&nbsp; you. From cameras and microphones to lighting&nbsp;&nbsp; and editing software, I’ll walk you through the&nbsp; most affordable and effective gear to kick off&nbsp;&nbsp; your YouTube journey! And remember, this is just&nbsp; a primer. We’ll dive in deeper in future videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; this video is designed to be a primer to&nbsp; get you started. But, before we continue,&nbsp;&nbsp; a word from our affiliate, spotter studio: 🚀 Want&nbsp; to take your YouTube channel to the next level? With Spotter Studio, you’ll&nbsp; uncover high-performing topics,&nbsp;&nbsp; craft engaging stories, and keep&nbsp; viewers watching longer than ever. 📊 Smart insights. Better content. More growth. 🔥 Ready to break through? Click&nbsp; my special affiliate link below&nbsp;&nbsp; and start growing with Spotter Studio today! 🎬 Great content wins—let’s make sure yours does! In the description below, there’s a&nbsp; link for a 2 month free membership,&nbsp;&nbsp; no strings attached, try&nbsp; it out and see you improve! Section 1: Cameras for YouTube Beginners Let’s start with cameras. Believe it or&nbsp; not, you don’t need to buy an expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; DSLR camera to start recording great&nbsp; content. If you have a smartphone,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already have an excellent&nbsp; tool for video production. Modern smartphones, especially flagship models&nbsp; from Apple or Samsung, have high-definition&nbsp;&nbsp; cameras that can produce incredible footage. The&nbsp; pros are that smartphones are always available,&nbsp;&nbsp; easy to use, and often have built-in&nbsp; stabilization. The cons are the lack&nbsp;&nbsp; of manual control and versatility&nbsp; compared to dedicated cameras. If you’re ready to invest in a camera, an&nbsp; entry-level DSLR or mirrorless camera is&nbsp;&nbsp; the way to go. Something like the Canon EOS&nbsp; M50 is a fantastic option, offering 4K video,&nbsp;&nbsp; dual-pixel autofocus, and a flip-out screen,&nbsp; perfect for vlogging. For something even more&nbsp;&nbsp; vlogger-friendly, the Sony ZV-E10 is a&nbsp; great option designed specifically for&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube creators. These cameras give you&nbsp; more control over your video settings and&nbsp;&nbsp; improve the overall quality. And Nikon has their&nbsp; line of great cameras as well. Just remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; which ever camera you decide to go with,&nbsp; buying lenses will also influence future&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases of cameras. I bought a Nikon camera 30&nbsp; years ago when they didn’t have digital cameras,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stuck with Nikon cameras because of the&nbsp; amount of lenses I had already invested in. Section 2: Microphones for YouTube Beginners Next up is audio. Your audience is more likely&nbsp; to forgive low-quality video than bad audio,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it’s crucial to invest in a good&nbsp; microphone. Let’s start with an easy&nbsp;&nbsp; option—lavalier microphones, also known as&nbsp; lapel mics. These small, clip-on mics are&nbsp;&nbsp; affordable and capture audio close to your mouth,&nbsp; making them ideal for tutorials or interviews. If you want a step up, USB microphones&nbsp; are perfect for voiceovers, podcasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; or sit-down videos. The Blue Yeti is a popular&nbsp; USB mic known for delivering excellent sound. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want something more affordable, check out the&nbsp; Audio-Technica ATR2100x. Both are user-friendly&nbsp;&nbsp; and give you that professional-sounding&nbsp; audio your viewers will appreciate. For vloggers, a shotgun microphone mounted on your&nbsp; camera is the way to go. The Rode VideoMic Go is a&nbsp;&nbsp; lightweight and affordable choice for capturing&nbsp; clear sound outdoors or on the move. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; budget-friendly option is the Movo VXR10, which is&nbsp; small but mighty when it comes to sound quality. Section 3: Lighting for YouTube Videos Now, let’s talk about lighting. Lighting is&nbsp; key to making your video look professional.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even the best camera can produce&nbsp; poor results if your lighting isn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; right. The good news is, you don’t need&nbsp; expensive lighting setups to get started. Ring lights are super popular because they&nbsp; provide soft, even lighting, which is great&nbsp;&nbsp; for talking head videos or makeup tutorials. The&nbsp; Neewer 18-Inch Ring Light Kit is a great choice&nbsp;&nbsp; for beginners, offering brightness control and a&nbsp; stand. If you're on a tighter budget, the UBeesize&nbsp;&nbsp; Selfie Ring Light is a smaller but effective&nbsp; option, especially if you're using a smartphone. For more controlled lighting, consider&nbsp; softbox lighting kits. Softboxes spread&nbsp;&nbsp; the light evenly and help reduce shadows. The&nbsp; Fovitec Softbox Lighting Kit is affordable and&nbsp;&nbsp; provides everything you need to create&nbsp; a professional-looking setup at home.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you need a cheaper option, the Neewer&nbsp; Softbox Kit is also a great alternative. Lastly, for vloggers or creators&nbsp; who are always on the move,&nbsp;&nbsp; portable LED lights can be a&nbsp; lifesaver. Something like the&nbsp;&nbsp; Aputure AL-M9 is compact but powerful enough&nbsp; to brighten up your shot wherever you are. Section 4: Tripods and Stabilization Keeping your camera steady is&nbsp; another important aspect of creating&nbsp;&nbsp; great content, so let’s move on to&nbsp; tripods and stabilization. Even if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're filming on your phone, using a&nbsp; tripod will make a world of difference. For beginners, the AmazonBasics 60-Inch Tripod&nbsp; is an affordable and stable option that works&nbsp;&nbsp; well for most setups. If you’re vlogging and need&nbsp; something more portable, the Joby GorillaPod is&nbsp;&nbsp; a flexible tripod that can wrap around objects&nbsp; and give you steady shots in any environment. For smartphone users, you'll need a solid&nbsp; smartphone mount. The UBeesize Phone Tripod&nbsp;&nbsp; is flexible, portable, and adjustable, making&nbsp; it perfect for creators using their phones. Section 5: Bonus Gear for&nbsp; Enhancing Production Quality Now that you’ve got the basics covered,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s touch on a few bonus items that can help&nbsp; improve your production quality even further. First, consider adding a backdrop to your setup.&nbsp; A clean or interesting background can elevate the&nbsp;&nbsp; look of your video instantly. The Emart Green&nbsp; Screen Backdrop is an excellent choice for&nbsp;&nbsp; creators who want to use virtual backgrounds&nbsp; or create more polished-looking videos. You’ll also want to think about external&nbsp; storage. Shooting video takes up a lot of space,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the last thing you want is to run out of&nbsp; storage mid-shoot. A SanDisk 128GB Extreme&nbsp;&nbsp; Pro SD Card is perfect for storing large&nbsp; amounts of footage. You might also want to&nbsp;&nbsp; invest in a WD My Passport External&nbsp; Hard Drive to back up your content. Finally, video editing software is&nbsp; an essential tool for making your&nbsp;&nbsp; content stand out. For beginners, DaVinci&nbsp; Resolve is a powerful, free software that&nbsp;&nbsp; offers professional-grade editing tools.&nbsp; Another beginner-friendly option is Filmora,&nbsp;&nbsp; which has an intuitive interface and offers&nbsp; a variety of effects and transitions. Outro: So there you have it—your guide to&nbsp; the essential gear for starting a&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube channel! With the right cameras,&nbsp; microphones, lighting, and stabilization,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create high-quality videos without&nbsp; spending a fortune. Remember, it’s not just&nbsp;&nbsp; about the gear; it’s about how you use it&nbsp; and the creativity you bring to your content. If you found this video helpful, be sure to give&nbsp; it a thumbs up and subscribe for more content like&nbsp;&nbsp; this. Drop a comment below if you have any&nbsp; questions or if you’d like recommendations&nbsp;&nbsp; on specific gear for your YouTube setup. Thanks&nbsp; for watching, and I’ll see you in the next video!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TakaCalderon [1 likes]: In an age where influencers are trying to push expensive gear on everyone (in all industries). This is a great video for those looking to start making content while also being honest on the pros and cons over the options you include. Great video!

- How to Create Captivating Talking Head Videos | 5 Top Tips: Kind: captions Language: en if you record talking head content like this this is a talking head we're gonna give you five tips to take your talking head video and audio quality to the next level from framing composition to lighting and audio we want to make sure you sound your best for talking head video content and while you're here hit that like button and subscribe to the Riverside YouTube channel number one when you're doing talking head video content you want to think about framing the rule of thirds is a great place to start the rule of thirds means you can divide a video frame by three parts horizontally and vertically and from there you can place your subject in different areas of the frame for different effects no matter where you place your subject you want to make sure their eyes are just above that Top Line and they have enough Headroom if you do this that's not enough Headroom and it feels a little cramped and uncomfortable so make sure you have a good amount of Headroom and the eyes are above that line now you can choose to place your subject either dead center like we are now or you can place your subject to the left or the right if you put your subject towards the left or the right you want to make sure that their head is in the intersection of those two lines now if you're doing some kind of call to action or you want to address the viewer directly a straight on top shot like this might be good but if you're doing an interview Style video and maybe a subject is looking off camera then you want to place them on one of those intersections if you have two subjects in the interview you can place one on this side and then place the other subject on the opposite side of the frame so it looks like they're having a conversation if your subject is seated you typically want to shoot above the lap and higher sometimes clothes and different parts can be Unbecoming and so going from about right above lap height and up is the best way to frame the shot also you don't want to frame your shot where it's too much of an up angle so the subject is almost looking down at the viewer you also don't have too much of a high angle because then it looks a little bit like Oliver Twist asking for more for most talking head content you want to make sure the camera is about eye level with your subject number two you need to think about the background composition of the shot what is going to be behind your subject you can do a plain color whether that's black or white depending on what the subject is wearing in their skin tones be mindful about what is the most appropriate for your subject you can also use interesting lighting or colors on something like a lighter color backdrop to make it more interesting day if you're filming with a mirrorless camera or maybe using cinematic mode on your iPhone you could place interesting objects in the background that will be eye-catching but not distracting like a glowing orange orb you might not have seen until right now whatever your background is make sure your subject is the focus that can be clearly seen and there's nothing distracting in the background number three audio is really key for talking head content you really need high quality audio because the majority of the time your viewer is listening to the talking head speak like you've been doing this whole video if you only have microphones that sound good when they're close to your mouth go ahead and put the microphone in the frame a little off-center this way it's not covering the subject's face or anything that would be too distracting and make sure you get the best quality audio a more discrete option would be to use a lapel microphone if there weren't close that allows you to clip the microphone right about here on their chest that'll get you the best audio if you place the lapel mic on the collar it won't sound as good as here on the chest but it will have a drastic improvement over the built-in mics on most cameras and your mobile device for the best sounding audio that's also the most discreet you should be used using a shotgun microphone that's actually what I have right off camera typically you'll want to just add a frame and shotgun microphones are very directional so they'll pick up your subject's voice but not all the other stuff in the room we actually have a whole video covering off camera mic so you can check it out above or the link in the description number four good lighting for talking head videos makes a huge difference to show you an example I'm going to turn off my studio lighting and just use the ceiling fan light above my head as you can see this looks pretty bad probably not something you want to watch for an extended period of time even just adding one key light with a softbox can make all the difference this is actually an amaran 200x with a light Dome 2. we'll put links in the video description but we actually have an entire video about pro lighting setups if you'd like to set up something in their Studio or get some lights to bring with you as you travel check out that video above or the link in the description if you don't have the ability to have large setups or multiple lights even one small LED light with some kind of diffuser will help tremendously so here's my current shot with just lights on my background nothing is on my key light ceiling fan light even just use using this 140 light from small rig rechargeable LED can make all the difference back to the three-point lighting that's better tip number five having a secondary camera angle for talking head video content will make it much more engaging for your viewer now if you don't have a secondary camera you have a couple options one if you're recording in 4k on a mirrorless camera like this you can choose to punch in or zoom in on your subject and that will create a different feel but if you have a mobile device and you're recording your content with Riverside we actually have a secondary camera feature that allows you to use your mobile device record a second angle that's in sync with your camera and then you can edit those angles later in post-production you can use a combination of iPad iPhone and Android devices for multiple angles even up to eight devices for your talking head video content Riverside will record all those video tracks separately and then you can download them from Riverside and put them together as a multi-cam clip in your editor of choice speaking of which we have a whole video on multi-cam editing you can check out the link above or in the video description so those are five ways to make your talking head video content more engaging and usually appealing if you enjoyed this video hit the like button and subscribe to the Riverside Channel we have lots of content on USB microphones building a video podcast setup and a ton more also leave a comment below if you have any questions about your talking head setup or anything at all we'd love to help answer you there thanks for tuning in we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cornerofficelatinas [2 likes]: How do I insert text, and have my video on half the screen, like you did at :20?  Thank you!
  2. @aigulniiazalieva9026 [1 likes]: Tnx kind human being for info 😊
  3. @jacobhill4546 [1 likes]: Exactly the video I needed, thank you
  4. @rbplays_tv [1 likes]: This is super helpful. I have been very confused on how to frame myself for talking head video for my other channel and I have watched lot of videos till now but this one stood out to me, tips are really helpful. Thank you
  5. @Piliponful [1 likes]: one of the most tightly packed and to the point videos I've ever seen, I've subscribed, will watch every video on your channel today and are down to buying a course from you or anything you might sell
  6. @Tabs_journal: Thank you, this is nice.
  7. @chrisdavid3638: Great video, thank you for sharing! I’m specifically looking for different camera set ups for talking Headshots meaning camera placement for a two or three camera set up between two speakers. Do you have any videos on anything like that? Thank you!
  8. @AndrewSannerr: Super helpful!
  9. @JayWerx: Something about having a large mic and stand looks corny to me.
  10. @Growingonestepatatime: What is the right distance from the subject to camera
  11. @katinareneetv: Great info
  12. @jarrodsplace: Great video. Very nicely explained. Thank you
  13. @sogostudio: TQ.
  14. @AngusYoung412: Is it that easy, I thought you couldn't link a 2nd phone up to be a second camera (certainly not Android).
  15. @PrimeCoastHomesFL: Very helpful stuff here!
  16. @vivekmgeorge: can you explain or link to a tutorial with how you put the text on side the screen (with the black ground) and the speaker to moves to the other side of the screen? What is that called even?
  17. @dontbemuted: I have several ladies saying the same thing. I want to have all of them saying it simultaneously on the track, is that as simple as layering them?
  18. @dr.bhargaw: the idea about second camera is good. thanks
  19. @wicomms: How do i put those slides in the video?
  20. @shofps26: thanks

- Setting Up Cameras For Video Interviews: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'll discuss how we set up cameras for an interview we use two cameras for filming our interviews so that we have more flexibility when editing the footage later [Music] [Applause] the first camera we'll call a cam acam is typically a medium shot framed right above or below the elbows we position the camera based on the room if there is a window in the room we might want to use that as a light source so we would shoot in the opposite direction for the background we want visual interest but don't want it to be too distracting I like to look for General lines or shapes that will help frame the subject and balance the image to help separate the subject from the background it is good to position them as far away from the wall as possible doing this helps blur the background when the camera focuses on the subject we position a cam just the side of the line of action which is an imaginary line between the subject and the interviewer we don't want the subject looking into the camera but having the camera closer to the line of action makes it more personal we make sure the subject has a little bit of Headroom which is the space between the top of their head and the top of the frame we also make sure the subject has lead room which is space in the composition the direction where the subject is looking for lens choice we like to use a focal length between 35 to 70 millimeters this allows us to see a little bit of the background while still maintaining focus on the subject our aperture is set between two to four to help achieve a shallow depth of field we like to shoot at 24 frames per second with a 1 50th second shutter speed to achieve a more cinematic look this is also known as a 180 degree shutter angle because the shutter speed is half the frames per second the reason we use these settings is because they provide a little bit of motion blur that is common in movies the second camera we'll call B cam we want this camera to be framed differently enough so that cutting to it while editing isn't jarring we do this by making sure that the camera angle is at least 30 degrees different and the focal length is changed by at least 20 percent so if a cam is a straight eye medium shot with a standard lens our B cam will be a side shot medium close-up with a telephoto lens another rule we follow is the 180 degree rule which states that the camera should be on the same side of the line of action this rule is important because it keeps the subject's eye Direction consistent when switching between angles so the editing won't disorientate the viewer if you have any questions about setting up cameras for an interview leave a comment down below thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @JulietteFiszka [1 likes]: This was really interesting and well explained. However, I came to look for a setup to film both persons in an interview format. Did you create a video on this topic?
  2. @michaellitty8718: Excellent and concise explanation of the basics for a two-camera interview setup.
  3. @PCRSports103.2: Fab video, nice and simple and easy to understand for a beginner.
Thank you
  4. @skoolzmedia9416: Thanks papa
  5. @voiceofinspirationmedia: I just started a podcast and need an idea of how I can shoot my interview with just one camera and still have it great
  6. @noscriptnancy: Great tutorial and straight to the point. I especially appreciate the concise illustration of the 180 degree rule.
  7. @OGBEN10: This is great. Straight forward. What do you suggest for a third cam for vertical content from the interview? Or create vertical content from the A cam?
  8. @BTC6291: Well that was awesome !!! Thank you
  9. @Pecan-jt6yj: What is the height of of the camera? Eye level/forehead level? I’ve noticed that late night monologues are framed such that the frame ends right above the knees. Is this better? Seems it may allow for more of the corporal language information.
  10. @MikaStaines: You managed the rule of thirds with out mentioning them (Congrats) , but I disagree with you 30o B-cam , it just looks like a punch on - Main rule is to get the subjects both eyes with a sharp an angle as possible .   I still don't get the weird B-cam that Netflix uses when they give too much space behind the head, but I guess that's a conversation for another day.
  11. @VideoKal1: Perfect.  Exactly what I was looking for!
  12. @cesarebonazza: Thanks  really to the points I was looking for :)
  13. @ashb3117: appreciate how straightforward this is, thank you
  14. @Volunteers_Echoes: Professional Tutors 👏
  15. @LeslieLatchman: so good thanks
  16. @rodgersnguvulu6140: that girl z beautiful or sorry I mean that was a beautiful lecture thanks I have learnt a lot
  17. @ozlemguler4324: Thankyou very much for providing succinct information and delivering it so professionally.
  18. @Hung_Link: the lip syncing at the beginning and end fucks with me lol
  19. @donovanwoods9417: Fantastic information!
  20. @troystory666: man zr patinka lietuva as nemoku lietuviska bet as nemoku bet myliu lietuva lietuva lietuviams

- Talking Heads | Avoid These Common Pitfalls: Kind: captions Language: en the number one Pitfall we're going to talk about today in choosing the wrong marketing automation platform is integration with other systems as a marketing leader you want all of your systems to talk together and that's going to help your team actually pull reports and tell the story more efficiently if you choose a platform that actually doesn't integrate well or play nicely in the same sandbox with the other systems you have in place your team is going to end up pce mealing reports together and having to do that repetitively so it's going to take them more time it's going to take them off the projects that really matter or new initiatives that you want to do so make sure that when you're choosing a marketing automation platform that it's going to communicate effectively and easily and the setup isn't going to be hard for your team in order to communicate with those other systems that you already have in place the second Pitfall of choosing the wrong marketing automation platform is that it could be a complicated roll out as a result the adoption will be slow what do I mean by that well imagine you have to get go through a lengthy certification process in order to even just send an email and that means that you're losing time on somebody spending the time learning the software before they can even execute on it which means that when you're trying to transition you have to think 6 12 maybe even 18 months in advance in order to get your team up and running and certified or ready to send on a new platform the other problem is that if it's hard to use or complicated to use your team isn't going to want to use the software and so you're going to meet that resistance within the organization that will prevent them from actually executing on the programs that you have the third Pitfall is that the marketing automation platform you choose is actually old and hasn't been updated so when you're evaluating these systems find out what are the latest feature requests and when have they been implemented find out if they're only doing bug fixes or they actually adding features to this feature set they're not looking at where the industry is going and they're not progressing with the industry as a result you're going to get stuck in an old system that's not going to adapt to your needs and move your organization forward those are the top three pitfalls of choosing the wrong Market automation platform I hope you found value in this I'm mono foyer the marketing director at Ence join us next time

- GET BETTER at TALKING On-Camera in 10 Mins: Kind: captions Language: en you know what the biggest mistake people make when they're talking on camera they talk to the camera that's right you heard it here first stop talking to the camera and start talking to people I want to share with you the top mistakes you could well be making and you just don't know it but more importantly I'm also going to tell you how to fix those mistakes now I haven't pulled this out of a back of a van somewhere I'm basing this on over a decade of experience as a voiceover actor and a commercial talk show host let alone a milon years making content you really have to keep in mind that you're talking to another human okay not a camera so there is somebody on the other side of this video I'm not talking to my in this case a Sony zb1 you're not talking to the camera you're talking to another human now you don't know their name you don't know where they're from in fact chances are you don't know anything about them but that's okay because you're talking to another human not a camera to help with this you got to visualize who they are now that might be hard so if you can't visualize anybody just maybe visualize a friend and if that's difficult then visualize that you're talking to me it's not as scary as it it is as scary as it seems to visualize me talking yeah anyway but that's what you need to do step one visualize who they are don't use any jargon or buzzword that they might not understand don't use any formal language and even the words formal language sounds like formal language you get what I'm saying right we're having a casual con conversation like you would with your friends remember this right and this is a really important thing you're talking to somebody you're not talking at them looking down your nose no no you're talking to me and you right now ask them questions like talk to them like a normal human ask them questions pause maybe for a split second when you ask whatever that question is and then move on to whatever else that you're going to be saying body language hands Smiles that's all good but if you overdo it I mean if you're doing like Jackie Channel Impressions when you're constantly talking with your hands it can get really distracting to the autofocus and it can also really drive your audience nuts but if that's the way you talk then that's the way you talk just be you because remember you're talking to another human so look down the lens of the actual camera if you're not looking down the lens of a camera maybe you're looking at a flip out screen or a monitor that's on top of the camera if you're looking at any of those and not looking down the lens it just shows you're completely disinterested in your audience you don't care you're just not making connection because the eyes are the pway to the soul or some weird thing anyway you get what I'm saying we connect Through The Eyes in fact if that's going to be a huge struggle for you do what Casey neistat does quite a lot of time he's always wearing sunglasses because you can never tell where his eyes are it just looks like he's talking to you not right Casey talking to the lens don't talk in a monotone it can be hard but what you've got to remember is people people are watching and listening to you I even find it hard to do this is actually hard to talk in a monotone for me cuz I'm so amazing right yeah don't talk in a monotone it can be hard but people are watching and listening to your content and if it sounds like you're bored out of your mind in a monotone then with no pitch and no inflections then it makes it incredibly hard for the audience to connect to you and that's what we want is a really good connection between you and me and just what you got to remember remember is breathe every now and again pacing is so so so important and then the occasional pause depending on how long the pause should be because if there's pauses then it means drama and if there's drama you never know what's coming next if you need to record a part again because you screwed it up for whatever reason then don't just re-record the part that you've screwed up go back a line or two go back maybe a few sentences now there's a coule couple of reasons for this the main one really though is your energy levels because if I screw because if I see I need to go back a little bit so I can get this line going again and then by the time you get to the part you've screwed up hopefully you won't screwed up again but the energy and the flow is a lot more natural and it doesn't just sound like you crowbarred in an extra line with a really harsh jump cut when you're recording a video you really have to raise your voice just a bit so if I was talking to somebody that was kind of in the room here this is the way I would be kind of talking but because I'm talking to camera and more importantly the people behind the camera and that's a clue you got to talk to those folks so you got to project your voice this is what we call it so we're talking to whoever is behind the camera Let's Pretend we've got a camera person that's holding the camera or if you're in a small medium room then talk to the back of the room so you're raising your voice up maybe 25 30% than you normally would now there's a few reasons for this number one when you start raising your voice it brings in your performance level so it's like a switch that goes off so you've got the performance this brings your energy up and if it's bringing your energy up and your voice is up a little bit this gives you huge onscreen presence and more importantly it gives you huge onscreen confidence so just talk beyond the camera just a bit SS and eyes are uh an ABS they're SS and eyes are pain in the butt to listen to because not only does it sound like you have a clue what you're on about it's just uh see I don't know what I'm going to say next that's what it sounds like it really sounds like you are completely clueless so cut them out now I'm not saying cut them out in the edit because we're going to have a whole jump cut scenario where you should cut them out is out of your vocab so if you uh uh see it get so annoying okay I'm overdoing it a little bit but you get what I'm saying just redo the line redo the sentence whatever the Spiel whatever you've got saying just cut out the ums and as and speaking of cutting stuff out there's probably a few words if you go back and watch all of your videos or the last I don't know 10 videos that you've got you're going to see I'm saying that word a lot I would Hazard a guess if I'm right on this I want you to subscribe to the channel if you haven't subscribed I bet you you are saying the word so a lot go back and look in your videos and if you've seen I actually do say the word so quite a lot then yeah you owe me a subscription is that a is that a fair deal fair deal so see what I'm doing the word so is a crutch now a crutch is something that you lean on it means that you don't really know what's coming next even though you do but your brain isn't thinking that far ahead so there's words that you're using all the time that get very annoying it's only when you listen back or watch back your stuff that you'll identify ah so I owe vicka subscription cut out those crutch words not having a clue what you're saying let me just look at my yeah see you don't have to write a script when it comes to making a talking head video or talking to camera but you should have a few bullet points at the very least especially if you're just starting out because reading a script or memorizing a script can be quite painful and it takes a lot of practice if you don't have all the time for all the practice in the world a few bullet points to get you from point A to point B to point C now the less of those things that you have the more likelier to make all of the mistakes that I've just highlighted in this video a little bit of structure goes a long long way I mean there's a reason people have scripts in Hollywood right now there's also something else that would be a really good reason for you to take on board and that's this video here yo that would be pretty sweet take two you know what the biggest why did I screw that one off let's go again oh my God I didn't screw that one up as well m M howow yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @VicBarry [18 likes]: 🎯 Want to level up even faster? I put all my best camera confidence tips in one playlist – start here: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8k5HnN2yxKYJqGcgBbApNycsYi5wSdHj&si=7pw0d7yXbxR940Fi

Begin with this video, then binge the rest in order for the quickest results.
  2. @BBQ420HISTORIAN: I don't have that issue been in front of camera for years my issue is the algorithm
  3. @bradleyreed5762: You so  earned the subscription click in the first minute of so of the video so I’m so happy to climb on board.
  4. @forbabygrl1: Somebody please tell me where this man comes from! Is so close to the way they speak that it makes me laugh.
  5. @MisterMoonWorld: Thank you!
  6. @livinlifebehindbars: On TT they have creator hands. Lol
  7. @gkp76: I have the monotone problem
  8. @thatonegirl6880: I’m making videos on YouTube, on my other channel. So far I only have 2 shorts…I mumble a lot and am using music to hide it…I’m hoping my videos will improve over time.
  9. @thatonegirl6880: I’m boring so I can’t just be me. 😂
  10. @SensibleHorology: Fair deal. “So,” is a word I use, ha! I was waiting to see if you were going to say “so” is the word people use often. I subscribed because this was really useful! Thanks.
  11. @BikesBrewsMidlifeBlues: So…subscribed!
  12. @wastenotwantnotArt: I say ‘so’ a lot so I do 😂
  13. @LittlePoet: You are so talented...what great tips here to be successful when connecting to your subscribers!
  14. @ProjectArmwrestlingpodcast: @VicBarry Thank you for this video!

It was very useful tips for me that just started a channel and want to improve 🎉thank you
  15. @jurik.design: Thank you Vic! I will do better after this lesson 🙏👏
  16. @max_rove: Great video, thanks for the awesome details and good delivery!
  17. @0xmazyar: banger video sir . loved it
  18. @blackdvrma6282: I love it your talking style literally I’m watching first time this video ❤😂 I subscribed bby
  19. @haneenelttayef6991: Not only had to subscribe because of so but also left a comment 😂
  20. @RobertEFuller: So ‘ I’ve had to subscribed

- Tiny Space? No Problem! Complete YouTube Studio Setup: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube is the most fulfilling hobby I've ever had but one challenge as a hobby is that when I finally have some time on evenings and weekends I want to be able to just press record without the hassle of setting things up and tearing things down afterwards which makes a studio setup valuable but also living in an apartment space is quite limited so in this video I'll share the tiny YouTube space I had nowhere to go but in my bedroom to get a lay of the land here's a floor plan of my bedroom and this ittybitty 48t or 4 1/2 s met area is where my YouTube setup that you're currently watching right now lives kicking these off with furniture for the backdrop I've gone with two Ikea Billy bookcases with doors on the bottom half the doors enable a clean storage area for all things YouTube related and I used a whole saw as well as cheap desk grommets off of Amazon to make clean holes in the shelves for a completely hidden charging Zone that can feed through multiple shelves I also put holes on these shelves to enable a clean feed for these IKEA tarnaby lamps for some practical Lighting in the background of this main talking head shot the exposed shelves allow for some set decoration which when the camera is focused on me using a pretty fast f1.8 lens makes the items on the shelves blurry enough to provide visual interest without being distracting my desk is also for Ikea and it's the bamboo desk called the Lassen I used to film at my dining table when I first started this Channel and although I love my dining table because it's a glossy surface it's reflective so when filming top down shots it was always a challenge because we can see the reflection of the camera on that glossy surface so I knew whichever desk I chose it couldn't be reflective and this lasson was the perfect choice in terms of surface appearance and size to fit in this tiny space and also my chair is just one of my dining room chairs with the furniture out of the way we can get into the actual gear setup right off the bat one of the biggest challenges when working with a tiny space is ground footprint for example my key light if it were on a robust lightstand the three legs of that light standand would take up way more space than I even have available so although not ideal I used drywall anchors and screwed in this wall plate with a 90° baby pin to the wall of my closet to Anchor my main key light too as you can see although this very old first generation aperture 12 with the light Dome is gigantic it takes up literally zero floor space and in fact in terms of functional video lighting this is the only light I use since it's both big enough of a surface area and close enough to me where the soft light can wrap around my face which although not professionally ideal is definitely good enough to me for a YouTube talking head what's more because of how compact the space is again although not professionally ideal the same light also serves as my top down light as well one light to achieve everything that I need as a side note I used some adhesive back velcro to fix the lights remote control here just below my desk so without looking I can turn the light on and off and adjust the brightness to my needs next up is the central Hub and in the spirit of reducing as much floor space used as possible it all starts with this rolling light stand by impact and since I have my camera rigged onto this I can't risk it tipping over so you can see that I have these sandbags here on these feet from the bottom up connected to the central pillar of the Rolling light standand is a small 9 in by 9 in Gator Frameworks clamp on shelf which is where my power bar and power brick goes by the way this power bar is fed all the way to to the outlet behind my Billy bookshelf and it's prettyy clean because like the shelves I also use the hole saw and a grommet on the door itself we'll gradually get to what's plugged into this power bar but next up on the central column is this large 11x 15in clamp on shelf on it I have this 6-year-old cigit TS3 Hub which is still going strong for my needs while simultaneously constantly keeping my camera's battery fully charged so I never have to worry about charging and swapping batteries out as we get to the first telescoping Ridge of the central column this is where I have a super clamp by impact with a 6-in extension arm holding a brass spigot with a 38 in head where I attached this old tripod ball head which holds a quick release plate so I can get my camera on and off very quickly the biggest benefit to this is that it's all tightly and permanently anchored so I know that whenever I attach my camera to this quick release plate it's at the perfect height position and angle to frame my shot with the bookshelves perfectly centered and I could just press record and start talking with confidence and these two cables the USB cable for my camera which is plugged into that Cal digigit Hub and this HDMI cable are tied to that 6-in extension arm so when I mount my camera onto this quick release base I don't have to go fishing for the right cables they're right here and I can plug the USB cable in for power and the HDMI cable for what we'll talk about next which is directly above the super clamp that holds the camera housing this is way Overkill but this is a 6-in jaw vice grip that shoots out and on the end I have a grip head and anchor to the grip head with a standard qu2 brass spigot is the bottom of this cheap 7-in monitor by Fuel world this monitor is where the other end of that HDMI cable is plugged in this makes it so that when I'm recording my talking head like I am right now I can clearly see to ensure that I'm in focus and that I am indeed recording and also to validate my audio levels to really save myself headaches and I can't believe this took me over a year to implement is where I used to have to charge and swap out these gigantic batteries for the monitor I recently bought this cheap 12vt 3M safely compatible power supply cable which gets plugged into that power bar on the bottom shelf which permanently supplies juice to the monitors so I never have to deal with batteries anymore so all of this would be perfect if I only needed to do talking head shot but since most of my videos also have top down shots of my desk I needed a permanent flatlay shot solution as well so at the very top of that rolling stand I have another grip head which enables me to connect this 40-in extension grip arm this grip arm took a lot of initial trial and error to position perfectly but again the primary goal of a studio setup is to do it once and be good for as long as we want so after the initial 30 minutes of testing and tweaking it's now positioned perfectly with another grip head at the front to which I've connected Joby 5K ball head to which that plays nice with the same quick release plate connected to the bottom of my camera for the perfectly positioned top down angle there are a bunch of things anchored to the extension arm as well but first and foremost is this tennis ball with a slot cut into it to fit onto the back end if this neon soft tennis ball was not here I would have lost my eyeball a long time ago but as for gear I have another small monitor by field World connected to the extension arm by a mini clamp with an articulating arm by small rig like the talking headshot monitor this one too has that same power cable linked into the power bar so no worries of batteries and charging this monitor is much more important than the talking head one since when I'm filming top down shot shots I really need to see what's in frame the only thing that requires a little bit of babysitting in terms of batteries are my microphone setup I use this older Road Wireless go-to set and I've gotten in the habit of charging them immediately after every shoot which in and of itself is made convenient by having two USBC cables with these orange Flags coming out of the power bar on the bottom shelf I've avoided talking cameras and lenses here because I genuinely think that they are the absolute least important components of this setup not because I'm one of those gear doesn't matter people but specifically because this is an indoor studio with predict and controllable lighting I think camera and lens considerations are so much more important for Run and Gun scenarios where you cannot control the lighting that said for anyone who's interested I use the 4-year-old Sony A7 S3 released back in 2020 as for lenses for my talking head shot I use one of their cheapest lenses the 35mm f1.8 where when filming my talking head it's wide open at f1.8 to give me as blurry a background as possible for my top down shots I switch over to their 24 to 105 mm F4 zoom lens since doing tabletop shots I sometimes to punch in and out with the Zoom by the way I'm introducing everything at the same time but this setup took me over 2 years to gradually build up and although everything is link down in the description for you to research more for yourself I really feel compelled to caution against knee-jerk purchasing anything since what works for me may not work for you that said if your setup ends up looking anything like this by far and I mean by a huge margin the most important things in this entire setup are these sandbags and this tennis ball because they prevent injury as well as catastrophe what originally felt like a huge limitation of living in an apartment and not having a lot of space has become a blessing in disguise to have a super efficient and effective permanent setup to be able to just make videos whenever I have the time to enjoy this beautiful hobby of YouTube but this has been a look at this tiny section of my bedroom however if you want to see the miracle I've made in my living room you will definitely want to watch this video right over here I'll leave it on screen for a few seconds so you have time to click to watch it but while you're doing that consider liking subscribing and hitting that Bell so you'll be notified in my new videos just like this one Dr e

  Top Comments:
  1. @FrankiePacino [1 likes]: this is one of the most useful videos on youtube.... amazing.. love your pace of speaking and editing too, no droning on like most youtubers
  2. @billypowers3297 [1 likes]: DIG your content.  Straightforward and very similar to what we use.  Any recommendations for Mini RGB LED "under cabinet" lights?  Our latest puck lighting, even at 24 fps setting, still showing the horizontal lines.
  3. @chauphammatser3011 [1 likes]: I love the lighting in your videos, and now I can see why. You have made a great set up, congratulations on it! It is really encouraging how you share what you are doing. Thank you!
  4. @seekingspiritus: Love that moody dim light! Impressive set up.
  5. @hypnosisthatworks: How high is your ceiling? My space is only 6' 4"
  6. @DanJin24: Maurice, how is it that your main video camera makes your shot look a bit darker, while the side shot from another camera seems like your room is much brighter? How are you achieving that darker look with your main camera?
  7. @DanJin24: Hey Maurice, did you ever play jitz at Metro back in the day? :)
  8. @williamnorried2193: Dude! Retired recently and could have used you running my meetings at work. Thanks for answering so many of my questions in such a short amount of time. Entertainment injections were perfect yet not distracting to the information provided. This is a perfect presentation as I am now able to go back through and stop where needed. Thanks!
  9. @martinp8889: Very interesting. Love the lighting and stage management. I like the dark effects 😊
  10. @kingcobrahs: Very professional compact setup- well done!
  11. @marionannmacredie: Ps. My recording studio is in my bedroom closet 😁
  12. @marionannmacredie: Why don’t you have the same bookcase on the opposite side where you could similarly hide all the grar and cables, give you something nice to look at and provide a nice barrier from your bed.  Great ideas!
  13. @richardpellis: Minimalism applied to YT studio for the win. Thanks for taking the time to share your setup.
  14. @ShadowySancturary: Well this donation is for “thanks for your videos”, and “questions” as well. 

If someone like me who’s watching from Turkey, how would they make their EDC? Would they use bellroy or anything you have in their country? This is a good idea for “budget EDC for people outside US” video. 😅
  15. @Aznboy430: Awesome video! I want to ask where did you get the vinyl wrap for your MacBook? I like the colors! Thanks
  16. @Danilyn_Livao: Wow, this is truly impressive! 🙂 It's inspiring to see how thoughtful and practical choices can turn a small area into something so efficient and livable. Thanks for sharing your process! 💛
  17. @BlakeStoffel: Did someone get a new Explorer? I hope so! Such a nice watch.
  18. @kamilk6807: Thank you for the inspiration
  19. @cristinaph: Hi Maurice! I’m so amazed by what you’ve done here 😍 I am not tech savvy but would like to make YouTube channel as well, using my iPhone. I do have 2 small lights (main and filler), and a lapel mic. Hope one day you can make a video on a Super Simple Beginner version of your amazing bedroom studio 😁
  20. @tambolin92: Thanks for your videos! 
Do you mind me asking what you do for work that allows you to travel so much??

- Pro-Level YouTube Studio Setup in a Tiny Office Space: Kind: captions Language: en one of the biggest barriers to creating content on a regular basis is honestly just setting up all of your gear to film your videos but after living in small apartments for the last 5 years I've designed a YouTube studio in my small second bedroom that lets me set up and start filming in just 5 minutes in this video I'm going to break down every element of my setup from the desk and the lighting to the camera and my editing station I'll show you how I've maximized this small space without sacrificing video quality so that hopefully you'll get some ideas on how you can do the same thing in your space and a big thanks to Riverside for partnering with today's video all right so starting out let me explain a bit about this room so this is relatively small it's about 2.7 M by about 3 m and it also has an inbuilt wardrobe which is really handy for storing all of my camera gear and equipment and over the past few years I've tried a whole bunch of different setups in this room and this is essentially currently what I've landed on as the best setup I have two desks in this space which just fit plus my big bookshelf which also serves as some visual interest in my a roll shot but honestly it is pretty small in here I even struggle with a wide angle lens on my camera to be able to get a full shot of the entire room cuz actually can't get back far enough all right next when it comes to lighting lighting is the main thing that I don't have centralized around my desk and this is mainly because I've got a huge soft box I've got it attached to a molus g200 crb light but this soft box is amazing if you're a content creator or if you're looking to get started I highly recommend getting a softbox especially over the small LED panels you you can get they tend to give you much harsher shadows and just not look as good and of course this will depend on the space that you're in so if you want a much smaller space just get a smaller soft box you don't need one quite this big but for me because it's a dedicated space I can leave this permanently set up and I'm not using it I just fold it into the corner so it's not so intrusive and then again when I want to use it I just swing it around so it's facing me and we're good to shoot then for my rim light I actually just use a little handheld C light which I just leave on top of my bookshelf and this just shines down and gives me a little bit of an accent to help separate me from the back ground and then finally in terms of my feel light to fill in this shadowed side of my face a little bit I actually just use my ultra wi monitor I tend to just bring up the notes app which is just all white and that just gives me some nice feel on my face and then when it comes to my podcast I tend to generally film this during the day and so instead of using my artificial lighting setup I'll actually just turn around face my laptop and then make sure the blind is open and I'll use natural light to film my podcast now to film my podcast I actually use Riverside today's partner one of the biggest reasons why I use Riverside is because it's really easy to use it's super centralized so I don't have to set up multiple cameras I don't have to work with raw video files and audio files back when I first started my podcast we were recording it in person and let me tell you it was so much effort setting up the camera setting up the microphones eventually we decided to switch to Riverside cuz it was just so much more streamlined and straightforward I literally just have to grab my webcam put on top of my laptop open up my Riverside Studio swing my mic out open my blind and I'm good to start recording Riverside is also great because it records all of your files locally meaning you get maximum image and audio quality and then these local files will get uploaded to the cloud so you can edit them in your Riverside editor and this again has heaps of really great tools to maximize the efficiency of your editing process including things like being able to quickly edit using a text based editor you can remove filler words and silencers in your podcast using AI you can add autogenerated captions add your own music overlays and much more and then I also really like to use Riverside to repurpose my actual long form YouTube videos I'll just upload them to my studio and then again you can use AI to automatically turn your long form content into short form Clips using a feature called Magic Clips if you want to check out Riverside then you can sign up for a free account using the link in the description and then if you want to upgrade to a paid subscription you can use the code nick2 to get 20% off now let's get back to my studio Central focus in my office which is my desk and I've essentially built everything around my desk so that I can easily switch from editing or working scripting that kind of thing to filming super fast and like I said I can usually set up in about 5 minutes so this desk is a standing desk from omnidesk I really like it I've had it for a couple of years now but there's a few ways I've really tried to optimize it for efficiency first on the left side of the desk I've got a peg board which I've got a whole bunch of frequently used cables on I used to have them all just bunched up in a huge mess but now cables that I need for data transfers or for charging devices all get put up here as well as my unboxing scissors some handy tools that I use on a regular basis and my little base plate tool which which I used to attach my camera to my gimbal next I have a desk mat from orbit key which I really love I've had this for ages and one of the biggest reasons why I've kept it over other mats is just this little Groove in the top and I use this to store all sorts of quick access things especially my little SD cards I love to just put these in the little Groove when I'm transferring data and stuff like that now I've also permanently attached my microphone to my desk using an Elgato mic stand and this means I'm able to easily fold this out of the way when I'm not using it and then anytime I want to shoot a video I can just quickly fold it out and I'm good to go now when I record my podcast I actually don't use my main mirrorless camera just because it's too much hassle to connect to my desktop so instead I use a webcam and the main webcam I use is from obsbot I just really like the video quality from this one so this permanently just sits on top of my monitor and then I can just move it about when I'm wanting to record and then last but not least arguably my favorite little feature of this desk is that I've plugged in a quick charger in the cable management tray and then attached a cable to the underside of the desk desk where I can easily clip it in and out so that I can charge devices on my desk especially in my camera anytime I finished a shoot I'll just quickly pop it on charge so that it's ready to go for the next video so next up let's talk a bit about how I've got my camera set up now again basically for ease of setup I've got a tripod basically permanently set up next to my desk so again anytime I want to start shooting I just attach my preview monitor to the top of my camera clip the camera into my tripod and I'm good to film next for audio I generally use my road pod mic M and again this really works well for me because I've got it permanently attached to my desk I've Got It Wide in using XLR under my desk using the cable management tray and then it's plugged into the broadcaster Duo which again is permanently plugged into my USB hub so anytime my computer is plugged in I am literally good to open up Garage Band and start recording my audio the next part of this whole setup that I've slowly been refining over the past few years is my backdrop and overall I'm really happy with it for now like I said I've got my bookshelf on this side where I keep some of my camera and accessories and also like having my indoor plants and then directly behind me is my other standing desk which in all honesty I don't personally use that much sometimes I use it for b-roll shoots but I tend to do pretty much all of my work from this desk so my second desk has kind of become more of a backdrop element I might change this in the future but for now this is what I've got then last but not least we've got my editing station which is increasingly becoming my planning and scripting station cuz I'm doing less editing these days but the way I've currently got it set up is that my Mac is permanently set up on a grov made laptop stand and I pluged this into an ivanky USB hub which connects my Mac to all of my accessories my monitor and ethernet but I store pretty much all of my footage and files on my NZ which is an ice wild zimba Cube Pro and I also recently got a stream deck which has been an incredible addition to my entire setup I'm going to do an entire dedicated video talking about this so if you've got anything you'd like to know or you're interested in hearing more about then let me know in the comments but I think my LG monitor it's probably my favorite piece of tech just because I spend so many hours looking at this thing every single day and I really love it it's been amazing for productivity both because you can do multiple things at once but also because I genuinely look forward to coming in here and working every day and that is essentially how I've got my little YouTube Studio setup I really hope that gave you some ideas for your own setup let me know in the comments what you would add or change or if you've got any recommendations for things that I should adjust don't forget to check out Riverside using the link in the description if you're looking for a centralized content creation platform and if you're looking for more tips on YouTube setups and content creation then make sure you check out this video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @DustinMillerPolyInnovator [3 likes]: Nick just a heads up. I was one of Riversides original partners, and they ghosted me after a while. I've heard a lot of other creators share similar stories. So just keep yourself aligned if it suits you, but don't overextend is what I wanted to share. :goodvibes:
  2. @Rajrxsinger [2 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉
  3. @DustinMillerPolyInnovator [2 likes]: 5:30 great cable management!
  4. @frankmck458 [2 likes]: Thanks for the video. Looks like a great setup.👍
  5. @as7velas [1 likes]: It's funny how you guys consider a 3 meters x 2.7 meters room a TINY room...It's a pretty average room size here in Brazil, so what's a challenge for you is just our average living
  6. @Rajrxsinger [1 likes]: ❤❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @matthewbmarsh7034 [1 likes]: What is the copper lamp sitting on your desk?
  8. @potatopc64 [1 likes]: lo que más me gusta es el hecho de que esta todo organizado
  9. @haliml: Your 'tiny' office is hilariously bigger than what I'm working with.
  10. @ollied2025: Is a big softbox vital? It looks absolutely huge compared to everything else
  11. @Mannybass: Which camera and lense do you use? Great image
  12. @DavidSamuelHn: Genial
  13. @CasioBioassay: 2:20 should have showed us the results
  14. @H76Pro: It is about the same size as my room. but I use it as a store too!!
  15. @EverydayDiscipleship: JI Packer on the bookshelf 🔥
  16. @IamEQUIX: One question: ivanky working only mac?
  17. @MartinV.: cool!
  18. @sudeeep1: Hey Nick, nice video mate, , May I pls ask which  excat tabletop model you have from Omnidesk, as shown in your video? Thanks :)
  19. @XeRreaction: What about the chair?
  20. @willmac623: awesome vid, helps a lot!

- My Professional YouTube Studio Setup in a TINY room!: Kind: captions Language: en If you like what you're seeing and hearing right now, then great, because I'm going to show you how you can achieve the exact same thing by giving you a tour of my super simple YouTube studio setup. So, let's start out by talking about the audio. And I am using the Shaw MV7 on the Road PSA 1 boom arm. And I'm just going to get my little Go 3 to show you what I'm looking at. So, as you can see, I've just literally got the boom arm attached to my desk just over here, which makes it really convenient to just pop in and out of the way when I need to record. And then the MV7 itself, I think honestly sounds awesome. I've been super impressed with it. It's not too expensive. You can get it for like $150 thereabouts. And it plugs just directly into my MacBook Pro. And I just record straight into Garage Band. So, it's actually really simple to use and straightforward. The downside is that the mic is in shot, but if you don't mind that too much, then I think the MV7 is an awesome option. Now, talking about the camera, so the camera I'm currently shooting on is the Sony a6600. And I've had this camera for maybe 2 years now, and I honestly love it. Like any camera in the Sony 6000 range, they're all really great cameras, like the 6400, the 6600, and there's a new one that was just released as well. and they're all honestly really great cameras. Can't recommend them enough because you get great image quality, but they don't cost too much money. On the front of it, I've got a classic Sigma 16 mm. And the great thing about this is that it's a 16 mm, which means it's quite wide. So, I'm in a relatively small studio. As you can see, it's quite small. Like, it's definitely not massive, but the fact that it's a wide-angle lens means my studio looks quite large. like it looks bigger than it actually does in real life. And the other big benefit to this is that it's got an aperture of 1.4, which means it enables you to get that really out of focus background, which is really nice and helps make your videos just look more professional, which is often hard to achieve on APS-C cameras like the Sony A600. So, for those two reasons, I'm a huge fan of this lens. Also, definitely recommend it. Now, when it comes to the tripod that the camera is sitting on, I've actually got a really basic I think it's an Inca tripod that again, I probably got this like 5 plus years ago because the thing is you really don't need anything too fancy when it comes to a tripod. As long as it holds your camera up securely and safely and enables you to level out the camera, you really can't go too wrong. Now, let's talk about lighting because lighting is the thing that really makes the biggest difference when it comes to your own setup. So for me, right in front of me, I've got a Aperture 120D Mark II and I've just got it sitting on a seastand. And the benefit for me of having on the seaand is it means that I can just leave it set up all the time. Don't have to pack it down every time I stop filming or set it up. I just leave it set up all the time. And it is kind of on the bulky side. At least the softbox part of it is. But it's honestly an amazing light. Couldn't be happier with it. Now, if you go and look up this particular model, it's still relatively expensive. I paid about $1,200. It might have been about a grand US. But since then, Aperture Amaran have actually released some really good lights that are pretty much the same thing, if not even a little bit better for only about $200, which is the amaran 100D. I definitely recommend getting the amaran 100D. Very similar to this light. And then when it comes to a soft box to put on that light, it's kind of two options. You can either get a similar light dome to this. I reckon the light dome SE is a really good option. and going the light dome route is a good pick if you want kind of a darker background like me because it helps you to focus the light in one direction. The alternative is if you want a brighter background as well as making sure you're well lit, then the aperture lantern is also a good option because it will light your whole scene really nicely and evenly. Now, in terms of the hair light, which you can probably see here. So, you've got a bit of this kind of gold accent on my hair. That's actually coming from a Loom Cube [music] LED light, which I've got literally just have just got a pole standing on a light stand. And then the other end of the pole I've got just sitting on top of my bookshelf. And then I've literally just attached the light to that. And you don't need any sort of fancy rigging like this. You can literally just put this onto a light stand or I could even just put it resting on my bookshelf to probably have a pretty similar effect. And having it shine down behind me on top of me. If I turn this light off, you can get a sense of what it's actually doing. So you can see it's just adding that bit of extra accent which helps to separate me from the background. So I'll turn this light back on. So yeah, those two lights really makes a huge difference to my setup. And then behind me I've just got a couple of practical lights. So over here I have my classic neon cloud which I've had again for probably like 3 years. Pretty much never turning off to be honest. And I think it just adds a bit of visual interest, bit of a pop of color in my background. And then on the other side I have just a regular old desk lamp that once again I've had that desk lamp for probably like 6 years or something like that. I've got a smart bulb in it so I can change the color temperature or the actual color of the bulb. But putting some lights into your scene just in the background can be a really nice way to just add some visual interest just to spice up your frame a little bit. So yeah, that is pretty much my entire YouTube recording setup. As I said, it's actually really simple and easy to achieve. If you're keen to learn more ways of improving the production quality of your YouTube videos or online content, then make sure you subscribe to my newsletter, Create Better, where I share all of the information that I've learned over the past 3 and a half years of how to make sure your videos look good. And if you want to see my entire studio, including my other desk and other gear that I've got in here, check out this video here. Other than that, I hope you have an amazing day and I'll see you very soon in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Melbournetravel111 [5 likes]: Algorithm should push this video. This is a really great video. I only found this because I filtered my search results by time. Keep up the good work bro. Thanks for sharing this.
  2. @KevinKolbe [4 likes]: Really nice setup and vibe too. Thanks for sharing.
  3. @asan1050 [4 likes]: Nick Kendall . ThanksMuch for sharing !
  4. @Hasta-TV [2 likes]: This video deserves more views 💙🔥
  5. @hannwn [1 likes]: Nice set up man and great video!
  6. @gamefreakneo [1 likes]: Just wanted to leave a thank you for this video and let you know, that you come across very sympathetic. Way to go! 👍👍
  7. @yadhustrivend [1 likes]: HEY NICK, ARE YOU USING A BLACK DIFFUSION FILTER WHILE FILMING THIS VIDEO?
  8. @eyobtamiru5465 [1 likes]: It has nice looking.....did you color grade the video or it just out of camera?
  9. @muddassirahmad36 [1 likes]: Very practical
  10. @luqmaan_aadan [1 likes]: Thanks alot i understood many things this was helpful
  11. @yourcareermastery [1 likes]: Awesome video! Your audio sounds great on the MV7. Mine sounds rubbish - I plug my MV7 via XLR into a beachtek DXA micro pro, which then goes into my Sony ZV 10. Then I edit in light works. Very much a novice but any tips recommended - I had a tonne of issues syncing audio in post that I wanted a solution where I could just record audio and video in one file. Any tips?
  12. @SamCambetis [1 likes]: Great video! Thanks for sharing!
  13. @MV_2022 [1 likes]: Nice man! Love your studio, remember explain more about the plants, some studies about it etc do a complete video some will appreciate 😊❤
  14. @MikeStevens [1 likes]: Ace tips mate, thank you!
  15. @Ytforver: Share your settings in GarageBand..
Are you using compressor, limiter, eq, any 3rd patty plugin?
What else do you do in post for sound 
. please share all the details
  16. @youtubeRm12: What is the name of your tripod and where you bought it from ? Thank you and jesus bless you ✝️🙏
  17. @VladyslavKL: 🕊
  18. @nealpennington223: What glasses frames are those?
  19. @lukogs: Do you have to boost the audio when recording through USB? I see some channels mentioning they have to boost db level for it to sound as same as when using the audio interface setup. Also does all macbook comes with garage band software or is it free to use software that only be used with macbooks?

- Transform Your Bedroom Into A YouTube Studio ($5 - $250): Kind: captions Language: en This is how you take a poorly lit, boring-looking bedroom and transform it into a professional YouTube studio. Whether you've got $5, $50, or a couple hundred dollars, this video is going to give you all the knowledge you need to film professional-looking videos in the comfort of your own home. We're going to start off with almost no money and some super basic concepts, and then we're going to build off those ideas with increasingly larger budgets. And our first budget is $5. Seriously, like like $5. First things first, we desperately need a light source. Any light under $5 is not going to be doing you any favors. So, for this first setup, we're going to be relying completely on all-natural window light. As you can see, windows are a big, soft, bright light source, and it looks really flattering on camera. Just by opening up that window, letting some nice sunlight in, this already looks so much better than where we started. But, it's not great. We need to adjust our camera settings. Now, if you haven't learned the basic camera settings yet, like shutter speed, aperture, ISO, white balance, you'll still be able to achieve a pretty good look. But, using manual settings will be able to dial it in and get exactly the look we're going for. I'm actually getting some gross, shadowy raccoon eyes from my ceiling light. So, if I turn that switch off, I actually think this looks super natural. Next, if we move the camera back and ourselves along with it, that's going to blur out the background a little bit more. It really helps you pop and get that professional look. Lastly, this is going to vary a lot depending on your room, but remove anything from the background that's kind of distracting or unpleasing, as well as you can add anything to the background. Like if you have a bookcase or a shelf or a plant. Okay, and this didn't apply to my particular setup, but the reason this is a $5 budget is some of you are going to end up filming at an angle where the window is over here, so this side of your face is very bright and this side is very dark. And all you need to do to fix this is run to the store and for a couple dollars, pick up a piece of white foam board. And what you can do is actually put it on the opposite side of your face and bounce the window light onto the shadow side of your face. What's cool is this is totally adjustable. So if you want it pretty close to even, you can get it very close to your face. And if you want a little more shadow, you can just move it farther away and get that high contrast look. And there you go. I would totally watch a video that looks like this. The difference is massive. But what could we do if we had $50? For $50, you've basically got two options. A light bulb with an umbrella or a softbox. Or you can get a small, cheap LED panel. I'm going to be using this small battery-powered LED. It's super bright. It's portable. Apparently, mine's discontinued, but there are a ton of these things you can find online for around $50. Okay, so this is what it looks like if we just take an LED panel and throw it right on top of our camera. And it kind of works, but it's not great. Right now, that's the only light in this whole room. The background is way too dark, so let's see how it looks like if I turn the lights back on. So now we've got the on-camera light, we've got the ceiling lights, and the background looks a little better, but I've kind of got those shadows coming back under my eyes. What you can do is once again take a white piece of foam board, put it at about a 45° angle to the side of the camera, and then take that harsh LED, bounce it off that. When the light hits the board, it's going to scatter, diffuse, and become an overall bigger light source, which is going to soften it as it hits your face. To take it a step further, we can take one more piece of foam board, and if you put it on the other side of your face, it'll fill in some of those shadows. You can see if I take it away and then put it back. This is still sort of a janky DIY setup, but for $50, the big advantage is we can now choose our background. We could film at night, we could film in the morning, we can film in any direction because we have a lighting setup. But if you're serious about YouTube and you've got some cold, hard cash just burning a hole in your pocket, get ready because this next setup is the one I personally use. All right, so this is how I'm currently setting up my bedroom for YouTube videos. It's definitely gone through some iterations over the years, but I've landed on this sort of natural-looking orange and blue tone look. Basically, I've got a much larger LED panel with a nice soft box on it as my key light. For my fill, again, just another LED panel on a light stand. Both of these are sort at 45° angles, a little bit above head height, and angled slightly down. One of the to having dedicated gear like this is I can set it up exactly the same every time, or I can make super minor adjustments. Right now, I've just got the key light on me, definitely a dark and moody vibe. Now, I've switched on the fill light, still a super dark background, but I'm a little bit more evenly lit. If I want to turn my ceiling light on, that kind of just brightens the background a little bit more. It's not quite so moody. The goal of this video wasn't to get you to copy me exactly, although you're more than welcome to, but more so start figuring out how you can work with your particular space. Maybe you just need a better background, or maybe you do need to invest in lights. Whatever it is, hopefully this gave you some ideas. Everything I use is going to be linked in the description down below. So, if you're interested, you can definitely check that out. If you want to learn more about content creation or video production, I'll link a video somewhere. And as always, have fun, stay creative, and I'll see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @سيلفر_وولف [1 likes]: 5$
Then bro brings a bazooka camera lens
  2. @noelle_asmr [1 likes]: thank you josh for this. very helpful
  3. @powersports9267: Faaaaaaa
  4. @ChristofferLindquist: Great video, thanks! Where can I buy such a large softbox that you have in this video, to go on a large led panel? I've been searching but haven't been able to find a big enough one. What are the dimensions of your softbox and what is the brand and model?
  5. @The_Craw: Simple and awesome video!!  Great job
  6. @Sidreallife: THanks for this content. loved the ideas
  7. @mndy191: omg great video! this is so helpful for my budget. im gonna buy some foam board rn lol also how did you do the animations of the camera settings at 1:10? i want to have animations like that but not sure how to get started
  8. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, random but curious question:
How do you control your recording setup — the background, the sound, and the space — when you’re filming in a small or shared room?
  9. @MelissaMelly1010: For us balling on a budget, I love this!!
  10. @DjCatchXXII: Thanks for the tips. I’m using my small bedroom to create and shoot my videos. These tips will definitely help my videos look better. Thanks 🙏🏾
  11. @gowhardhanravichandran8647: I've heard your voice somewhereeee..... Walter White Jr😉
  12. @extrajordanary1: The foam board trick is really interesting. Thanks for the tips!
  13. @wesleysnipes9454: $5 dollar t-shirt has to go, and your sound not good. I would get wireless mics after your camera choice or just use your cell phone and before lights and backdrop...
  14. @carolvechini: I was expecting you talk about the light on the background :/
  15. @MyCompoundLife: Lesson learnt, foam board I need
  16. @the_general_contractor_network: great vid
  17. @zariahstar858: Amazing
  18. @FabioDiBenedetto-yt: https://youtu.be/C2au1Yj_8sQ?si=RN_CghIhzZxSZ6Ug
  19. @ShinGidora: That intro got me good! Awesome setup
  20. @bennettphotography08: For everyone saying that the reason it looks good is because he's using an expensive camera, you can make literally almost any camera look good if you know how to light your subject decently well. Obviously, there's a couple exceptions, but especially at the beginning stage and low budget, this will work perfectly fine

- TINY Room YouTube Studio Setup on a BUDGET!: Kind: captions Language: en today I want to show you our tiny storage room that I turned into a fully functional YouTube Studio slome office desk area this setup in a super small 2x2 met area allows me to easily start shooting videos for YouTube create thumbnails and product shots edit content and store all my gear now I'm a pretty budget-minded person so a lot of the things that I'll be sharing are budget options or DIY ideas but I will also leave links to all the gear and things that I talk about down in the description so you can go check it out if you're interested so let's first take a look at the room itself the entire room is 2 m wide and about 4 M long and it was actually meant as a storage room in our apartment my YouTube studi slesk area only takes up half of the room because the rest of the room is still being used as storage space that means I have about 2x 2 m of space to work with so very small and one thing you would never notice in these videos is that there's actually a window behind me here but as you can see it doesn't look that nice so whenever I'm shooting a video I cover it up with this frame for Sound Treatment I have a set of DIY sound panels on the wall and they're a very cheap option with pretty good results of course in a small space like this there isn't that much sound treatment needed but I do find that these make a slight difference sound panels no sound panels sound panels no sound panels to make these I bought some sound panels on Amazon and glued them on the back panel of a picture frame that allows me to just hang the sound panel like a picture frame and I can also easily take them down besides that I just had to drill one hole per sound panel instead of having to attach all of these sound panels separately to the wall I do have a few separate ones in the corner here and the one behind my monitor is not really meant to do any Sound Treatment but serves more as a textured backdrop for product shots all right next let's move on to the most important part of this studio and that is the desk itself so the desk is B basically where the entire Studio lives on and I could essentially move this desk into a different room and I would have everything ready and set to record and edit videos so the desk itself is a simple Ikea tabletop and on one side I have some very basic table legs and on the other side I have the Ikea Alex drawers and I'll show you why this kind of awkward cable is here by the end of the video when I talk more about everything that's inside these drawers now the desk is only 1 M 20 wide so even with these basic table legs and all the stuff that I have mounted on here it's not too Wiggly the main component on this desk is the 6-in-1 desk Mount by vion I got this desk Mount because I needed a compact solution for mounting my light my camera and my microphone but the best thing about it is that it's so incredibly affordable for how versatile and good quality it is most of these parts are made out of metal and just very very solid it would be nearly impossible to have different stands for lights microphone and Camera camera in this tiny room so it's extremely useful that I can essentially rig an entire recording setup to this one Mount having everything mounted and ready to go makes it so much easier to start shooting a video it literally takes me maybe 5 or 10 minutes to set everything up and I'm ready to hit record besides that everything is also out of the way very quickly when I'm not using it and I don't have a bunch of stands everywhere taking up valuable space on the floor the and desk Mount also has a nice cable management system built in which keeps things organized and tidy recently I also did a small modification or add-on to this desk Mount which makes it even more versatile and I'll share that in a little bit but let's first look at everything else that is mounted on this desk rig the vison kit comes with an arm that has a Vasa adapter and that allows me to mount my monitor which frees up space on the desk plus it allows me to easily swing the monitor out of the way whenever I want to record product shots or shoot thumbnails the monitor is an lg27 ul 550w and it's an affordable 4K monitor and for its price it has pretty accurate and consistent colors it's a 27in 10bit IPS panel and it covers 98% of the srgb color spectrum which is fine but of course specs would be better on a more premium Monitor and on top of the monitor I have one of the recent additions to this desk setup this was sent over to me by Ben q and it's the Ben Q screen bar Halo monitor light and I never really considered a monitor light before but I actually really love having this especially because the room light in here is not that Pleasant and I thought about adding a desk lamp but because the desk is so small it would take up too much valuable space besides that research has shown that having good light reduces eye strain and fatigue when you're spending a lot of time in front of a screen so it's important to have equal Lighting in front and behind your monitor to reduce contrast so basically your eyes don't have to work as hard and that's one of the great things about this BenQ monitor light besides the obvious front light it also has a back light which lights up the wall behind the Monitor and it doesn't just serve as a nice mood light but also provides bias lighting which helps to reduce that contrast between the Monitor and the workspace this BenQ monitor light also has a unique asymmetrical lighting design that completely reduces any glare on the monitor it was also really easy to install it has this kind of flexible clip so you just pop it on top of the Monitor and because of this flexible clip it will pretty much fit on every kind of monitor even curved monitors and it's USB powered so if your monitor has a USB plug you can just plug it in there another cool little feature is the wireless controller it comes with you simply hover your hand over it to activate it and then you can dial in all the different settings for example brightness or color temperature you can also also turn on or off each individual light so you can turn on only the front light only the back light or both but what I really love is that the light bar actually has a built-in sensor and you can have it adjust all the settings automatically depending on the ambient light and you can even save your favorite setting With This Heart button so this monitor light is definitely one of the more premium accessories that I currently have on this desk setup but it does really upgrade my working experience all right next thing that I have mounted on the desk Mount is the camera I'm using the Sony A7 Mark II and for these YouTube videos I have the Sony 14 mm f1.8 G Master mounted on the camera this lens is of course extremely wide and maybe a little bit Overkill but at the same time I really like that it makes the room look bigger and I can for example include my monitor in the shots but I do have to make sure that I stay clear of the edges because otherwise the warping gets a little bit too much but besides that I really like the look of this super wide shot and also the f1.8 aperture creates some nice separation between me and the wall even though I'm only like 50 cm or less away from the wall I usually mount my phone on top of the camera with this very simple smartphone cold true Mount that way I have my notes or script closed by whenever I'm recording a video as far as lighting goes I have two lights lighting me and then I have two extras to spice up the background my key light is the newer 480 LED panel light which is a very affordable small bolor LED panel light and it's not super bright but it gets the job done in this small space for my talking head shot I usually have it set at 50% and for product shots I do have to crank it up to 100% the great thing about it is that it's pretty small and lightweight so it fits nicely on the desk Mount and you can also buy this compact soft box with it which again takes up a minimum amount of space so all in all this light is a good budget option for this type of setup but a nicer higher quality upgrade would be for example the Falcon eyes flexible LED panel but that does come at a much higher price to fill the other side of my face I'm using this small cheap byol LED light as a fill light I also use this as extra lighting for product shots and honestly it works totally fine for this price I just have it mounted on a small light stand to the side of me here just out of frame and then I also have another small light giving color to the background here this one is a small RGB light that was sent to me by sandmark quite a while ago and I really like the solid build quality and the rubber diffuser that it comes with I just have this mounted on a small tripod and I set it on the floor behind me pointing at the wall lastly I use this small RGB stick light from ulanzi as a practical light and to add a touch more color to the shot this was again super cheap and it works perfectly fine for having a second RGB light to complement the blue background light finally for sound I have the road video micro mounted on the microphone arm that also comes in this vazon set and again this is a budget friendly but quality microphone option I just have a 3.5 mm audio cable running down the arm and the desk Mount and then I just plug it straight into the Sony's mic input all right now let me show you how I further modified or extended this desk Mount to add another function to the entire rig because I really wanted a low impact and easy way to have colored backdrops for when I'm shooting product b-roll or product thumbnails and this is what I came up with I attached a super clamp to the desk Mount and this is just a manf froto super clamp and then I attached this extendable arm to the super clamp now I can take a piece of colored paper clamp it to the arm a voila I have a colored backdrop I'm still experimenting with perfecting this setup but so far I really like the idea of having this backdrop option added to the desk Mount so far I'm guessing you can tell that I generally really like budget options but one thing that's a little bit more difficult to go Budget on is the computer I recently upgraded from a 5-year-old MacBook Air to this 14in M1 MacBook Pro and it's a great little machine and the reason why I don't have a desktop Mac is simply because I want and need the ability to take my computer with me whenever I'm not at home when I am using it on this desk it lives in this nice wooden MacBook stand by calibri which doesn't just look great but also helps free up space on the desk by having the MacBook in clamshell mode my keyboard and mouse are then again budget options I use the iclever IC bk10 Bluetooth keyboard which is just a slim design Universal keyboard it's affordable and had good reviews on Amazon so I decided to try it out and so far I'm happy with it same story for the mouse it's an inic pm6 BS Bluetooth mouse that cost $13 it has good Amazon reviews and it's nothing special but honestly serves its purpose for me another really important thing to factor in with a small space like this is storage now I don't have a huge amount of gear but it still kind of nuts how much you end up collecting over the years when doing anything camera related whether it be photography or videography so pretty much all my gear lives in this Ikea drawer unit everything but my camera gear because that just lives in my camera bag I have one drawer for things like headphones clamps lens cloth multi-tool hard drives another one with more camera gear related things like like tripod plates and lens filters one with some audio and GoPro things and this one at the bottom stores my old MacBook a hard drive and my drone and then this one in the middle here with the awkward cable I use as a charging drawer so I have one of these power strips in the drawer and whenever I need to charge anything I just plug it in there and close the drawer so I never have battery chargers or things like that laying around on the desk they just charge in the drawer and they're out of the way now I realized that it's not the most techy or cool looking solution but it works and ultimately that's what matters the most and I think that kind of sums up what this YouTube Studio slesk setup is all about it's not the fanciest but it works and I'm sure that the further I progress in this YouTube Journey that this studio will also evolve with it and who knows maybe one day I will be in a bigger studio with a bigger desk but I hope that this video shows that there are budget solutions for any kind of situation and you don't necessarily need a big Studio with the fanciest gear at least that's what I think all right that's it for me thanks a lot for watching and I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KingWright-m1d [2 likes]: great information, thanks!
  2. @DougEdoleyi [1 likes]: You've done well, mate. Thank you.
  3. @michaelyolch [1 likes]: Incredibly well done and very inspiring! THANK YOU!
  4. @djohntalks [1 likes]: Thanks! was very helpful! Subbed.
  5. @TheJudesArchive [1 likes]: Good work. 👏 
I’m looking to upgrade my storage/home office also.
  6. @BurtonParker-v9c: Giải thích dễ hiểu quá!
  7. @falaketsxx: Seu vídeo chegou no brasil 🇧🇷
  8. @lylyphan6401: 2:39 How much do you use the bullet point when recording a video?
  9. @Justhunayn: Watching your video after being recommended by Gemini 😅
  10. @maverick_tomcat: Great information. I m looking to set up workbench with overhead lighting and this video provides some good options.
  11. @themotoriderjournal: I'm in the process of reclaiming some space from a small outbuilding that is used for storage.  It's been really challenging as there's just too much stuff in storage.  You've helped to motivate me to push ahead.
  12. @Thelent3: I could’ve used a flat screen on the wall
  13. @M.E.Npodcast: Do you have a link for your desk?
  14. @druid5561: That sound panel picture frame backing is a genius
  15. @ricardo_works: Amazing!
  16. @SINISTA_ONE: Thanks for the ideas. ❤
  17. @trackrideindia5898: I like this setup ❤❤
  18. @siradams: I need to find this mouse pad! :o
  19. @jasonmedouze5987: Camera???
  20. @adymix001: I love your keyboard and mouse. I have the same. No need to spend a fortune on a keyboard or mouse!

- Build The Ultimate 2025 YouTube Studio Setup (Perfect For Tiny Rooms): Kind: captions Language: en you will see today my 2025 new desk setup that's perfect for tiny spaces everything is on the desk even the lights I will show you what I use and why I use this specific equipment and give you all the prices so you know what to expect when you build something like this since last year I changed a lot of things on the desk I added new equipment and replaced some of it with more compact choices because my workflow changed because I create talking head videos I will start with my new upgraded camera rig I still Ed and I will continue to use my Sony Z V10 Mark 1 I don't need more than this it's the perfect camera for talking head videos I have the perfect image for what I do crystal clear HDMI 4K output if I need and the perfect autofocus at the time of publishing this video this body is around $698 keep in mind that prices can vary in time but the price it's in this area I pair the camera with the cage from small rig because I can attach other things to it if I need and it also greatly protects the camera plus I can attach the camera to the tripod without any plate because this has a built-in plate the cage is around $49 and for what it does it's worth every dollar the Sony zv1 is paired with my go-to lens Sigma 16 mm f1.4 this is still the best in 2025 for crop sensors and talking head videos look at this image and at the blur behind me because it's a crop sensor at 1.4 the image is incredible and the autofocus it's perfect this lens is around $399 at the time of publishing this video but if you sho talking head videos this is the only lens you need I've been using this for over 5 years and is the only thing I need I have the camera attached to this mini tripod from small R this is perfect for talking head videos and Desu it's stable the ballhead is reliable and it has two important mounting threads to connect other access on the bottom I connect my npf adapter plate because I like to power my camera with a dami battery that connects to an npf battery the other mounting thread it's on a side if you need it this triod is essential for my creation process and it has a price list of around $54 at the time of publishing this video for everything you see in this video I will add affiliate links in the description sometimes you can find them on sale if you click on my links you're not going to pay anything extra but I will earn a small commission and this will help me keep sponsors away from this Channel and create more valuable content for you thank you because I power my camera with the dummy battery connected to a big npf battery it offers me 7 plus hours of shooting with one charge the Demi battery is also from small rig and the npf battery is this special one that has a USBC port to charge it and output the power if you want and has another USB a port and a screen to see how much power you have I like to use this one because I can charge it when I record so basically it's like the camera is connected with a dami battery straight to the wall but if I want to move and change the position I just disconnect the battery and use it mobile for over 7 hours and also when I travel I use it as a power bank the Demi battery it's around $18 the big special npf battery $67 and adapter plate to connect everything is $54 the buildt looks like this and it's fantastic next I finally upgraded to Elgato prompter I used to shoot with a cheaper version from wanzi but that prompter requires a smartphone as a display and that can be uncomfortable and annoying most of the time with this one the workflow is significantly better and easier and I can control it with the stream deck I can use it as a screen and see myself if I want and when I have a zoom or Skype call I can see the person I'm speaking to on the prompter and look directly at that person this is a significant upgrade I had questions in the past about this teleprompter and the sigma 16 mm f1.4 yes it's working perfectly with this lens you can't see the frame of the prompter or a vignette and with a fullframe lens it's working perfectly with a 24 mm focal distance wider than this you will see the frame overall the Elgato prompter improves my workflow a lot the price of this fantastic piece of gear is around $279 at the time of publishing this video and I wouldn't change it for anything else to connect everything to my Mac I have a USB hub from anchor I like this particular one because it has a detachable USBC cable and I can use a short or a longer one if I want I connect to this my Elgato caming 4K that's connected to the HDMI port of the camera to use it as a webcam when I need I connect the prompter to it and my stream deck Excel and I connect to my computer one single USB for the entire cameraing all the cables are attached with velcro bands and I always use small cables to have a clean desk all the time this Hub it's around $79 they change the models all the time I don't know why I will try to find one that does exactly the same thing if I can't find this exact one to control my recording and part of my editing process I use my stream deck Excel I like this one because I don't want to switch Pages all the time I have the smaller version it's great but I use more than 15 buttons and I don't like to switch Pages all the time with this one I have everything I need on one page easy and fast to work with I plan to make a dedicated video about my stream deck settings and how I use them to make my recording and editing process easier here let me know if you're interested in this topic the cost of the controller is $249 this is my camera rig how I record my videos and how I control them now let's see what I use for audio this is more important than video for me no matter what I try I always come back to this microphone electrovoice re320 the sound it's bright and outstanding the variable D technology keeps the tone intact when I move a little bit the output power of this mic is great and I don't need a cloud lifter or a special audio interface the self noise it's extremely low it looks insanely good overall it's my favorite dynamic microphone for spoken word and talking head videos this is $290 and when I need more space and the shotgun microphone I still use my favorite shotgun mic Audio Technica 887 75r I still consider this one the best shotgun microphone for talking head videos this is $169 the mic arm I use with my r320 is the new newer pneumatic mic arm it looks powerful and it is powerful I like it because being pneumatic I don't need to tight or lose screws when I adjust something I just raise or lower the mic with one hand and it stays perfectly in place this mic are has three pieces if you want it longer and it is long it reaches 2.4 ft but I use it just with two pieces because I don't need it that long with two pieces the arm reaches 1.7 ft long and the price is excellent for what it does it costs around $76 now what I changed and why I replaced my roadter duo with a Scarlet Solo four generation why two reasons I no longer use the extra features that roadter offers roadter Duo is an outstanding piece of hardware and if you need extra channels if you need samples eics live processing or other things like these to your streams or Zoom or Skype calls this is the best choice but I don't do that anymore I changed my workflow and I use it just to record One microphone to connect my speakers and to connect my headphones I record with it I use just one microphone and I use it to have clean audio when I edit and process my recordings to do this the Scarlet solo 4 gen is perfect and the roadter duo is now overkill for my needs the second reason because I don't use the roadter at his maximum capacity anymore I don't want it to take up that much space on my desk the difference is Big Scarlet solo being small and compact long story short if you need extra channels fix live processing and other things go with the roadter it's awesome and if you just record One mic do simple Zoom or Skype calls listen to music and process the audio the Scarlet solo 4 generation is the best choice and I like to connect it to my MacBook with a separate cable not with my camera rig because I connect my camera rig on only when I shoot my videos the audio quality is delightful the price is excellent $139 and it also looks amazing on the desk and know I don't need a cloud lifter even with the sm7b and to listen to music and have a good audition when I process my audio I use two classic Yamaha hs5 studio monitors that sit onto foam pads I love how these speakers sounds and look and I like it because it has a decent size for this quality a pair of these monitors it's $399 and when I process my audio using headphones I use my buer Dynamic dt770 Pro these are $149 at the time of publishing this video now let's see what I use to edit process and light up my scenes and if you find this video useful until now don't forget to press the like button and maybe consider subscribing thank you everything that you saw until now is connected to my MacBook Pro 16 in M2 16 GB of RAM and 1 TB of storage for what I do is more than enough I work directly on my laptop I don't use external monitors I have been working for years on the go and I never like to work at home with big screens but when I need to do something outside my home when I don't have the displays to get the noise because I'm used to have big displays so I learned to be comfortable and do everything just with my laptop now if I work at home at a coffee shop or if I travel is the same for me I'm comfortable using the same display everywhere my MacBook display and to have the laptop at my eye level I use a simple laptop stand from Amazon I like it because I can take it with me being this small this is around $9 my peripherals are from Logitech I use the logi MX key Mac keyboard and an MX Master 3s I found them to be the most reliable and comfortable peripherals and I use this black big mouse pad I use it not as a mouse pad but I keep it on the desk because it helps with the reverberations and vibrations of the desk helping me to reduce the reflections of the desk any fabric mous pad will help you with that in front of me I have three pieces of wood slat acoustic panels also to help me get rid of of some reverberations and Reflections of My Voice on the right side I have my metal cup holder in the studio this is essential and on the left side under the desk I built from a small rig clamp a small rig magic arm and the phone holder a headphone holder I did this for fun I like to build things like this the tabletop is from Ikea the name of it is Idan and now the most important thing my video lights are attached to the desk to save space and I bounce the light to the wall in front of me to have this nice soft light I use to godo es 45s that come with desk stands and remotes I can not only control the intensity but also the color temperature which is mandatory for video creation I have used these for a long time and I love them because the light is great the control is great the space occupied it's almost zero and the price is excellent $139 for one piece at the time of publishing this video but the background is another story and this is also extremely important for talking head videos this one is much cheaper than you think and I have a dedicated video where I show you exactly how to create a goodlooking background even if you have just a white wall and how to invest less money in a background like this It's Tricky but easier than you think watch this andove improve the look of your videos easily fast and with less money

  Top Comments:
  1. @frankiewatching [1 likes]: Silly question: Can that camera be used for YouTube lives? Or would you recommend a different camera for live videos?
  2. @adamellistutorials [1 likes]: Do you not have light on your face?
  3. @Roy-d5g1f [1 likes]: Hey man how much do you charge to someone to help plan and set this up?
  4. @povestiripixelate [1 likes]: ai asa un accent mioritic
  5. @FadoGhani [1 likes]: Gabriel, it would be good to do a dedicated video on the stream deck. I have got mine but not sure if I will keep it... don't know the best use cases for it
  6. @haimb6294 [1 likes]: it's  AMAZING job - thought out to details and looks fantastic  - encouraging to create
  7. @IbiniyiPaul [1 likes]: I have been consuming your content. Thank you for the valuable information you dish to small creators like myself. I would love to use iphone 13 pro for making talking head videos, what do you think? Do you have a video I can watch or what other recommendations in camera choice do you recommend?
  8. @thefrenchphotographer [1 likes]: Great breakdown. What software do you use?
  9. @YeahYaRiteTV [1 likes]: This is a nice and clean  setup 🫡🫵🏽⚜️
  10. @themodernbutler [1 likes]: Gabriel what laptop do you use please 🙏🏻 . Thank you
  11. @KaanOrantv [1 likes]: The best setup i've ever seen for tiny rooms. Very compact!
  12. @xentagz [1 likes]: Hi! why did you move the wooden panel higher on the wall in front of you? thanks! great channel.
  13. @EugeneBrownMusic [1 likes]: I have nearly 100% of your setup, and what I don't have, I'm soon purchasing. Thank you for the great content!
  14. @TrustMe8ro [1 likes]: Very nice, can you please the brand of the foam insulation pads?
  15. @marxxcomics [1 likes]: I see 1.5k upvotes and also 1.5k downvotes.  I wonder why so many people dislike the video?  It seems solid to me.
  16. @AlfaMedtech [1 likes]: Have you consider the el gato xlr dock? Instead of scarlet ?
  17. @nevroticuus [1 likes]: there's no Audio in the video..
  18. @alistair-media: Your attention to detail is top notch. Thank you for sharing all of this.
  19. @winnietnwinn: Hi Gabriel! Im trying ur light setup but Im having the light glare on my glasses. Can you share how did you manage to fix it? Im trying some different ways but still couldnt find a good angle
  20. @JairoSantos-w8h: ❤❤❤

- How to Set Up a PA System for a Band: Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to talk about setting up a PA system for a band either rehearsing or playing a gig our band consists of bass guitar keyboard and drums the bass the guitar and the keyboards each have their own amplifiers we'll also be setting up a stereo PA system and three monitors as well now to begin I've got all my gear from my PA system here in the center of the stage we've got the instruments already set up and ready to go so we'll need to set up our speakers we'll need to connect our mixer we'll need to run our microphones all those kind of things will happen in order to get ready for the gig to take place I've set up our drops behind the amplifiers for connecting the amplifiers and I've also run power drops to each side of the stage this will allow us to connect our PA stacks as well as we're up power out to our monitor system and in fact you could also use those if the guitar player for example has a pedal board we could run power for that over to one of these power drops as well for our PA system today we're using JBL speakers I have a pair of PR x800 subwoofers a pair of IR X 112 which will be our tops for the PA system then I have three ir x 108 which are used as our monitors well position two of those in front and we'll put one in back for the keyboard player on the drummer to hear our mixer today is a dl 16 s from Mackie and the nice thing about this is that it's controllable using an ipad so we can run sound right from the stage we don't have to have a separate sound engineer I've got a sweet water duffel bag and that holds all of my cables as well as my microphones and one other essential a roll of gaff tape for ensuring that our cables are taped down and nobody's going to trip and fall on stage now our PA system could be configured in different ways as I mentioned I have two subwoofers and two tops if you only have one subwoofer that's fine just put it on one side of the stage or at the back of the stage if you have no subwoofers just use a pair of speaker stands and put the tops on those so we're very flexible as far as setting things up positioning our fronts is very easy first of all I set my subwoofers into place I've got them right at the front of the stage so that they're in front of where the microphones will be this will help to control feedback there's symmetrical around the band and I've kept them a little bit away from the walls just to cut down on reflections each of the subwoofers has a receptacle on the top and we'll screw the mounting poles into those there's a corresponding mount on the bottom of each speaker we simply slide the speaker onto the pole and a set screw on the back that tightens down to hold the speaker in place make sure that it's not going to fall down accidentally the JBL speakers were using a very lightweight so one person can easily put them into position if you're using heavier speakers or you're using really tall speaker stands it may be easier with two people helping next up we'll position our monitors I have three monitors available so we'll put two of those at the front of the stage and that's really going to give us good coverage for all the musicians at the front and the keyboard player and the drummer will also hear that as well but since I have a third one available we'll put that at the back of the stage and that'll help cover the keyboards and the drums and we can experiment with the positioning of that if we need to move it in move it out change the angle of it so it's hitting both of them we also want to be careful that we're not sending that too directly into the microphone and causing feedback problems what I like to do next is run my power cabling for my speakers and monitors when I do this I have my power strip turned off I don't want any power flowing into my monitors or my speakers until I have my mixer set up and everything else connected we'll turn the power on last I'll connect my subwoofer and then power up the top on that subwoofer next we'll wire up the monitor another thing you'll notice is that I've tried to keep the space on the stage itself clear of cabling I've run the cables as much as I can to the outside and I'll go through when I'm completely finished up and gaff tape those down onto the stage so no one trips with my power connected to the speakers I've also set up my mixer now in this case I've put it on a stand right here on stage you could actually put that behind the stage off the stage since we're controlling it with an iPad it doesn't need to be on the stage itself but for the sake of our demonstration I've got it right here where we can see everything will now start running our audio connections so we'll be connecting from the mixer to our fronts as well as to our monitors I'll begin by running a line from the left out of the mixer to the subwoofer on the left side of the stage next up we'll connect from the top down to the subwoofer on the left side now I'll want to connect to the high-pass output on my subwoofer because it's actually controlling the low frequencies that are being fed to the top we'll repeat the process with the stack on the right side using the right output from our mixer now we'll connect our monitors I have six outputs on the front of the mixer we'll connect the first one of those to the first of our monitors now we'll continue connecting up with two to our second monitor and output three to our third monitor which is at the back of the stage at this point our mixer and speakers are ready to go what we need to do is connect our sources in this means it direct out from the bass amp microphone on the guitar amp microphone on the kick drum and the snare drum and finally two line outputs from the keyboard into the mixer and the way I like to set things up is I'll begin with my vocal mic I'll place that in channel one if I have additional vocal mics I'll run those next once I have my vocal mics connected I'll start connecting my instruments and I'd like to do that from left to right on the stage as you're facing the stage so I'll begin with the bass amp in this case our bass amp has a direct output so we can connect it straight from the bass amp right into the mixer we don't need a microphone for our guitar amplifier we'll be hanging a microphone in front of the amplifier so I'll go ahead and run the cable I'll wrap it around the handle so that'll help secure that microphone in place when we plug it in in channel 4 will connect our kick drum I'll wrap the cable around the stand so it stays in place and isn't getting in anyone's way in a similar fashion I'll wrap the cable for the snare drum microphone of the stand now we're using a triad orbit stand in this case it has two arms so it's very convenient very low-profile and doesn't get in the way for our final instrument connections I've got two outputs coming from my keyboard and again these are XLR direct outputs so I can route those straight into the mixer no microphone required this gives us a total of seven input connections one vocal microphone six instruments the final step in our stage setup is to connect our microphones we'll begin with the guitar amplifier my music a sennheiser a 906 which is very convenient because we don't have to have a stand connected to the cable and hang it over the front of the amp and you're ready to go next up we've got a kick drum I've got a V kick mic from SE electronics I'll get it basically positioned where I wanted and then we can move that around when we're checking things out during sound check for snare drum we're using a tried-and-true shure sm57 dynamic microphone once again I'll get it roughly positioned and then I'll fine-tune it when I'm doing sound check our final microphone is the lead vocal microphone we've got a shure sm58 the key to an easy efficient stage setup is having a plan in advance and an order that you follow every time you set things up I begin with my fronts then I do my monitors run my power cables connect up my monitors and fronts to my mixer run my instrument microphones my vocal microphone lines and then come back and plug the microphones in as my final step now I can power everything up and begin my soundcheck if you have questions about how to set up a PA or any of the products we've talked about here today contact your Sweetwater Sales Engineer or visit Sweetwater comm thanks for watching and be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe click here for more videos like these or start at Sweetwater comm for all your music instrument and pro audio needs fortunately our subwoofers are lightweight and I'm very mighty so we can no I don't want to say that but you'll probably need two people [Laughter]

  Top Comments:
  1. @sweetwater [202 likes]: We hope you enjoyed this guide to setting up a PA for your band. There are more helpful tips and tricks on the way! Just like, comment, and subscribe so you don't miss a beat 🤘
  2. @sams2960 [5 likes]: Tip from "old guy" club/tour engineer:   Think "DIVE"   set up your inputs in groups:  Drums,   Instruments, Vocals, Effects on the mixing console.  You can then sub those groups 1-4 and make mixing SO much easier.   FYI, I was a longtime Sweetwater fan/customer (now retired).  Their advice/service is top notch and I was never given a sales pitch on something I didn't need.
  3. @CocoLoh9927 [1 likes]: i am head manager from the band also no problem i am band vivjan manager new learning also i am vocal manager
  4. @alphonsobenedictteah: Great. But the narrator is kinda fast speaking
  5. @eazy-vibes: 🙏🙏🙏 7:14
  6. @StringDriver: This guy is not only an expert on PA’s, he’s a Professional Blinker!
  7. @marvinlusk7303: I think you got a few things wrong. For example, all mixers I have seen have the drums on the board first. If you check with most drummers (ALL that I have worked with), the first 24-32 channels of the board should be used for the drum inputs, unless he is running his drums in stereo, in which case you will need 64 channels for the drums. You do not need a mic for the guitar amp because he plays louder than the PA anyway. ... I said "YOU DO NOT NEED A MIC FOR THE GUITAR AMP BECAUSE HE PLAYS LOUDER THAN THE PA!!! ... Let me get a pen and paper and write that down for you so you can hear it. Are you sure you don't  want to use a microphone on the electronic keyboards?

But this did cover the basics.
  8. @jonhcontreras: can one 15amp circuit handle this? or are two seperate circuits required?
  9. @GracitaPacamara: DJMXZASHIQEU
  10. @GracitaPacamara: ASHIQUR DJMXZ
  11. @arpanshome6328: I am still trying to understand why we can’t not directly connect guitar to mixer instead of going via an amp and instrument mic?! Can I pls respond. This will help me understand this long pending query I have.
  12. @ericvlizdecatoria7087: What is the reason why you did not include the Roland keyboard amp?
  13. @FOHguy: I worked for a local sound company. We did a show one night and I drove the equipment truck home. The next day I set up 1,000 watts per side 3 way rig in my living room. Needless to say, I completely blew out my sliding glass doors. 😂
  14. @JöhanJötár: Thoughts on running a entire band thru a PA without amplifiers?
  15. @NathanMnich: Hi im not an expert i jist volinyeer at my church tech booth ive been doing it for about a year and i learned some things along the way even though i wasnt taught yet. i havent worked with sound mixing yet but i have helped with cables (wrapping, un wrapping, connecting to amps.) Just realky basic stuff with sound. You mentioned in the video about using gaff tape or duct tape to hold down lines, while we still do that for bigger events, we like to use matts. I believe the are 5x3 ft but i could be wrong. They provide less work to take of the cabke and are easier to place down. I just wanted to share this to anyone who might need it. ❤
  16. @KenTiner: The background music is annoying and unnecessary.
  17. @RockerProf: A schematic of all of it is with the appropriate ins and outs would be awesome
  18. @DAMAGINATION: Thanks for the explanatory video!
  19. @caledonianaudio: I prefer to get my gear in place, powered, and tested before the band gets there 😉Stage plots FTW
  20. @lonnienorton.: Is the mixer a powered mixer with all powered speakers?

- Three Point Lighting Setup (Best Lighting for YouTube Videos Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en - The only difference between this shot right here and this shot is the lighting. So today, I'm going to show you how to set up your key light, your fill light and your back light to get amazing video quality. We're going to be using a simple low budget three point lighting kit, so let's get into it. (upbeat music) Lighting is the most important aspect of getting really good video quality and they use three point lighting in movies, TV shows, music videos. So today I'm going to show you how to set up each light and what it does. So let's go ahead and start with the key light. So this is the key light and the key light really is the main light source and so if you were to use one light, you would use a key light. And so we're the Neewer and L6 660 and all this gear is going to be linked down below in the description. So the key light is on the right side of Heather's face and this is the main light. And really it doesn't matter if it's on the left side or the right side, the fill side is going to be on the opposite side of the key light. Now I'm going to show you with just the key light on so the backlight and the fill light are off and this is just the key light lighting Heather's right side of her face. So this is our fill light and we're using another Neewer light and if I turn this off you can see that the shadows are pretty dark on Heather's face. And so when I turn this light back on, it adds a nice fill to her left side. And this just makes the shadows not as dark. And I also wanted to share with you that it's okay to have shadows on your subject. A lot of people think for YouTube videos or interviews, they just want to flood as much light as they can but shadows are actually great because that's what shapes your subject. A little power tip about your fill light is that it needs to obviously be not as bright as your key. And so if you have a light that doesn't dim, maybe it is a soft box with bulb. What you an do is just take your light and move it back and so that's going to dim your light if you can move your light source farther away from the subject. So we've covered the key light and we just covered the fill light. And this is the back light. It's the third light in this setup. So the main purpose of this back light is to create separation between the subject and the background. So a lot of YouTubers or people who are getting into video, they don't think to add this light and what happens is the subject can often just fall and fix into the background and this helps really add a pop to your subject. So if we turn this light on and off you can see it really adds a lot to the shot. It makes her pop and it makes her standout from the background which is exactly what this light is used for. So I'm going to share a secret lighting technique that they use on movies and TV shows and this is gonna make you standout on YouTube. But before I get into that, let me know in the comments below, what light do you use? And if you're getting value make sure you leave a like on this video. So the secret hack that they use in movies is actually called motivated lighting. So you can see in the background we have a lamp, and if we were to just turn that off this light looks really unnatural because we don't really know where this light source is coming from. But we purposely put that lamp in the background to motivate this back light so it looks like this light is going onto Heater because of the lamp. And this light is really cool because it's bi-color so we can change the color temperature to match that lamp and the cool thing about this light is it's right around $30 and so Sean did a really cool review if you click the card right here to check that out, I think you guys are going to love this light. And remember that motivated lighting could be the thing that takes you to the next level in your videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [35 likes]: Question of the Day ⚡️What lights do you use for your videos? ****  🎯Watch other videos in Best Budget Lighting for YouTube videos series here 💡 https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgc0GNip2uYWjDYfkUwtsThsRC4zb5YW1
  2. @Tequila777-h4q [1 likes]: Thank you bro for your useful tips❤
  3. @Roflolmao08: I have a Neewer FS150B and a Neewer Softbox with it. I also ordered a RGB floor light for a bit of color and a non dimmable floor light for just the ambience. I think this should be fine.
  4. @RachelleMANIRAKIZA-i8m: It,s good
  5. @TheOtherChef: How tall should the keylight and fill light be?  thanks.
  6. @Veronica.Reviews: This setup explanation is so clear and easy to follow 😍
  7. @kNOwEvil_Studio: Not what you have.  I have a multi-temp, dimable ring light, A free standing floor lamp and whatever else is around the house.
  8. @NewNew-t5m5w: Great breakdown of the three-point lighting setup, super helpful for improving video quality 💡
  9. @jakechesney5335: Great video
  10. @Undinemusic: This tip was very good and effective! Thanks!
  11. @faz2088: I love the opening music. I’m planning to start a podcast soon. What’s the name of the intro you have and where would you recommend I look into for opening music (no copyright ofcourse)
  12. @fieldsofqiacupuncture: nice tips! thnaks
  13. @giuseppemangione1874: Nice video but if you can remove the YouTube option of auto dubbing in other languages. The Italian I was listening to is awful.
  14. @sheheryarfakhar1550: Best video
  15. @niharikaagr78: I just wanted to ask there is no diffuser or softbox here so won't it create harsh lighting?
  16. @TeddyCulpepper: Awesome video! Thank you for this information!!!
  17. @LarissaLuxe2025: Amazing video ❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @KnowledgeParkAcademyOfficial: Thanks
  19. @TonyJulien: I used the Neewer starter lighting kit and it was awesome. Thanks for the tips
  20. @Gigglegrowgauravi: In my Small YT channel- I have been posting regular videos in the children's learning space from past 6 months-Touching crucial learning areas like emotions, reading and questioning.. Growth is slow but steady.. Wish all small channels all the best.. Keep hustling and building on your niche.. You will definitely succeed oneday🚀🔥❤ 0:15 0:24

- Entire Youtube Studio Setup ON ONE DESK!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to the channel in this video we're going to be building a monstrosity youtuber's dream desk when it comes to a camera that is always ready to go at your desk with lighting audio it's all modular and can move around and we can record on our computer and use it as a monitor since it's right next to us so i'm going to be filming this entire video using the exact thing we're talking about and that we're going to be building in a previous video i did something similar to this but it was all on a rolling light stand and this setup is going to be a little more affordable than that one so here is the entire price if you buy all the stuff on amazon that we're going to be talking about that includes the camera the lens just absolutely everything and if you already have a camera and lens this is the cost to build this thing it's really not that expensive considering what all you're getting with it and what you can do with it all the sections of this video will be in the time stamps below including the parts list actually putting this thing together and then the final results and what all you can do with it so first i want to talk about why you would want to do this in the first place well i think there are several reasons a setup like this makes a ton of sense and the first one is going to be speed you can essentially turn this camera on turn this light on and start recording on your computer immediately which means you can edit immediately and upload very quickly so turn around when it comes to creating content with a setup like this is amazingly quick the second reason to do a setup like this is the space savings as you can see from the second angle we just have a desk with everything ready to go so if you're working out of your bedroom you can essentially add this to your pre-existing desk and you're ready to rock and roll likewise if you have a spare room you could have a separate desk or table build this thing maybe put it right smack dab in the middle of your entire desk and then you could have a laptop off to one side and create a ton of content very very quickly so we're going to get off to that a little bit later but first let's go over the parts list and since we're at a desk it makes sense to go ahead and push the camera back show that i'm at my computer and we can go ahead and jump in and take a look at this list so i'm going to hide quicktime here and pull up my spreadsheet with all the parts used so just like our last video when it comes to the camera and lens configuration we're using the sony a6400 and the sigma 16 millimeter f 1.4 none of these videos are sponsored by sony i just really enjoy this combination and we're able to capture 4k video which is really really awesome so you could go with something like a canon dslr or a canon mirrorless camera something from panasonic just about anything is going to work so the whole reason this is possible is because we are using visa mount arms specifically a post that attaches to your desk and several arms come off of it traditionally you use this to hold monitors but we're obviously using it for film equipment at 33 or so you'll be able to grab the main post and you'll get one arm out of the setup from there we're going to purchase two additional arms another short arm and then a three section long arm and we're going to use that for our main light we'll also need a tripod extension tube a tripod head of choice i'd recommend something lightweight i'm using a ball head in this instance we're also going to need a set of tripod screws in different thread sizes next we're going to need a light i am using this 1x2 flexible led light it comes with a frame it's super lightweight which is perfect for this build and that and everything else will be linked to in the description this light is dimmable comes with a remote and is by color so you're able to adjust the color depending on the room that you're in and that's where this thing really shines to adjust the light we'll need a small ball head that'll screw into the actual frame and from there we can move on to audio which is pretty much identical to my last video 13 mic arm with the rode video micro and an extension cable to run to our camera that's really all the parts you need there are a couple optional items that'll really help out though those include a power supply for the camera so you don't have to use batteries so if you want to just leave this thing set up all the time you just flip a switch and you're off to the races recording your videos that would be a great one to go with and then if you want to be able to record videos on your computer while you're at your desk using this entire setup you're going to need the cam link which is able to capture 4k video if your system can handle it and you'll be able to just record right on your computer immediately be able to view and listen to it import edit and upload without ever leaving your desk which i think is pretty awesome and if you're in a pitch black room without any white walls or any sunlight or anything to help you out you might also need some additional lighting check out my previous videos where i talk about a simple stand and the bowling p1 as really nice supportive lights if it's really dark in your room and last but not least you might need some software if you're going to be capturing footage directly onto your computer obs is a great free option i'm actually just using apple's built-in quicktime software which works natively with the cam link out of the box so let's start putting this thing together the first thing you're going to do is take the main post of this visa arm system which by the way is designed to hold monitors not film equipment but it's going to work just fine for this and you're going to attach it to your desk obviously it works great if you're doing it next to a computer but you could just use this with a table or a desk in a different room if you just want something that's super clean and ready to go all the time i could also see this being awesome if you do any kind of tabletop stuff you could always add a second camera if you wanted to so with all that done we're going to take the arm that also is included in this visa mount system we're actually going to remove the visa attachment from the end out of the box you'll have to add the visa mount potentially so just don't include that and you may need to remove a bunch of bolts and all the stuff at the end of this arm and at the end of the day you should have something like this a very simple square tube that has a hole on the top and the bottom at this point we're actually going to take a drill and i promise this is the only thing we're modifying here and having to like diy and we're going to actually enlarge the top hole just a little bit if you're going to do this i highly recommend using a stepper bit as this is very easy very safe and is going to give you a very clean hole without much effort our goal is to be able to take one of those 3 8 tripod threads and to stick it inside of that tube and up through the hole and then we can take our tripod extension hole and add that to the thread once it's all tightened down we now have essentially a baby little tripod that can be extended if you want your camera a little higher or drop down for a nice low angle from there you throw your tripod head onto the tripod extension and then add your camera and that takes care of the camera at this point you can freely move it around adjust the tripod head and do what you got to do next we're going to move to audio and essentially what we're doing here is adding a second one of these arms and clamping on our mic stand as you see here it just clamps right onto the end again i remove the whole visa end on this arm and what this allows us to do is not only fold this folding arm but then swing it out of the way and just completely hide it this keeps our desks nice and clean so there's no camera tripod sitting here there's no microphone arm here and i will say that you could obviously use this arm like it's intended to and clamp it to the edge of your desk that would work but the problem with that is your mic if you don't want it in your frame is going to have to be way out here or way down low somewhere and very far away from your mouth since we moved it up onto the swinging arm and then out over us we're able to get it much closer so my mouth is probably 12 inches away that allows us to drop our levels down gets everything cleaned up it just sounds better my mac here you might be hearing in this video is processing and you know recording this footage so it's fans are going but it's not you know super duper noisy so that takes care of sound of course we have that wired with our extension arm all the way on this pole and up to the camera what's cool about this system since it's designed to hold monitors there's lots of cable management so there's these little clips that attach to each of these arms allowing you to route all your cables you throw in a little extra velcro and you have a really nice clean install like you see here next up we're going to talk about the light now for this setup i bought a third arm and mounted it to this main post here now this arm's a little different it actually has three sections allowing it to be run really far out and then instead of removing the actual visa plate i left it there but i did take that stepper bit that we used earlier and expanded one of the holes on the actual vesa mount this allowed me to take another tripod screw run it through there and into this little ball head at the bottom in the base of the light so now the light is mounted securely make sure when you use that tripod screw that you go out and buy a little baggie of some lock washers you want to use this with this light setup because what it's going to do is prevent things from loosening so you can pick up a bag of those just about anywhere just bring a quarter 20 with you or 3 8 or whatever you're gonna use to make sure it'll work next we can take our light and go ahead and build the frame that comes with it and add the light via velcro and we're pretty much done with that you have a remote you're ready to go with your light we're then going to add a ball mount to the bottom of that light there's actually a quarter 20 in the frame of the light itself with all that done we can now mount it to our main post make sure you use the diffusion sheet that comes with it it just velcros onto the entire front of the light from there all that remains to be done is cable management so i routed the cable along this arm here down the center post same with our audio and if you're using the cam link with your computer you'll obviously want to plug that into your computer so with all that taken care of let's go ahead and talk about how to use this thing and what you can do with it okay so at this point we are rolling on the a6400 we also have our secondary camera so that we can see what's going on i'm also recording on the actual mac over here so that's the file we'll be using just so you can see how good or not good this looks i'm also going to go ahead and dim my computer screen all the way down so it's not giving us even more light we just want to show off what this light is doing so this is the first setup we have the camera pretty close to me i can easily touch the actual lens we also have it all the way down so this is as low as it can go it's significantly lower than you know my eye line so i'm kind of addressing down to the camera but that's a popular look that a lot of people use we also have great auto focus with this lens so i could just block my face with an object and it's going to catch focus this is great for product reviews you know if you're doing youtube video just a really nice thing to have so that's setup number one i'm going to go ahead and raise the camera up so you can see what that looks like there's the camera raised all the way up a lot more eye level than this of course i could adjust my chair if i wanted to as well and now we're gonna take the camera we're gonna push it all the way back so that you have something like this a really nice wide shot and this is great if you do any gaming or you know just want a really nice looking tutorial set up you can be like all right guys let's go ahead and dive in boom you're ready to rock and roll it's all right here you can have your notes here there's just so many reasons that this setup makes sense so i hope this video has at least given you a few ideas as to what you can do with a setup like this if you have a spare bedroom but not a ton of space for lights and stands and things and you have a desk or if you're just working out of your bedroom something like this would give you a ton of flexibility and allow you to create content quickly which is really tough to do here on youtube there's a lot involved in making a video so i hope you enjoyed links to everything will be in the description let me know if you have any questions thanks again for watching and we'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dslrvideoshooter [305 likes]: Timestamps HERE. Thank you for watching!
1:02 - Why Build This?
1:56 - Parts List
5:02 - Build Guide
9:52 - Example Shots
  2. @smartfoxhelp [3 likes]: A very late reply in a long list of them, but this video was paramount in helping me set up my new Youtube studio. I also modded an arm (as instructed) to hold an iPad and another to hold a RodeCaster. Very useful and versatile hack. Thanks for making this!
  3. @GucciCaligula: Using the monitor as a fill is fucking genius and so obvious I’m mad I never thought of it.
  4. @Raofin: This a fantastic video, thank you.
  5. @tomaszmikutel: great video, what light would you recommend for artists with camera mounted above the monitor (overhead)? Will ring light be better as it can wrap around the dslr camera? I would rather use soft box but I am not sure if it would not drop the shadow from the camera into desk area.
  6. @ArtistSushilTambe: 👍
  7. @SINISTA_ONE: Creative way. Thank you :very much. Wiley67
  8. @ChrisBryantVideo: Massively helpful - bought most of the rigging and just set it up. Looks awesome! Thanks, man.
  9. @CharuHarshaliWasnikar: Hey - Sorry to be late to this video … looks like 5 years late 

But I have Sony a6400 and I would love to use it with my MacBook Pro to record video or to use it like a Webcam 

May I know if you had to download Sony Imaging Webcam software or any other software 

I am using Sony Imaging Webcam software but I am unable to get the video feed 

Appreciate if you could help out 

Thanks
  10. @MBStoryteller2: Don't add this light on ur head it will get blast 😂😂😂
  11. @TheNeighborsTrash: After hours of searching I finally found the solution that will work for me. Thank you.
  12. @iraklicgi: The video itself is great, full of value but I wouldn't buy all these equipment if I don't have any experience with talking to camera or personal branding I'd start with basic things like cheap basic lighting and my iPhone for recording
  13. @TheVisionCenter2010: Hi,  what if I would like to use my Iphone as a camera and teleprompter? Is there a different mount you would recommend?
  14. @cosmicfxx: FOSITAN FL-3060 2nd Gen Video Lighting no longer available :( ... what's alternative?
  15. @rirosman: Thank for the great show.
  16. @LEGENDARYTACTICALTECH: is a gopro, dslr or webcam be alright as a secondary camera?
  17. @HerodeStinfil: Merci bro kite jesus Beni amen amen y ❤😂😂
  18. @BeeMLNR: What lights did you get
  19. @kengasmin2434: Thank you sir! nice one..
  20. @sorosfox3801: Bravo!! What a great video. Very helpful. Thanks

- I built a YouTube STUDIO Setup on Wheels!: Kind: captions Language: en so as you see with this many light stands it can get pretty crazy imagine doing this every single time you upload it's not very efficient and takes a lot of time yeah there's definitely room for improvement here to make quality videos on a consistent basis you really gotta put in the effort to make a good quality video and I've been making my videos here in this space for about a year now and has definitely evolved and I'm want to show you my most current update and how I will grow with that setup this is really important when you are trying to create good content is having a system that works seamlessly doesn't get in the way that way you can focus on the content and make it quality I think I got the quality down part I have good lighting good audio but because I am in a small space I have to constantly disassemble all my camera here and set it up each time I want to film a video which eats into time and just Aemon energy when making a youtube video was the more steps you have to take to make a video can kind of affect how many videos you make so it is important to make sure you have a streamlined process so let's take a tour through my studio and see how I make a video as of today let's look at this camera rig my new camera of choice for when filming YouTube videos is the Canon 70d and why on earth would I downgrade from a gh vibe to the Canon 70d one word autofocus autofocus makes things like filming YouTube videos a lot more easy I could put my hand up show product and go back down also I don't have to make sure I stand focus because this does an extremely well job as you can see we have the Tokina 11 to 16 millimeter at about 13 millimeters providing a really cool wide angle perspective also letting in quite a bit of light as you can see here we have a microphone plugged in and this is a rode videomicro which picks up the audio for my videos previously I would actually use the DDS mic - whichever right back here and pick up my audio extremely well and I still think that's a higher quality microphone but the Canon 70d does not have XLR so I'm using the only mic I can use at the moment and it sounds good enough as I hope you agree but what is this Holcomb Bob ulation right here kale pike from DSLR video shooter recently showed a single youtube studio on a single stand I was very intrigued when I stumbled upon this filming a YouTube video takes a lot of effort and if I can have something that can roll away when I don't need it bring it out when I do can save a lot of time save a lot energy so it was well worth it here we have a ball head which the camera sits on and then a little arm just to attach to this rolling stand and let's let's go take a look at that so we can roll this any which way we want we can film a new perspective with that the microphone and the light stays in the same position so here we have a Cardellini which is attached to a grip head and a mic stand which has the rode microphone on that end so this can be positioned any which way you want and get out of the way or reach out further if you are further away over here we have my cheap $30 softbox so this has been key for my youtube chip YouTube channel probably the cheapest thing I bought but it works extremely well that provides us a nice soft light at a 45-degree angle which always looks really good come along here that attacked just with a grip head along on this grip arm and so if you want to adjust this you can let me show you now let's say you want to remove a position of this light you just unloosen that and you can put it all the way up here for a top angle within less than 10 seconds that is crazy saves a lot of time and you only have it take up a space of this C stand here in the back I have a couple of different lights I'm still playing out with my famous one is the RGB light I like to throw on the background of my videos this one's by Andy cine there's a reward up in this corner so I just play around the colors have that there on the table over here is a little village light that's a pancake light I like how this can appear in the video because it's a nice circle light actually provides some backlight that would show up on me so this rig is pretty sweet and I really like how you can roll it around it's quite affordable for the whole thing when you really think about it especially how many videos I do I need to do something quickly alright so that is the this studio here but let me show you what I was doing prior to this video how I would set up for a video so let's will this on over so when it comes time for me to film a YouTube video the first thing we have to do is fart camera and do that let's set up the tripod usually here if I'm gonna film at the table we're gonna set it up just right here I like it at a low angle that way I can get a broad perspective so there we go we have our setup so you have to bring out a separate stand for just the light this would sit somewhere over here and just imagine this softbox would be on the stand pointing in the same direction next we'll need to get audio so I would typically set this it really depends on where I'd want it but I have a separate stand for on the boom of microphone and you place it like so and make sure that it doesn't enter the frame and then usually I would have a lot of different stuff on this table so I don't even make sure I clear that out of the way I wield my chair over turn on those lights get all the settings right and then film the video those times I do two camera angles when I'm doing a boxing's and I have the top angle I actually take this tripod put it on this top legs just like so extend this all the way up and this kind of just lean up against the chair kind of precariously and tilt that down for a top angle view right here and I have a smaller tripod right underneath here so as you see with this mini light stands it can get pretty crazy imagine doing this every single time you upload it's not very efficient it takes a lot of time yeah there's definitely room for improvement here enter the video editing workspace so now I can finally show you guys how I edit a video with less effort so I think this is important for all video YouTube content creators because think about how you can ease your workflow yeah the Canon 70d is not as crispy as a gh v but I'm assuming they're probably watching this on a phone and you could probably not tell a difference because I compared the footage it's really hard to tell and for the ease I can get with this workflow it makes it all worthwhile yeah it has its limitations but overall that really makes a video helpful if you're interested in building your own make sure you check out DSLR video shooters video and don't be a link in description below great video see if it's worth it for you and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @TaedeMathis [2 likes]: Hello Nate,  love the video. After watching Caleb's video I sold my Godox SL-60W, the Aputure Light Dome II and I may sell my C- Stand. This setup was just to big for my home studio. I got a question about the stand for this setup. The C-stand I'm currently using is spring loaded so the minimum height is 158cm / 5 feet 2 inches. Do you think the height will be an issue for this build? The impact stand minimum height is 107cm / 3 feet 5 inches.
  2. @TheFilmLook [2 likes]: Great video! I loved how you showed the old method. That's gonna save you hours!
  3. @DroiMedia [2 likes]: Awesome video - thinking of making a video on my setup too (really similar to this and Caleb Pike's video). 👍👍👍
  4. @KKPz [1 likes]: Thank you for this. I will be making one
  5. @villagerabroad7703 [1 likes]: Wait a second, did you say that your key light is $30?? please say yes. I am about to buy Aputure 120D Mark II. I can get the light you have, your video is amazing.
  6. @andisantoso4155 [1 likes]: your wall is trully wood or wallpaper ?
  7. @cefrio [1 likes]: Cool vid but one question, coulden't you have just used manual focus on the Gh5? I have a G7 and learning a lot for my upcoming vids and yeah the auto focus sucks but as in your vids sitting in front of the cam at a fixed position manual focus locked at your face position works just fine.
  8. @madjidatmania3002 [1 likes]: you're amazing just keep the work up you deserve more than 100k
  9. @Ansonandco [1 likes]: Awesome video! One question - what do you do to deaden your sound?
  10. @AlexButenkofi [1 likes]: Hi, thanks for the video. Why not m50? It's also a cheaper solution.
  11. @jsnowdendavies [1 likes]: Great, great video! So many cool ideas and backed up with solid experience. Love it!
  12. @emmanuelmarthol3156 [1 likes]: Why not a 80 or 90D?
  13. @TLDR_filmmaker [1 likes]: Looks great to me, totally gonna look into a 70d now, I have the exact same problem having to keep moving my GH5 in and out all the time, connecting it to the smartphone app to make sure I'm in focus each time, definitely would be great to just have the 70d there and never moves. Alright ebay, what do you got!
  14. @joshfynbos: Epic stuff. Thank you
  15. @RichGoodDivineAdventures: You wasted quite a lot of money on premium priced grips to attach that mic boom stand.
  16. @nsubilimwaipopo8218: Can i have your Whatsapp number Please!
  17. @andrescolintv: Great job my good colleague
  18. @antonio_chi: Great ! Really like your style my man !!
  19. @tammysypniewski1891: Nice setup Nate. Looks super efficient and I can’t tell that you’re using 1080 instead of 4K. I watch on my iPad and your content always looks solid. The pixel peepers must have a lot of time on their hands. LOL.
  20. @isavkov: Why not 90D?

- How to Light People With Glasses and Avoid Glare: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys this is caleb with dslr video shooter and today we're talking about how to light people with glasses to make sure there is no glare [Music] i've been there a million times you get everything set up your client for your corporate video or whatever walks in or the director wants someone with glasses and you have a heck of a time getting rid of that nasty glare there are a lot of factors including coating of the glasses themselves the size the angle at which the lenses are set up bifocal all kinds of problems but after shooting literally hundreds of interviews and hundreds of these videos i've had to figure out how to work around it so today we're going to cover a couple different tips to help us figure out what's going on i have a small led panel and several of my old glasses which will be really fun and we're going to go ahead and figure this thing out so um the first thing to think about is angle height and distance of your light source mainly your key that's usually where the problem comes from so i'm gonna set this light to the lowest level and right there bam big gnarly uh glare in my glasses these glasses do have decent coatings so they're pretty resistant but you know to an extent there's just nothing you can do i have the light pretty low as you can see here and one thing you can do is just grab your iphone and point it at the person and kind of move it around try to find a good angle so luckily these glasses and a lot of glasses i have found do well when you go up and over to one side so a good first tip is to raise your light which is where it really should be it shouldn't be perfectly at the level of whoever you're filming it should be a little higher and angled down toward them and then move it off to the side and continue to move it away until you get rid of that glare now you might end up with something like you know this where you have this real dark side of their face that's where you bring in your foam board and you can fill that back in so something like this no foam board excuse the cable noise and foam board so that's a great way to fix that even if your light is coming from the side you can still fill it with a piece of foam board or five in one reflector or what have you so that's one tip another tip is to make sure you have a large soft light source so if i start to look over here you'll start to see my light my key light reflected in my eyes but you'll notice it's not as noticeable as this little hard light source so this has no diffusion on it it's just light smacking my face and my glasses but a big soft source is very very um there's not a lot of distraction there it's very soft it's very nice and easy on the eyes when it comes to transitioning so that is a great tip is use a really soft source you can use this with a sheet of diffusion a 4x4 frame or like i have here a giant soft dome from aperture that would work totally fine and that's really going to help with that distracting glare because this is really distracting there's a small source that just keeps bugging people as they're watching the video whereas a large source isn't going to be nearly as bad just to prove this i'm going to switch to a couple different glasses i'm going to go way back in time to my mostly hipster days and the giant warby parkers i can't believe i used to wear these look look at that it's like almost like cat level crazy so let's go ahead and fire up our small light i think my head is grown too these feel a little snug now these glasses are a little more difficult to light because of the size of them but same thing applies i can raise the light and move it over to one side and i don't have as much of an issue another nice thing about using soft light is with these thick frames see the shadow right here underneath my eye that's really really distracting but by having a softer light source you're not going to notice that nearly as much so try to stay away from really harsh sources diffuse your light it's going to get rid of those nasty frame shadows another thing you can do is bring a little bit of fill down kind of underneath them almost to get up in those giant dark crevices that really thick frame glasses will give you now the worst type of glasses are sunglasses i'll put them on here so much uh reflection but our same tip supply as before i'm kind of blind here in the studio there we go so there's my light going up off to an angle bam we've lost the glare most sunglasses kind of have a more round so they catch a lot because they're darker they also show a lot more but again big big soft light source is going to do a great job of making that look acceptable like that's not bad it looks you know you can tell there's a light reflecting in the sunglasses but it's not as bad as you know that that's really annoying like seeing a small source so once again just to recap and i'll take these off because that's really annoying if you're shooting an interview or whatever with someone with glasses do a quick test with your phone figure out where's a good angle that's going to eliminate that you know reflection that's direct move the light up and shoot kind of down at an angle and then work on rotating the light from in front of them around until you find a really good angle where as they move around you're not immediately seeing it and then use a large soft light source so that when they do look over and there is a reflection it's very soft very minimal not very distracting and try to stay away from those hard sources that are going to be very distracting in people's classes and those hard sources will also create those really weird shadows from the glasses themselves so hopefully that helps you guys with lighting people with glasses i totally get it it's a real pain but there are some ways you can work around it so if you have any tips for lighting people with glasses definitely let me know i love to hear them otherwise you can find fresh videos here at dslr video shooter every single week happy lighting and i will see you in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Martina-hs-2201 [1 likes]: It is not my light in my glasses, but my screen! What can I do?
  2. @skybarwisdom: Excellent video. You should try Fatheadz frames or similar, I have a LARGE head as well and choose to wear glasses with extra-large frames which fit and look better on my face.
  3. @etueerie: Excellent, thank u sir!
  4. @other_people_1: What a well-explained video, thanks :)
  5. @MuahMan: Hmmm I'm trying to stream so I have a big bright monitor in my face that I can't move.  I'm totally hosed.
  6. @blueboxstudios1336: My thing is I'm shooting with two angles and wanting split lighting for a dramatic effect. I film from the dark side and the key is always reflecting even at a higher angle unless i go so high that it looks bad. Any thoughts?
  7. @MahdiJazini97: Nice tips, thanks 👍
  8. @boogietimetv: Easiest explanation I found. Thank you!
  9. @ChuckJ7777: Great tips
  10. @krishnansrinivasan830: Nice & Thanks :)
  11. @ebenolajorin: So direct, useful and practical lesson. Thank you
  12. @casadelosperrosstudio200: I am thinking about getting a large image of the moon to use as diffusion so the reflections, if any, will be more interesting. I googled the idea before posting this, and found nothing. Therefore, I claim this post as proof of my original idea and none of you can use it commercially without paying me first! 😂😂😂 I guess I had better screenshot this before it gets deleted... 😉
  13. @theodet0222: I don’t like how YouTube found out I have glasses… but whatever…
  14. @nickchrisman8146: Good stuff but bro someone needs to tell you those glasses are way too small for your head…
  15. @HikeordieTV: Perfect. Thanks.
  16. @LuciaHewitt: Excellent tips, thank you!
  17. @cartoonblock: Great tip, Caleb.  I'll be using this going forward
  18. @AhmedHamdy13: Thank you so much
  19. @GreekMotivator: You need a knew pair of glasses, these look so small haha
  20. @isaacjeanteube: I'm sorry, the second glasses are amazing

- BEST Lens for Talking-Head Videos... 35mm or 50mm? Guide to How-to Pick the Best Lens for YOU: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i am going to tell you which focal length i recommend you to use for your talking head videos and i am going to explain exactly why you should pick that particular focal length i am also going to show how the two most popular focal lengths look like another four popular focal lengths and why you should or you should not consider them and if you stay tuned until the end i will show you a clip by caleb pike from dslr video shooter where he answers my question about using a 50 millimeter lens and what is his focal length of choice when he shoots his talking head videos all of this and more and just jiffy [Music] happy halloween my name is captain jack sparrow if you want to learn more about the filmmaking photography acting and audio subscribe to my channel so you don't miss anything now not all videos on youtube are talking head but a large portion of them are what i mean about talking head videos is the ones that you basically see somebody either sitting or standing meaning when you see them from their waist up or from their mid chest and up now in my experience most youtubers making talking head videos prefer either a 35 or a 50 millimeter lens but some shoot in 24 20 and even 16. for example just to name a few youtubers i know keller pike from dslr shooter and jiggle and gun from general undone both preferred 35 but ravityambu from the current song engine prefers to shoot his talking head videos with a 50 millimeter lens once again stay tuned until the end of this video or skip ahead to watch caleb pike answering my question about using a 50 millimeter lens for talking head videos i'm sure he'll love his answer as much as i did thank you caleb thank you in case you didn't know a white lens expands your background meaning you can see more of your background with a wider lens and it also enlarges anything that is physically closer to your lens for example your nose is closer to the lens than your ears and therefore with a wide lens your nose will look a little bigger than it is in real life the wider the lens the bigger the nose the opposite is true for narrower focal lengths a telephoto lens like an 85 millimeters will compress the background showing less of what's behind you and using the nose example your nose will look smaller however your face will look wider and therefore it'll get the impression of a heavier person compared to the real one and last but not least a 50 millimeters focal length is essentially the same focal length we have in our human eyes what you see is what you get if you ever get to see that person in real life so what's my take well the main takeaway of this video is that in my opinion the lens you choose to shoot talking head videos depends mainly on your weight and then on the size of your studio of course assuming you're careful the way you look on camera i do and that is why i think that certain focal lengths benefit my overweight body more than others one caveat is that how rounded your face is matters for instance some people might be overweight but the bonus structure of their face is slim others have a slim body but a more rounded face i personally feature a more rounded abnormal face so i need to focus on wider lenses especially now that i'm overweight let me show you how different focal lengths work on my face and on my overweight body so how much room do you have on your studio to shoot your videos okay so because of the different compression rates on the different focal lengths the distance between your camera and your background matters for example right now i am using a 20 millimeter lens and i am three feet away from my background so now i'm gonna move another three feet for the total of six feet and now you can see more of my room and now if i move another three feet for a total of nine feet you can see most of my studio so if you are shooting with a wide angle lens make sure that you are shooting closer to your background so that way you don't have to show your entire room so what focal length would i recommend you to try well that depends on two main factors number one your weight and your face roundness number two the size of your studio this is a chart of lenses i would recommend you to try out based on your weight and the roundness of your face if you are really overweight i will say try a 16 millimeter lens if you have a lower weight try a 24 a little overweight 35 in good shape 50. if you're skinny try an 85 and if you're really skinny i will say try a hundred millimeters or more in conclusion well in my case i am overweight currently weighing 215 pounds my face is more rounded than the average person so i believe my face looks better at 35 or 24 millimeters however 24 is too wide for the size of my studio so 35 millimeters is probably the ideal focal length for my weight and face width now i love the look reveriamboo creates on his channel crimson engine the shallow depth of field his videos have and the compression you can see on his background he uses a 50 millimeters lens and when i personally talked to ravidian he told me he has at least 12 feet between his chair and his background even though my face benefits more from the 24 to 35 millimeters range i will be using a 50 millimeters at f 1.2 to create a nicely compressed background with a very shallow depth of field i love the look ravidian has on his channel and that is the look i want to achieve for my channel as well check out ravidium's canon master class site if you want to learn absolutely everything about canon cinema cameras and the foundations of professional filmmaking i will be leaving you my personal affiliate link in the description below so that's it my friends thank you so much for watching if you have any questions please let me know in the comments section below and i would love to know what focal length you use on your youtube videos so let me know also in the comments section below and until next time see you well 50 is a little long for me you're going to need a bigger space but if you want some creamy shallow depth of field there's a great lens it's a fantastic lens to go with it's going to give you more compression you're going to need more space to get a shot like you see me right here or my main youtube setup is a really wide shot and that's going to need some space for that so uh try it you know you definitely if you have a 50 or a zoom you can test the 50 millimeter focal length with that is something i would go with please click the like button thank you for subscribing thank you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @BestAudiovisualTricks [11 likes]: Timecodes
00:00 Hook (What this video is about)
00:39 Intro
00:44 Halloween Special Subscribe Schmooze
00:58 What's a Talking-Head Video?
01:15 Most YouTubers prefer a 35mm or a 50mm lens
01:28 Caleb Pike & Gerald Undone's Lens Choice
01:35 Rubidium Wu's Lens Choice
01:56 Freaky!
01:58 What does a wide angle lens do to your background?
02:06 What does a wide angle lens do to your face?
02:10 What happens to your nose?
02:19 "The wider the lens, the bigger the nose".
02:25 What does a telephoto lens do to your background?
02:32 What does a telephoto lens do to your nose?
02:37 What does a telephoto lens do to your face?
02:45 How about a 50mm lens?
02:56 What's my main takeaway from this video?
03:18 One caveat: Your face roundness matters
03:31 I feature a rounded face
03:46 Different focal lengths on MY face & body
04:14 How big is your studio space?
04:18 Examples at different distances from my background
04:46 Advice about shooting with a wide angle lens
04:56 What focal length would I recommend YOU?
05:01 TWO main factors
05:08 Chart of Lenses RECOMMENDED
05:34 Talking-Head Videos Focal Length Chart REVEALED
05:44 In Conclusion
05:55 MY face looks better at...
06:09 Rubidium Wu's YouTube Channel Look
06:19 Rubidium's Lens Choice
06:23 Pictures of Rubidium and I
06:26 Rubidium's distance between background and subject
06:30 My lens choice for Talking-Head Videos (Why?)
06:51 Canon Masterclass by Rubidium Wu
07:07 Thank you for watching!
07:15 What focal length do you use for your talking-head videos?
07:26 BONUS: Caleb Pike responds to my question about using a 50mm lens
07:57 Outro
  2. @FreeTimeMastermind [2 likes]: You look 185 max! Great video.
  3. @SicarioAJ [1 likes]: Great info! Thank you
  4. @VladyslavKL [1 likes]: 🕊
  5. @EverydayAnthonyMontay [1 likes]: I use 45mm on mine talking head of video with a variable lens with a full frame camera for my content. I like your explanation of the different focal length and how it effects the subject! Never seen it that way!
  6. @tanay_777-d3g: i use 200mm for my talking head video
  7. @MichaelBouhnikProductions: what if your filming vertical? in that case an 85 sounds good for overweight guy
  8. @TheGinNam: dang 50 and 85 difference is huge, 50 most natural tho imho, nice video
  9. @mazzz3725: I have a 85mm and 50mm, however the problem is that my room is too small for a 80mm and i use adapter for my 50mm since its not emount so it doesnt have autofocus. 🥲 dont wanna sell my 85mm cause i love it and nobody buys the 50mm😢
  10. @piggradio1766: Thank you for this terrific video, it's so detailed yet easy to follow and right to the point with visual examples, wonderful!  Appreciate all the time and work you put into this, great job!  Cheers!
  11. @amberwishon: Still can’t decide on 35 or 50! I’m petite and have plenty room, prefer my face w 50, but worried I won’t be able to read teleprompter!?
  12. @ChristosBallis: A totally different approach! Exactly the one I have been looking for!
  13. @yarzuthitlay: thank you, been watching tons of videos for choosing lens for talking head, you're the best.
  14. @perigosu8449: How come you don't mention APS-C vs Full Frame? You won't get the same look as someone shooting 50mm on a full-frame if you have a aps-c camera... 50mm on aps-c is more like 75mm on a full-frame... therefore for a true "50mm look" you want a 33-35mm on your APS-C...

Basically, if you know the crop factor on your APS-C sensor, you'll have to multiply the focal length by that amount... most common is 1.5x
  15. @Whatever_Linda: I personally thought you looked best on the 50-100 mm
  16. @corvinlord: Pretty gnarly how buff you started to look at 50mm and 100mm haha. I never thought of that.
  17. @funlogicandmathematicspuzz1212: Hi..thank you for such a detailed video. I am a teacher who teaches in front of a whiteboard. This is one of my videos. 
https://youtu.be/DfK_eUEBi9M?si=rzXjyCyXJ0Mc1rxn


I was thinking of upgrading to a full frame and wanted the exact same look as shown in my whiteboard video that I shared above. I wish to keep the camera at a distance of 10 feet from the whiteboard. If I keep it closer then I get distracted.


My question, therefore is, should I purchase the 50mm or the 85mm with my full frame camera to get the exact same look as the one in my whiteboard video that I have shared above?
  18. @choosebobby7236: Very helpful - best video on the subject TY
  19. @lasttwhisper: i didnt even know there was distortion after 14mm  - 234324mm
  20. @TheMacCoding: What's the distance of the camera from your face?

- Improve Your Video Lighting on a Budget!: Kind: captions Language: en - So, you wanna make movies or take photos. You've got yourself a camera, a lens, and maybe even a microphone. So what's the next thing to level up your production quality? Lighting. This is not a sponsored video in any way. I've just been using this inexpensive $85 light from Amazon for almost a year now, and I'm really happy with it, and I've been wanting to make a video about it for quite awhile because lighting is one of the key things that separates amateur looking results from professional work. So I think it's really important to invest a little bit of time and maybe a little bit of money in upping your lighting quality. So my main purpose with this video isn't to advertise a light, but it's to help you understand the importance of paying attention to lighting in your videos or in your photos, and to really think about how you can effectively start incorporating that into your work. And I think it's easy to see all of the expensive gear that a lot of people use and think that your own work won't be able to reach that quality unless you also spend a ton of money. But for most of us, there are many less expensive alternatives out there that will end up working just fine. And at $85, I really think this light fits into pretty much anyone's budget, and will really make a huge difference in your overall video quality. What I was looking for when I decided to get it, was for a really soft diffused light that I could use when I'm filming in this room, especially shots like this where it's me talking to the camera. And I wanted the room to be brightly lit, but I wanted the light to be soft. I didn't want really harsh shadows that would be distracting, or make me look ugly. So the light I'm talking about is 24 by 36 inch softbox from a brand called Fovitech, or F-ah-vi-tech. I'd actually never heard of them before. I just found them on Amazon. They got decent reviews and, again, for $85, I figured why not. Luckily the light turned out to be awesome and pretty much every video that I filmed in this room for the past year almost has been filmed with that light. So if you wanna see what it does or how it looks, you can just watch pretty much any video since March of 2018. Anytime I'm in here, that's that light. So let's start with the pros, and probably most importantly is the quality of light. So regardless of price, you want the light to be of a good quality. This is a daylight balance light, and it has no unnatural tints to it. It doesn't kinda go green or red, it's very natural, neutral, daylight balanced light. It also doesn't flicker, and it doesn't emit any humming. So it's a great light to use in quiet environments, or where audio is really important. So another pro, in addition to the quality of the light, is of course, the cost, and the fact that for that price, it comes with everything that you need. So right out of the box, you get the light itself, you get all seven of the bulbs, you get the soft box, and you even get the light stand. So you're ready to go as soon as you take it out of the box and set it up. And to kinda go off that for the next pro on the list, one of the reasons that I chose this light specifically, is that it actually has two layers of diffusion, so double diffusion really makes a difference when you're going for really soft, gentle light. And as you might know, I actually have this light pointing away from me and bouncing off of a wall and a ceiling to make the light even softer and even more diffused. And then finally, another pro. Even though this is a fluorescent light and not an LED light, it still has a really low operating temperature. It gets a little bit warm, but it's not gonna raise the temperature of the room, or burn anybody, or cause any problems like that. So it's a really easy to use, safe, functional, practical light. Now, of course, it's not perfect, so in addition to the pros, there are definitely some cons. And the biggest con for me is that this light is very plastic-y. There's a lot of plastic parts. It's definitely not the most durable light in the world. If you're someone who needs to travel with your gear a lot, this light will probably start falling apart pretty quickly. But if you're someone like me who just needed a light to be set up in one location where it's not gonna get moved that much, it's perfect. I haven't personally had any issues with the durability, but I can find a few areas of weakness, specifically this handle that goes right above the buttons, and you kind of grab onto it if you need to reposition the light, or turn on the light. It's definitely something that I think would be the first thing to break on the light. And another con, which I can't really decide if it's fair or not to say as a con for this light. But this doesn't have any dimming functions. It does have three levels of light, so you have these seven bulbs, and you can decide if you wanna have the top two bulbs lit, the bottom two bulbs lit, or the middle three bulbs lit, or a combination of those. Basically, you've got three switches on the back of the light, and you can turn them on or off depending on your need. So, for example, this is with all three of the lights on. This is just with the top lights on. This is with the middle lights on. This is only the top and middle. And then finally, this is all three switches turned on. So you do have a few options and variety in terms of how bright you want the light to be, but it's not nearly the same as having a full-on dimmer. Now, as I mentioned before, for the specific style that I like, I usually have this light pointed at a wall and a ceiling so it bounces back an even softer, more diffused quality of light. But it also works really well as a direct light source that gives a totally different feel and a totally different style. And since it doesn't run very hot, it's not at all uncomfortable to have the light this close to you. I have it just outside the frame. It's maybe a foot away from my face, and I could easily sit here for a long time talking at the camera without feeling like I'm melting or sweating in the heat. I also like to use the light in this set-up when I'm filming or taking photos of things on the desk right here, because it gives a really soft quality of light with really beautiful shadows. And it helps to make like thumbnail images and product images really stand out and really look very, very dynamic. So even though this is a very simple light, it is actually really versatile as well. And then finally, the last con that I found over nearly a year of using this light is just that the light stand that comes with it is a bit light-weight and a little cheap. Luckily that's an easy thing to fix because you can just buy a really heavy-duty light stand, but my goal with this light was to buy something really inexpensive and that's it, not to have to buy anything else to make it work. So the light stand that it comes with works. It does the job. It's just not super sturdy and it's a bit wobbly. It's probably something you would wanna upgrade as time goes on. There's a saying that goes something like, a foolish person always pays twice; once for the thing and again for the thing they really wanted. Meaning that if you want something and you just kind of buy the cheap version, later on you end up buying the expensive version anyway, and spending twice as much money. I don't really think this is the case like that, because I didn't need to spend $800 on a single light. I just needed $85, get me a bright, soft light, and I'm good to go. And I think that is really the key. If you wanna start focusing on any part of production: lighting, sound, looks, whatever, figure out what style you're going for and then find the most effective way to do that. We'd all like to have the most expensive, high-end gear, but a lot of times you can really get by and get the results you're looking for with something that is significantly less expensive. So in the end, if you're looking for a good quality light and you don't wanna spend a bunch of money, but you wanna up the production quality of your work, then this is definitely a dee-lightful addition to your gear set-up. (techno music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @heatherjustcreate [7 likes]: I don’t mean this in a bad way but why don’t you have more subscribers? Your content is 🔥🔥🔥
  2. @LastTurnFilms [4 likes]: Landed on this video after watching a couple of your other videos and I gotta say, I love the overall style of your channel; the tone, the content, the technical execution, it's all great! Looking forward to seeing more! (Also, might have to grab me one of these lights, you've made quite a convincing argument haha)
  3. @JaskoBesic66 [2 likes]: You just got yourself a new subscriber. Awesome content - thank you!
  4. @joshzaring [2 likes]: Another awesome video man! My favorites are the falcon eyes 28td and 40td, they are really bright, soft led arrays with variable brightness and temp. But really if you have a light as bright as the one you have, you can always position it depending on how dim or bright you need it. I really like how it looks bounced off the wall.
  5. @DrMJAhmadian [1 likes]: Awesome
  6. @RealYomans [1 likes]: i dont have room for a softbox XD i will have to stick with my ikea desklamp
  7. @thevegasunicorn [1 likes]: I just found you and subscribed. Just wanted to say nice work. Love your colorful vibes and insightful videos.
  8. @Chavez1980s [1 likes]: love your lighting from the beginning i started following you, the mixture of your colors in the background is fantastic, really digging it! crisp color. do you shoot at a flat profile? curious to see or watch a video of you showing your settings..
  9. @LincolnintheAdirondacks [1 likes]: Your set is just so nice lol I’d love a place like that! As for the lighting, you’re right, there’s plenty of cheap lighting out there to boost quality! I’d put it up there along side audio for those doing non- vlog content
  10. @BillSnodgrass [1 likes]: Light is pretty much the heart of photography and videography.
  11. @DADPLAYINGGAMES [1 likes]: Where was this video when I was upgrading my studio!?! Good job again man! Keep up the awesome content!
  12. @NOTANOTHERCOOKINGSHOW [1 likes]: Happy New Year Bro! Working on a behind the scenes video of how I shoot videos and edit them in one video. lol. I'm forseeing a 40 minute video. I don't know if its the right strategy especially seeing you covering just one light. Just gonna go with it and see what happens. Entering some new territory. But great video.
  13. @itskevandram [1 likes]: Awesome video!! This reminds me I need to use better lighting!
  14. @ThisIsTechToday [1 likes]: Good lighting is so underrated amongst creatives! Lighting makes things sooooo much better!
  15. @AntonioVillagomez [1 likes]: 100% agree, great video
  16. @ItsJamesandMark [1 likes]: We still need to figure out how to best use light in our videos, thanks for the  insight!

- How I Built A YouTube Studio in a Tiny Room: Kind: captions Language: en Hey friends, welcome back to the channel. So, I have just moved to Hong Kong. And here I have this pretty small room that I need to turn into a YouTube studio. And so, in this episode of Creator Club, I'm going to show you the exact process of how we go from this to something that hopefully looks and sounds a whole lot better. So, if you've been thinking of setting up your own studio or potentially revamping your studio setup, then hopefully there will be something in this video that will be helpful for you. Oh, by the way, if you're new here, my name is Ali and I have been making YouTube videos here since 2017, documenting every step of my journey from broke medical student to working full-time as a junior doctor to now being a sevenfigure entrepreneur and bestselling author. And since 2020, I've also been running an online community called the Part-Time YouTuber Academy, where since then, we've helped over 20,000 students start and grow and monetize their YouTube channels with some pretty incredible success stories. So, if you'd like to check out the academy and get access to all the systems and templates and processes that I've used to grow my own YouTube channel and join a thriving community of creators from all around the world and get one-on-one support and feedback from me and my team, there'll be more details down in the video description. All right, so this is the space that we are playing with. This room is about 2.5 m wide, about 2.9 m long. Space is at a premium here in Hong Kong. And so this is like the smallest studio I've ever worked with, but that's okay. And we also have this kind of weird situation going on here where there is this big ass window, which is kind of nice. It's always nice having a big ass window in a in a studio room. And there's this sort of window sill component that's about 60 cm. So the first thing that I always think about uh when it comes to setting up a studio is what is the camera position going to be? And currently we have the camera positioned in that corner. Why do we have the camera positioned in that corner? I generally prefer to shoot into the corner of a room because if you go straight on, I don't know, I just think it looks less interesting than shooting into a corner. Some people really like a straight on look. I sometimes use it, but in this context, my goal really with the with the camera with the camera positioning is to try and get as much possible background into the shot because it's the background that is going to provide like the personality of the shot and I can put my bookshelf and my plant and my lamp and all all of that kind of thing. And the more distance there is from the camera to the back wall, the more blurry the background is going to look. And a big part of what makes a the YouTube studio look good to simplify a lot of like videography stuff is having a blurry background as you probably know. And so when I'm doing camera positioning, I want to try and get like up close and personal with the camera. So why do I want to get up close and personal with the camera? Well, I want to do it because I mean already this this shot actually looks pretty good. I've got this big ass window sort of shining a light on my face. Yeah, there's nothing in the background and there's like a really terrible echo. Hopefully you can't hear it too much when I'm using this particular microphone, but this actually looks not bad. You can imagine a YouTube video being shot from this this sort of position. I like being up up close and personal with the camera because if the camera is focusing on me, that means the background when there is stuff in it is going to be quite nicely blurred. I also particularly like using a 24 mm focal length. So, this is a Sony A7S3 which is a full-frame camera. This is not going to be a full in-depth tutorial about the difference between APS-C fully and all the videography stuff. You can find other YouTube tutorials about this, but I really like 24 mm as a focal length. I can reach out and like touch the camera lens. Um, and this is sort of the position that I like to be in. That would that's what 24 mm would give you. If it was like 50 mm or god forbid 85 mm, I would be a lot further back and I would still look like proportional because these lenses are more zoomed in, but it just creates more of a feeling of distance between me and the audience. And the sort of vibe I like to go for with my YouTube videos is like up close and personal. I want it to feel friendly. I want it to feel like I've literally just hit record on a camera and I'm speaking to the camera. I don't want it to feel as if I'm a presenter in like a masterclass online course or I'm a newsreader, which is often what you get if you use like a 50 or an 85 or like a longer kind of focal length. So, for me, 24 mm is my personal favorite. This lens is just a really cheap 24 mm prime lens that I got off of Amazon. The brand is Viltrox or something. It's not a brand I'd ever really heard of. I had a fancy 24 millimeter G Master lens that cost about $2,000 and then I broke it. So then I thought, you know what? No one can tell the difference between a $200 lens and a $2,000 lens. So I just bought the $200 one and it served me very nicely for this entire time. Oh, by the way, if you're enjoying this video, you might like to check out Riverside, who are the sponsor of today's video, and who are another big part of my studio setup and content creation process. Riverside is your all-in-one online studio for video and podcasting, both recording and editing, which makes it incredibly easy to create high-quality content right from your browser. I absolutely love Riverside. I've been using it for years to record podcasts and interviews remotely. It's super easy to use, and it integrates really nicely into our workflow for video and podcast production. Riverside is built specifically for creators like you and me. Not only does it let me record in up to 4K, but the editing features are actually really good. They've got multitrack editing, which means I can adjust individual tracks or mute certain aspects or even add scenes automatically. And the AI producer is incredibly helpful. When I do podcasts with me and my brother, we don't want to deal with all the faff of having to manually edit things. And so, you just click a button and the AI automatically removes silences and switches camera angles and everything. And it's just absolutely incredible. Oh, and the AI producer also adds perfectly animated captions to your videos, which is fantastic, especially if you're doing short form content that has like the captions baked in. Now, this is a special offer just for you. The first 1,000 people to click the link in the video description or scan this QR code will get 3 months of Riverside Pro for free. That is exclusive access to all of their pro features for three months at absolutely no cost. And if you like it just like I do, then you can let Riverside be your go-to online studio for all things video and podcasting. So, thank you Riverside for sponsoring this video and for being an indispensable part of my own workflow for years now. And let's get back to it. It's generally very good to have a light, a big light source that's sort of hitting your face at about a 45° angle. I have this window here, which is nice. Now, some YouTubers don't like having natural light in their shots because what natural light does is that it like, you know, if the sun comes out, if the clouds go out or whatever, like the fact that you've got like variation in the shot is annoying for a lot of other YouTubers and a lot of videographers because it means the background's going to be shifting and your white balance is going to be shifting and you're going to have to change stuff with the lights. I don't mind any of that stuff. I'm not trying to do a sort of professional video shoot here. My goal is to make the shot look natural and to make the shot look kind of like viby and like light mode and sort of I like the natural light aesthetic and also it helps me feel good. A big part of my philosophy with YouTube videos is that if I can design a studio and a filming setup that I actually want to be in, then I'm much more likely to film videos. And that to me is way more important than having a setup where yeah, the light is perfectly perfectly controlled. So, I like the idea that the window is right here. I can look beyond the window. I can see the nice greenery, all that kind of stuff. It feels kind of inspiring. But that basically means that the camera either has to be on this part of the room or it has to be on this part of the room. So, this is broadly what the camera position would look like if it was on this half of the room. Now, as you can see, there is this wooden door in the background. And the only reason I'm not setting it up with this particular angle is because there's this freaking wooden door in the background and I just think it looks like a bit of an eyesore. It's not very nice. Whereas if I do it from this angle instead, yeah, this is sort of the angle I've got with my camera up here. This is sort of the angle. You don't see the wooden door in the background. And that was a key reason for positioning the camera there rather than over there. Hey Alice, say hello. Okay, so at this point we have the camera positioning. The thing we need to do now is get the table and the chair. Let's Okay, let's start with the chair. I like sitting down when I make YouTube videos. I would like to build a standing setup at some point, but it's just so much easier if everything is based around a sitting down setup. This is a random chair that I got from IKEA. Uh when I moved here to Hong Kong, I wanted to get like fancy stuff like a Herman Miller or like a whatever desk and chair and things, but those take weeks to months to arrive. And so when me and my wife went to IKEA, we were like, "Okay, how do we build a YouTube studio using just the stuff that IKEA Hong Kong happens to have in stock like today." And so that's why I ended up with this chair, which is actually not bad. I mean, it was about like, I don't know, $70 US, something like that. And we also have this really, really cheap desk, which works nicely. And this is the only IKEA countertop that they had in stock. I don't even know which one it is. Again, details will be probably down below. And I attached these IKEA Olive legs to it, which are a bit extensible. And so, you can sort of adjust the height of this just about. And now already we're starting to get a little bit of a YouTube studio setup here where we've got a chair, we've got a desk. I personally quite like sitting at a desk when I'm doing videos because it feels like my natural home. Sitting behind a desk. I feel quite comfortable having a desk in front of me. I can draw stuff. But this is this is a good start. We've got a big light source in the window. This would look terrible if it was at nighttime or if we drew the curtains. In fact, okay, so this is what this would look like. Obviously, you can see this looks a lot worse compared to when the curtains are drawn. Even worse would be if I turned on this light. Oh god. horrendous yellow fluorescenty type light. I think we're on auto white balance, so this should adjust eventually. Yeah, it just it just looks absolutely god awful. So, a big tip is never use the lights that are built into your house because they're generally awful. There we go. Look at that. Oh, this is already looking so so nice. And that's the difference that it makes having like no annoying yellow lights on the ceiling cuz ceiling lights generally look terrible um generally. and having a big ass sort of soft light source with a wide a massive window coming through. So already this is actually not too bad, but we can do a lot better. And so we're going to be then building this setup very slowly over time. Oh, by the way, if you're enjoying this video so far, you are absolutely going to love my completely free part-time YouTuber crash course. This is an email course where each day I send you an email that has a bunch of really useful resources, tools as it relates to growing on YouTube. If you want, there's a link down there or a QR code on screen or whatever. You enter your email address and you can get the course. And if you think it's bad, you can unsubscribe whenever you feel like it. But yeah, if you're interested in growing on YouTube, you might like to check that out completely for free. All right, so next order of business is a rug. This is a bit of an optional extra, but uh there is a lot of echo in the room and one of the big things about making good YouTube videos is having it sound good. And generally when there's a lot of echo, it just sounds a bit bad. And so the thing that causes echo broadly is sort of hard surfaces where the sound is sort of banging against each of the surfaces. But if you have soft stuff, that is where you then start to absorb the extra echo. So having a big rug on the floor, you know, you might see other YouTube studios having like acoustic panels on the walls, having a rug, having like soft furnishings in particular, putting stuff in the corners of the room really helps in terms of dampening down the echo. So, before I got this rug, when I was filming videos, I would actually take the duvet off of my bed, stick it on the floor, make sure it's out of shot. I would put pillows in the corners, and that stuff actually does make a noticeable difference to echo. I do think it makes a difference being here. Hang on. Oh, yeah. [Music] You know, sometimes I wonder how how did how did this end up being my day job. I used to be a doctor. Used to be saving lives. If only my mom could see me now. Now there is a rug on the floor which should not be visible in the shot. But um let's hear the effect this has on the echo. So now we're in rug mode. This is what things sounded like before the rug was in the room. If you haven't yet, you might like to check out my book, Feelgood Productivity. It's been out for nearly a year now. It is a guide on how to be more productive in a way that actually feels good. It's available on Amazon. And it's available everywhere books are sold. If you haven't yet checked out my book, Feelgood Productivity, it's available on Amazon. It's a guide on how to be more productive in a way that actually feels good. And you might like to check it out. It's available everywhere books are sold. Okay, so in my ears, I can kind of I can already hear the echo reduction from just having a cheap IKEA rug just sort of chilling on the floor. But I think as we add more stuff like more furnishings and things like that, as you'll see, hopefully the echo will reduce even more. The next order of business is let's make the background look a little bit nicer before we start adding in artificial light sources and anything funky. So I have a general philosophy of YouTube backgrounds, which is three things: plant, lamp, and bookshelf. And if you have plant, lamp, and bookshelf, you can't really go wrong. You don't need all three. But generally, most of my setups have had plant, lamp, bookshelf. And the way that you sort of use your background is a bit of a sort of showcase of personality. Most of the stuff that I'm using to showcase personality comes straight from IKEA. The stuff that they happen to have in stock at in in the IKEA and Hong Kong. And so, let's just see how things shape up and how things look with different different elements. First thing, let's add a big plant in the background. Okay. So, this is the classic IKEA fake plant which is going into the setup. Question is, where do we want to put it? We can always change the position of it later, but how about here? Let's look on the camera angle. See, this is the importance of setting up the camera angle ahead of time because you never really know what stuff is going to look like until you've already set up the camera angle. So, I think this is fine, actually. Let's move it a little bit this way. Would the plant work over there? Uh, I think less so. Generally, um, this is another sort of sort of generalization rule of thumb when it comes to creating setups. You don't want stuff to be sprouting from your body. So, I know that I'm always going to be here in the center of the frame in the middle of the camera. And so, I don't really want these leaves to be coming out of my shoulders. Um, I sort of want to keep this space around me relatively clear. Not a hard and fast rule, obviously, but I want to keep it relatively clear. And so, this is not a good position for the plant. Does not look good over there. What just happened? Oh, no. I broke the plant. We saved the fake plant. Okay, so how does a plant look in that corner of the room? All right, what's next? Next, we need to plug this camera in cuz it's about to die. Okay, next order of business is I'm going to get this out of the way here. And we're going to add a lamp. I love lamps. Lamps are one of my favorite thing to add to a studio setup because they just look really nice. This was one of the few things that's not from IKEA. This is a nice green Philips lamp. I looked at IKEA. I wasn't really a fan of the lamps that they had there. Then I randomly went into like a Philips lighting shop and I saw this color of lamp and I was like, oh, immediately fell in love. Uh, one of my favorite YouTube channels and Instagram pages for like inspiration for like design is a friend of mine called Tom and he runs a channel called Bite Review and his aesthetic is very like pastel green colors and this sort of thing. And when I saw this lamp, it sort of reminded me of of the bite review aesthetic and I thought it would make Oh, look at that already. It would make a nice addition to the setup. So, that is a Philips Hue light bulb that's inside that. I could change color, but generally I quite like it being just a sort of warm orange kind of globe. Okay, next we have one of these IKEA trolleys. Um, this was another one of the things that they had in stock at the Hong Kong IKEA. This is currently all of the crap that's inside it. But crucially, we have a few IKEA fake potted plants, and I think these are always good additions. I I always like to have this one. This is the famous fetch potted plant. I think I like to have this on my desk at all times cuz it's just vibes. Um, and then these are two other fake plants can go in here. And I think if we put it roughly here, that would probably look more or less reasonable. Let's see what that looks like on camera. This is like a little bamboo lid that comes with it. Uh, sort of the bamboo top sort of goes with this light colored wood. I'm going for a sort of light colored wood aesthetic for various reasons. I don't really like dog wood as an aesthetic for YouTube studios or anything. Let's now add in the bookshelf again from IKEA. Yeah, we can just like do a bit of swivebling. Okay. Now, I honestly have no idea where this is going to go. Uh, sort of corner jobby. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's not bad. We do run into that issue where it's sort of like sprouting from my face a little bit. So, I don't think I'm a huge fan of that positioning. The bookshelf. What about if it was just like randomly here? Covers me up entirely. Definitely not. Oh, this is nice. I think I'm enjoying this specific configuration. Okay, that makes that makes the plant look very big. Do I want the plant to look very big or do I want the lamp to look big? Ow. With or without the shelf. This was where I'd sort of envisioned it initially. Sorry gang, there's going to be loads of footage to chop out of this, but that's okay. Okay, I'm not entirely sure what we're going to do with this bookshelf, but let's see how it goes for now. So, in the meantime, shove something on in. Okay, so we have enough stuff in the background. I still got some posters, still got a guitar that we can play with. We want to sort of set up the bookshelves to make it look kind of nice. But the key thing that we are now going to add to the setup is an artificial light. And this is where we start to get a little bit techy. It does work with the window, but window plus light is a better generally a better thing than just straight up window. It also means I can film at night time. And I often do workshops at nighttime where I'm not going to have this amazing like soft natural light that's coming in through the window. And so a artificial light is a very important part of this setup. Let's bring one in. And here we have the big ass light. This is the Amaran F22X and it is this sort of thing. One of the nice things about this light is that it's very portable, easy to pack up and down. I've been traveling with this back when I was doing my digital nomad stuff because it folds down quite nicely. The other nice thing about it and why I prefer it to like the 12D or whatever is because the soft box to this is quite thin and in small spaces you it's kind of annoying to deal with the big ass sort of aperture light dome which I was I've previously been using in my in my setups. So we are going to set up this as a soft light source. Okay. So this is what the the thingy for the box thingy for it looks like. Let's plug it in and I'll show you what difference it makes first. This then plugs into that. Good. And now this light plugs into this this thing. And now if I turn it on, this is going to start glowing. Now this is currently at 1% brightness. 1% brightness is very nice for nighttime, but it's not going to compete with the sunlight coming in. This is at 100% brightness. And this is a byolor light. So I could make it go orange and I can make it go super blue. And my camera is currently on auto white balance. And so it's going to try and adjust based on this. Let's just put it at 5,600 Kelvin, which is daylight. I'm going to ask Alice to hold this up. I'm going to show you how Alice's positioning. Hey, Alice. Um, is affecting the shot. Essentially, what we want is we want the light to be a kind of 45° angle onto where my face is hitting. The theory behind this is that if you get a light at 45 degrees, what that is going to do is create a nice light on this side of the face and a nice sort of slightly dramatic contrast darkness on this side of the face. So this is what the light looks like when it is in a this configuration. Now, I don't really like So you can see here is the camera and there is the light. I don't really like lights when they're that flat on cuz they make, I don't know, the image look a little bit more like, I don't know, you're in an interrogation room or something. You just have a light shining in your face. That looks nice. This sort of 45° setup. So, what does this look like with and without the light? This is without the light. And, you know, it still looks reasonable, but as soon as you add in a light, wo, now it suddenly makes the whole thing just pop way more. See, if I reduce its temperature to 2500 Kelvin, it becomes a kind kind of like warm glow. I quite like this because this almost makes it look like I'm filming in like golden hour sunset kind of vibes. Um, and I can sort of dial this up or down depending on my preferences just by twiddling this knob. And you can see the contrast before and after. Before and after. Like it does make a noticeable difference. When you have a big window light, you wouldn't think that adding in an artificial light makes a difference, but it really does. And like this automatically just makes us look way more professional. Now, we're going to see what this looks like if we close the curtains and get rid of the natural light in the room. Thank you for being my light stand and tripod all rolled into one. Most kind. So, this is what it looks like without the light. Camera is really trying to bump up the ISO to expose me properly. And now, boom. Let's add the light. Adjust things down a bit. And so, you can see kind of this is the effect that light that light has. Um, if I was shooting in a completely dark room, I would also get a fill light. A fill light is the light that sort of fills in these shadows a little bit. And I think we've got one coming on the way, like a little tube light or something, cuz this looks quite like almost overly dramatic. Obviously, I don't want Alice to be my light stand forever. So, we need to find a way to stick the light on here. Now, the nice thing that we have is that we have this area of window sill, which means I can just stick a tripod over here, and then the tripod can replace what Alice is currently doing. Hey, Alice. I actually don't want to use a tripod. I do have a a light stand, which is a tripod, but I'm experimenting with a new piece of gear called an autopole. This is the Manfrotto autopole. Um, I've been watching so many YouTube videos of people who have these in smaller studio setups cuz what it is, it is a pole that extends from the floor to the ceiling or in my case from one ed edge of the window sill to the other edge of the window sill. And it is a pole that you can kind of mount whatever you want onto using clamps and freedom arms and stuff like that. So, yes, I could use a light stand. Uh, but I kind of don't want to obstruct the window cuz the window's kind of a nice view. It's good vibes. I'm going to use an autopole and I'm going to use the autopole to connect the lightand. And I'm also going to use the autopole to mount an overhead camera setup. You see, if you guys seen my videos in the past, you know I like to use an overhead rig which requires a second camera and it's a little bit more involved. But rather than having tripod legs all over the floor and seastands on the floor, if you've got all the space in the world, that's totally fine. But if you don't have a lot of space, like in this sort of 2 meter by two, 3 m setup, an auto pole is really good. So here's how it works. Basically, I stick an autopole over here somewhere. You can always change the position. You put it up or whatever. And there is sort of suction. There's these sort of white suction cap type thingies going on here so it doesn't damage the whatever. We're renting here rather than buying cuz buying a place in Hong Kong is insanely expensive. Um, and then you put this down. Whoops. That's not how it works. Okay. You do that and then you pull this down. And now this sort of like clamps into place with like a spring-loaded mechanism where this is now not going anywhere. And now I can basically mount the light and also my overhead setup directly to this autopole which is nice. So let's start by mounting the light. Okay, so now the question is how do we mount a light to the pole? And what we have here is a combination of a super clamp and a freedom arm. These are I think both from Manfrotto as well. This is the Yeah, Manfrotto freedom arm and the Manfrotto super clamp. There's the super clamp. This this clamps to the autopole or it could even clamp to a desk. A super clamp is a clamp that basically clamps to absolutely anything. Um, at some point when I get a standing desk, by the way, if anyone wants to sponsor a standing desk, let me know. When I get a standing desk, I might just clamp the light to the standing desk so I can stand up and down. Uh, but for now, let's just stick it on the autofold. And then this is a freedom arm, which can sort of be tweaked and prodded into any sort of position. And this stuff can move, this stuff can move. And when you're ready to lock it in place, you lock it in place. So this is how like professional photographers, videographers will rig stuff to like pools and things and concerts and wherever using just like loads of freedom arms, using loads of clamps and other little gizmos. We could even just straight up attach this straight up to the straight to the thing. Yeah. So you can see we've got the super clamp directly attached to the light. Let's just experiment with this and see see how it works. And now I can just attach. And now this autopole and super clamp attached to the light has become what Alice was doing earlier. And that's nice. You know, this is how technology takes away people's jobs, right? Or something like that. Great. Now, here we have a nice little setup. Oh, look at that. Isn't that glorious? I could do this all day. This is so fun. We have just mounted the light to the autopole. Uh, next step is to create an overhead rig. This is where things start to get a little bit complicated now. And this is probably most studios don't need an overhead rake, but I like having one in mine with more bits and bobs. So, this is this sort of L-shaped bracket thing that you can attach a light to. This is a super clamp. This is the freedom on XLR cables there. Ah, this is another Freedom One. Lovely. You can never have too many of these little bad boys. Always super super handy. Oh, this one even comes with ah this looks like a Oh, it's a camera mounting thing. You can mount a camera to one of these as well. So, at some point I might even replace this tripod with another waterfall. I happen to have a tripod lying around which has one of these like ball head things on it that has this sort of rotational ability so that it can kind of rotate. If you stick a camera on it, you can kind of rotate it like 90 degrees, 180 or sort of 90° and downwards. And what I want to do is use this to create an overhead camera rig. So this is what we're going to do. We've got here another super clamp attached to another freedom arm. We're going to attach another super clamp to the freedom to the freedom arm. So now we have a double clamp setup. This is a little excessive, but you can make do with the material you've got. And now we are going to attach this bad boy to the clamp so that we can attach this to the autopole, this to the clamp, and we're going to have an overhead setup. It's a bit It's a bit ad hoc, but I think it will get the job done quite nicely. So, what we're doing is attaching a super clamp up to the top of this auto pull is going to go over here somewhere. It's a bit like precarious, but I think this is how we're going to get an overhead camera rig installed without it taking up a huge amount of space. Okay, now we can mount this camera to this bad boy. Let's see what that does to the weight. Oh, it holds the weight perfectly. Fantastic. I love it when a plan comes together. Uh, let's just make sure everything's super tightened cuz I do not want this landing on my head. That would not be a good look. We now have what is a fairly reasonable looking overhead camera rig and can zoom in and out as needed, but I'll probably just keep it I don't know like roughly there. Good. So, at this point, we have a funky setup where this is what the main angle looks like from here. I can draw diagrams and stuff. I can switch to the overhead rig as needed. But this is what the setup looks like in this on this particular angle. Anyway, let's just start with the poster. I think the poster would be fun. We have these two posters. These are things that are not from IKEA. They are from Displate. Not sponsoring this video or anything. I really like Disc Plates because these are actually metallic posters with a matte finish, which means you don't see much like light glare on them. And because they're magnetic, you just attach a magnet to the wall and then the poster sticks to the magnet, which means if you're renting, you don't have to deal with like drilling holes and stuff in your wall to try and mount things. So, basically, I think this one is going to go here somewhere. The way this plate works is you get these little sticker things that you can stick to the wall. And the next order of business is to stick a magnet to the sticker and then hold on to it for a while. All right. So, we now we've got the magnet on the wall. Let me just stick this on. Hopefully, all has gone according to plan. It will just stick to the wall. Okay. I mean, that looks really solid. This is a solid looking YouTube studio setup. I love this. This is great. Oh no, this microphone stopped recording. Whoops. All righty. So, you can see how things have shaped up. Hopefully, the audio sounds significantly better. The microphone is still a little bit far away from me cuz I'm mounted it directly on the camera. I'm waiting for delivery of a microphone boom thing to arrive so I can actually boom the microphone in from the autopole which would be nice. It would get a little bit closer to my mouth. Final order of business, we just need to put some stuff on the bookshelf and then we think are pretty much ready to go in terms of this YouTube studio. So, let's set up the bookshelf. We have emotional intelligence energy and motivation from Harvard Business Review Press. We have emotional intelligence happiness from HBR Press, The Happiness Pursuit by Chris Gilbo. I think we have a series of obviously kind of pop spirituality, the power of now, oneness with all life, and of course, A New Earth. We have Seal Care for Everyone. This is a book my wife wanted. Felt like nice on the shelf. We have Oliver Burkeman's fantastic book, 4,000 Weeks. We have The Love Prescription by John and Julie Gotman. I've not yet read it, but I want to. We have another one of Izzy's books, Zen, the Simple Art of Living. We have another Oliver Burkeman's new book, Meditations for Mortals, which I have not yet read, so that'll be fun. Build the life you want by Oprah Winfrey and Arthur Brooks, which is quite good. We have The Daily Dad by Ryan Holiday. I'm sort of want to be a dad someday, so I'm getting a getting a head start in the reading. We have You Are Here by Ticknut Han. We have The Book of Changu, Hen Classics. We have the Time Block Planner by Cal Newport that I've been been keen to try out for a while. We have The Art of War by Sunsu. All right, we're going to stick all these on the bookshelf, but I'm going to take a lunch break soon, so see you back very shortly. All right, we are back. Time to set up the books on the bookshelf, and then the studio setup is pretty much ready. Final order of business is we have these two little tiny Aperture NC light bulbs and we're going to stick them on shelf just for advice. All right, it's been a few weeks since I filmed the video. I actually totally forgot to record an outro for it. So, that's what this is. I think there's a couple of changes. I added a little blue light down there just for the vibes and otherwise it's broadly the same. This has been a quite a long video. I hope you got some value from it. Um, if you have any questions about the studio setup, please leave them in a comment down below. I will be looking through all the comments and maybe I'll do a refreshed version at some point in the future. If you're interested in more stuff about YouTube, then you might like to check out the part-time YouTuber Academy. And if you would like to know exactly what I would do if I were starting a YouTube channel completely from scratch today, that is a video right over here. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [69 likes]: Just launched - Superfocus: Our new productivity app for people with more ambition than time. Check it out here (limited time discount) - https://go.aliabdaal.com/superfocus/ytpc
  2. @amylouise_art_design [4 likes]: "Generally...you don't want stuff sprouting from your body" is both true and the funniest way I've heard that described. Thank you for this very helpful video.
  3. @emmanuellaonajite8824 [1 likes]: wow
  4. @CarolynRoseOfficial [1 likes]: Wow! I’ve always admired your studio set up and am mind blown at how you made it look so good in such a small space. I would have never thought it was a small room like this. Amazing job 🙌
  5. @joaopaulobg: sponsored by ikea? lol
  6. @otakuuniverse116: Ankoor warikoo learned from here
  7. @brakhotskii_anton: Which power bank do you use for amaran f22x? Link please 🙏
  8. @jaysay.youtube: honest question... why wouldnt you make the most of that amazing view?
  9. @PetParadise121: Beautiful
  10. @khmerkaraoke2984: You still in Hong Kong now?
  11. @oldmanfromafrica: First rule of backgrounds is no clutter.
  12. @smmohub: Wow, I've seen this book from Vietnam!
  13. @ClintLoweMusic: So I need a lot of stuff 🎥
  14. @cruiz526: It's so ridiculously helpful to know I am not the only one who rearranges my background decor a million times
  15. @chrislogan6122: There is more ads than actuall tutorial
  16. @Willy_The_Creator: I like this
  17. @Profanswers: That looks nice
  18. @joerichardsonre: Very helpful thank you.
  19. @versafem: Okay first of all am just going to say that's not small place 😁😁
  20. @skitzaart: If I had a empty spare room Iknow exactly what I would do. I wanna know how to setup a "studio" in my living room without obstructing anyones comodity, with 5yo running around and with my wife and I working 7-15 . Riddle me that :)

- How to Hang Video Lights from Your Ceiling: Kind: captions Language: en Thank You Squarespace for sponsoring this video okay here's the thing if you are a video creator you know what a pain it is to haul around lights on a c-stand it is my goal to get all of my lighting off of the ground onto the ceiling I'm gonna unbox some new aperture lights 300d mark twos I love them so much I love AB strong twenty DS for so long this is gonna provide a lot of power if you have a drop ceiling you can use this accessory to mount your lights to the ceiling but here it's not super simple because well I have no rigging and it's a pretty tall ceiling so that's what we're gonna tackle I hope it helps you out okay the vibe is constant lighting beautiful lighting because if you look up very good so the goal and we have a ton of aperture lights and aperture hooked me up so oh my gosh thank you links in description below aperture I love you I've been using them for so long so it's an honor for them to recognize me like this I love average we love some aperture we love some actors so we have their new 300 deep - mark - so that is much more powerful than the 120 deep which gets me excited because I'm thinking we can do a permanent lighting setup up there we can rig it up Jordan here is the handyman extraordinaire he is known in our circle of friends to just get stuff done you have shelves to hang call George done a couple shows I want a disclaimer I'm not a professional handyman that's already in the comments yes you probably know a little bit better but this is gonna work and we're gonna make it happen better than me so where are ya I'm paying you in money and clout so please shout out I'll tell you give him a reason to um I build a lot of stuff on my channel I also lived with like six people and a lot Department in Brooklyn so we're do fun stuff all the time we might build a ball pit for our dogs which will be cool but Jordan stutters my Instagram Jordan stuttered is also my youtube and yeah I'm sure was super helpful in kind of informing me what to look for best placement my number one biggest priority is this conference room table I do all my podcast so right here and right here and so if we haven't just over I feel like it will cast some shadows luckily we have a lot of white in the room because of this I think we can't just go right in the middle it's gonna have to be a little bit like over here I feel like that would be a good situation because we also I just bought so many seest and stuff from B&H where hopefully we can set it up to where it'll be on like a moving arm to where if it needs to lower we can lower okay so the idea and I hung all of this works these are 12-inch baby plates that there's six screws and we're gonna screw to the ceiling ideally you can screw this in and look this is the end of a c-stand so you could put the light on this but we're gonna want it to be a little bit lower I bought a lot of other stuff where we can kind of like it hanging anything with weight you just want to make sure you're anchoring it to something sturdy so that's the one thing we're gonna find out here pretty soon if there's stuff behind this like kind of veneer this little piece of plastic that's on the ceiling then we can drill it into that it'll hold the whole weight but if you drill into something that's too porous or just too crumbly then your light Falls but if you can't find the right like little tutorial video or the right amount for your specific ceiling one way you can do it what we did here so we got a 2x4 and we stretched it across I felt around the ceiling and figured out where the studs are in the ceiling the beams that support all the weight and once you find those you can get a 2x4 or a piece of plywood whatever piece of wood you want and basically kind of bridge the gap between those two studs in this case where we wanted to hang the light was in the middle of those so if we would have put it in the middle it would have just collapsed from the weight of you know whatever so what we did find is the studs so two sturdy connections and we connect we made a little bridge between those so that we could hang the light in the middle so we wouldn't fall down so if you see below this is what comes in the 300d this is going to magnify the power coming out of here even more so there's a lot of opportunity for bright big light but that's not what we're going for so we're actually not going to use this this is a way to keep this box on a c-stand so you know and we're like running around 120 D or on the office and we're dragging that so now this basically just slips on here that was extremely easy what we're gonna figure out how bright can this 300 D get especially in this room that is pretty narrow and pretty white okay we got us a lantern defuser what's so cool about this is you can actually use it as a light dome and if you wanted focus light you could use this wrap it around one side and get that focus light and then you could also use a lantern as just a never-ending beautiful 360-degree source of light oh my god I am so sorry are you okay I'm so sorry I should own oh yeah like shining right in your face that's not 2% 14% and I feel like we're already at what just the 120 d-does this is 42% the lights are out in here by the way 70% and then 100% so super bright let's run the lantern [Music] we got this one figured out for the podcast we got that figured out but I also shoot a lot of stuff this way and so instead of just picking a spot from the ceiling what we learned from that you do have to worry about shadows when you have lights you know up above so Dan here do I give you may give a little selfie selfie had the idea well hey why don't we mount it to the wall we have that smaller display and then use the light dome to have that beautiful soft direct light this way I would literally have a three-point lighting system just testin yeah dude the possibilities are just endless this is the outro before the ultra saying that I still have more aperture lights to unbox these are the RGB LED multicolor mini things Dan thank you for your expertise absolutely he's an actual like proper DP and stuff don't be afraid to change things up as everything that we did today was not our original plan and then also just was wait these lights are heavy so make sure that you're like anchored in correctly and get dangerous so we haven't followed up on what we changed on this setup and I'll show it again we basically added another grip head at the very end of it to act as a like failsafe so already our grip head with a 300 d is like on there super tight but if you think about it there's not an end on that C stand arm so we put another grip head that is just like super super tight at the end just in case if you want to stick around more videos more time but thanks guys just want to get some shoutouts and look how good okay so while we continue to figure this out quick word from Squarespace thank you so much for sponsoring exist video and honestly just sponsoring this channel having supportive brands like Squarespace that sponsor month after month literally helps me keep the lights on probably heard about Squarespace online stores portfolios analytics email campaigns it helps you do it all in it's super simple and it looks good as well the simple part is really big for me I'm creative I know stuff but I'm gonna be honest at the end of the day when I finish a video the fewer space there is between me having the idea and actually doing it the better recently I found myself with a little extra time on my hand less meetings less phone calls so I took the opportunity to catch up with a little bit of stuff on my website it's so easy with portfolios to kind of set it and forget it I looked at my work and so I haven't updated it in years so I gave it a little facelift more of a North Star for brands to come and see what work I've done what I could potentially do for them it makes the work speak for itself looks pretty easy to set up and it lets potential sponsors know that hey if I work with you I'm gonna put my best foot for it it's gonna be a beautiful creative relationship that works that works for my beautiful audience as well maybe I can review some of y'all's portfolios just some retweet and some Sharon okay so we'll get back to the video but just if you need a website if you need a domain please use my link squarespace.com slash their DG to get 10% off your first domain or website okay so final day of lights hanging Jordan is back he's kind enough to paint the piece of wood white so it's not as noticeable but we're still gonna be having a long C Stan hanging from the ceiling and yeah last last addition and then I think I'm gonna be good I had to purchase many more see Stan grips going through grips like crazy over here [Laughter] okay time to set up this guy on their side us up situs link so now we have the 300d and also this guy we can change the power by using the app and then the magnets oh this is fun so fun alright final light secured I think it'll be easy to put a light down up there if that's the best but I might just add the skirt around the lantern so that all the light focuses on the backdrop when I'm filming something here or even top down stuff this is gonna work really well work bulb there one two third over there and the lights are literally off right now which is crazy it like doesn't it doesn't even look like I'm changing anything Jordan beautiful job well done so I hope you guys are enjoying this video as a official office tour I feel like it's never gonna come because well we're always evolving right the next step is to finalize the sound if I can get the companies that I hired to like actually turn up and finish it and now that the world is going to shiitake mushrooms well the likelihood of that happening is even lower so you'll have to stick around see what happens because even though we got the light situation going there's still some housekeeping stuff of where am I gonna put the actual I might just put all of them here on the sea stand I'm gonna play more around with those little MC RGB lights which is really exciting those are so cool and finally aperture thank you so much so if you guys are curious at all check out the links in the description below the people who help Jordan Dan it was so fun and thank you for tuning in let me know if like this video hit that subscribe button down below for new videos every single week I think I'll keep it gone until next time stay PG okay bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @saradietschy [90 likes]: this was filmed a month ago and the last humans I saw before self isolating 😭😂 — also good suggestion from Ethan to add a safety chain to the light that’s connected straight into the stud or something else as a fail safe. Everything is super sturdy and tight but better to be safe 👌🏻
  2. @KDthr33: Thank you
  3. @JonathanMalaer: You should definitely update your  thumbnail for this video. It has a drop ceiling and this mounting method will not work with a drop ceiling.
  4. @quantumuniverse4606: Sara, please update your video quality to 4K it's 2024.
  5. @stasz.lepszewideo: This was great. Thank you for the inspiration!
  6. @mayesmedia2673: C stand grip. That’s a new one. The correct term is Gobo head. Nice setup
  7. @averagejoebitcoin: Insufferable
  8. @AnonymousOG: always interesting how YouTubers who make a lot of money get stuff for free. Just goes to show how the system makes the poor and middle class pay up more and work harder, and those who make it can start to work less and pay a lot less
  9. @norabdul1839: should I paint my largest wall green for a green screen? Or should I leave it free to keep the apartment open for different types of films? Not sure what to do. Thank you so much for this video!!
  10. @arnieswap: Why not use rails so you could move light where ever you want???
  11. @gabsriel: Why don't you attach securiy light cables ?
Just an example : https://www.amazon.com/Safety-Security-Stainless-Cables-Lighting/dp/B01M99955Y
  12. @bilalahmedwrites: Love your setup and lighting ... perfect
  13. @sanjitk24: Videohhhh😘
  14. @ariasatm8616: damn we need some cheap options you cant afford that unless youre rich
  15. @stevierayphoto5921: Squarespace is not good, read the terms and conditions people. They say they have the right to remove your content if they personally have opinions about it. Squarespace has poor customer service when you ask them about there terms & conditions as well. Again another company to stay cautious of.
  16. @stevierayphoto5921: aputure is ok, the lux output on their lights is mediocre. They advertise a lot in hopes of people not noticing where it counts is missing.
  17. @phpaololzki: you could've done the wall mounted lights right-side-up and not be risky by mounting it upside down. if that height is important, just adjust the wall mount lower so your lights can be of the same height
  18. @claudiocanale8977: hello monica lewinsky, me have one question! your appartment in manhattan? is failed?
  19. @LemarGriffinfilms: 7:10-7:12 The most epic ever! Love this. Thanks for sharing!
  20. @jasonmaiuri8057: Sara, not c-stand stuff  Its called grip hardware

- “cinematic" lighting BUT on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en So, you're a beginner starting to play around with some lighting and you're thinking, "What can I get on a budget that would be good value longterm and serve me well?" Firstly, let's understand the type of lighting you might be investing in before I recommend actual products cuz this stuff is a bit more important. The three things I'll introduce is a key light, backlight, and a fill light. The key light is your main source of light on the subject. Often diffused with a softbox or through other diffusion material. The backlight is well it's it's a backlight. It will help separate your subject from the background and add a little bit of flare and pop to the image. And lastly is the fill light. This is often used to fill in any darker areas on the subject which are just a bit too dark and you want to bring up the levels on the subject. Usually you can do this by bouncing the light coming from the key light off a reflector or another white board. This is the cheaper way to do it as you don't need to invest in a whole other light. One thing to take note of here is when you do set up your camera compared to your lights, if you want to get a more cinematic image, you want to make sure your camera is on the shadow side of the subject. This means the key light and the camera are opposite sides from each other and will help create depth to your shot. Otherwise, if you're on the same side of the line with the camera and light, it will look like this, which is, you know, definitely a bit more flat. So, using these three things, we can set up threepoint lighting, which is standard lighting for really any subject, whether it's a person or even a product. But honestly, you could just start with a two-point lighting setup, a key light and a backlight, and you can skip on the fill light for now. Really, it just depends on what you're actually shooting and how you want your shot to look. There is no one perfect way to light your scene. Before I get into the gear that you could get on a budget, let's have a look at how these lighting setups can actually be used in your scenes. This shot here is like an interview shot or could be used for YouTube as well. Any sort of talking head video, this lighting can apply really well. In this scene, I ended up using the window as my key light. So, that's one less thing you have to worry about if you want to save money is just to try and use your natural lighting. So, I set up this little dialogue scene between me and my sister and we're just at the table. And as you can see, we're both mainly lit by the window key light, but I also added a backlight just to get that separation between the subject and the [Music] background. And this scene here is supposed to be just like a music video or a creative setup. You can kind of do what you want, but it's still using that threepoint lighting. So, I've got the key light. This time, I changed the backlight to a warmer color so we could just have a bit more fun with it. And then I also added a little bit of a fill light. But honestly, in a lot of these shots, and in most case scenarios for me, I personally don't even bother with fill light cuz I don't know about you, but I'm usually in a white room or a bright space. So, there's going to be natural light bouncing off everywhere and it's often not too dark for me. Okay, now probably what you're actually here for. What is the gear that you should get on a budget? Depending on how dedicated you are with what you're creating and how much you want to invest, you still probably don't want to go too cheap with what you're buying. Otherwise, you'll be sacrificing heavily on the build quality and also the light quality. I'm not supported or sponsored by Amaran. I've bought their products myself and I use them myself, but I do recommend them. I've got the 200D and the 60XS of the Amaran lights. So, the 200D is usually my key light and the 60XS is used for the back lighting or something else in the background. But there are so many other budget brands or even just other brands out there that do light fixtures at affordable costs and they're basically all the same type of lights and models anyways. You know, brands like Newer and Small Rig and stuff you find on Amazon can all do the trick very well these days and it's it's great to see. So, let's build up a quick affordable set that can get you started with a key light and a backlight. Firstly, I recommend something like the Amaran 60XS as your key light. Now, it doesn't have to be from Amaran specifically. You might be able to find a cheaper model out there from a different brand like newer or small rig. But it's basically going to be that same light 60 W and by color if you want to save that little bit extra money like 50 bucks or whatever and just go the daylight balance light. That's all good. But I would recommend just spending that extra 50 bucks or so whatever it is to get the by color capabilities just because you can have a bit more fun with playing around with some warmer and cooler colors and you're not fixed to a straight white light. And to go with that some diffusion. I would just get a little soft box or something like that to get you started. Or if you want to save some money on diffusion, you can get bed sheets or shower curtains and you can make up sort of like your own rig and just put up a sheet in front of your key light and you can just punch the key light through that and it should be enough to diffuse um diffuse your light. You know, for the backlight, I recommend just getting started with like a little RGB light, you know, that can do the trick. I'll show you very soon how it looks with this sort of setup, but it will have enough output to get you started just for a little backlight. And plus, you can use it with all the colors and you can start experimenting with colors and stuff to make your scenes a bit more interesting. But that should do the trick for now. And finally, you need some light stands to put your lights on. Now, you don't have to get the ones I'm showing on screen now. You can find cheaper alternatives that are probably going to be a bit more flimsy and will break easier, but I thought this the ones that I put on the screen are just a bit of a nice middle ground. Stainless steel or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they are, and um should do the trick for a while. They're the ones that I have and I've had them for many years now and they hold up pretty good. So, here's what that looks like using similar gear. I got the 60XS as my key light with a softbox and a little RGB light for the back light. It's a great start and will do the job until you feel the need to upgrade. So, to wrap it up, I think it's it's great to start with getting a key light. If you watch my recent video from last week, you would have seen how much you can do with lighting with just one light. then you can invest in a second light to use as a backlight or other accent lighting in the background. Obviously, this all depends on what you're shooting and why you need it. But for most beginner cases, this is going to be a great start for your YouTube channel or little films that you want to make or anything like that. So, keep practicing, keep experimenting and creating and you will quickly level up your lighting game.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrayzYouTube [15 likes]: 3:11 Whoops forgot to colour these clips 😅
  2. @tav93-o1g [3 likes]: Quality videos like this and it’s not a big channel wtf 😭
  3. @smoothiestudiouk [1 likes]: That was explained brilliantly. Great vid, thank you!
  4. @cowboyforchrist [1 likes]: What tripod that?
  5. @Clndtz1: I’m an Australian who moved to America 6 months ago, so refreshing to hear an Aussie accent lol 😂
  6. @C_R_A_N_K_Z: Thank you very much. Short video but much value, perfect balance 💪
  7. @VerdantVanille: thank you so much for making this video! I truly really appreciate the simplicity here. Lighting feels so overwhelming for me, i've watched way too many videos that only brought confusion to my amateur brain. But you made it feel effortless. I'm getting that amaran key light to start experimenting!!
  8. @cute_puppies123: Genuinely thank you so much brother,. I'm from nepal and i really appreciate you make lighting so simple that now I can use it😊😊
  9. @BlurryFaceFilms: Your vids are so good man - great production 🔥
  10. @GodHatesUs7: Hello... awesome video! 🎉
 I have an important question... I can't stand too much high intensity light... but I wanna make cinematic guitar clips like the one you showed... what do you suggest? I thought of using the key light a bit far while wearing sunglasses... with a top notch camera.. would that be enough? I like making live clips so a bit of comfort is required.. thanks mate!
  11. @ialtag_sionnach: Great vid, but... Silent Night as background music? ehwat... murray crustmuss
  12. @michaelaviles3801: dope video man thank you. i am curious about silent night playing in the background though lol
  13. @ThisMichaelBrown: Thanks! Learned a bunch!
  14. @TheClayMason.: Such a good video mate! Im an Aussie youtuber too. Love your shots.
  15. @sorokina13: Thank you!
  16. @lifewithinphotography: nice video brotha! I'm gonna suss it out!
  17. @damnilfx: thanks! greetings from germany :)
  18. @jordan.newsom: Really useful man! Just what I was need for a project I'm working on.
  19. @TheRedSpecialGuitarPodcast: Awesome - thanks for this
  20. @Truevine-l1p: Broo this was so helpful thank you for a simple yet effective and informative video 🔥

- Lighting for YouTube Videos - Make Your Videos STAND OUT!: Kind: captions Language: en what is up everybody welcome to the channel my name is ben johnson and today we're going to be taking a look at how to use lighting to make a scene go from this to this [Music] whether you are into youtube photography video production design or art you'll soon begin to realize just how important lighting is lighting can completely change the look feel quality and emotion of your image it doesn't matter if you're using the highest quality camera available or simply an iphone you can still use lighting to create an amazing look for so now we're going to take a look at how we've set up this shot for today's video i approach lighting a scene a lot like a blank canvas so the first step is going to be to turn off all the lights once all of the lights are off it's really awesome because you have a completely blank canvas to start throwing lights onto the key light is the main light source for your image a great place to start with your key light is setting the light at a 45 degree angle from your subject alright we've got our key light on the only problem is it's pretty bright so we're going to want to dial that down a little bit when it comes to adjusting brightness we have two options step number one is going to be to move the light away from your subject or angle it away from your subject by doing this you'll create less light on the subject the only problem is it may create unwanted spill in other areas of your shot the other solution is to get a light that is dimmable this way you can adjust the brightness of the light without sacrificing the placement alright the overall brightness is a lot better now but a new issue that has come up is there's a pretty bad glare in my glasses and that could be a bit distracting so in order to fix this we're going to actually move our key light to the side this is going to do two things for us one it's gonna eliminate the glare that was in my glasses and two it's gonna create a little bit of dimension to the shot by adding shadow to this side of my face one other thing you guys may be thinking is ben you look crazy orange so in order to fix this we're either going to need to adjust the white balance on the camera or the color temperature of the light i highly recommend investing in a light that has control over the color temperature this way you can nail the white balance every time so now that we've got our key light dialed in the next step is deciding if we want to use a fill light and if so how much the key light while being awesome for the side of the face that it's lighting also introduces a lot of shadow on the opposite side this can be used to create a cinematic look but it may not be ideal for every type of video to help minimize the shadows that are created from the key light we're going to introduce a fill light for the fill light we're going to bring in a secondary light at a lower brightness level and angle it until we get the right amount of balance that we want for this shot in today's video i've decided that i want a little bit of shadow to make the shot overall look more natural than just completely flat however i definitely don't want the shadows as harsh as it was before this shot is already looking a billion times better than it did when we started overall the image is better exposed and the light is a lot more flattering for our next step we're going to be adding in what is known as the rim light this light will be placed off camera higher up and angled down to illuminate the edges around my head and shoulders it's called a rim light because the light actually creates a little bit of a rim around the head and shoulders which helps separate your subject from the background this is great because overall it's going to make your image less flat and more dimensional now that we have our key light fill light and rim light the only thing left to mention is practicals practicals are lights that actually appear within the frame of your image typically they are used to add color brighten up an area or just add a little bit of ambience to your shot for today's video i'm going to turn on the light bulb lamp that is on my desk as well as the marquis sign in addition to this i'm also going to be using a lifx z strip that is found on the back of my desk the cool thing about the z strip is that you can make it be any color that you want for this video i'm going to go with blue because it's more on par with my branding alright well that about wraps up this video and i hope that you guys were able to learn something valuable from this and if you are starting to implement any of these tips and tricks into your videos let me know in the comments below i would love to check them out thanks so much for watching before you guys leave make sure to hit that like button subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative you

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjohnsoncreative [13 likes]: Book a 1 on 1 session with me to level up your set up: setupsessions.com

I just launched the ⚡Creator Starter Pack: https://www.benjohnsoncreative.com/start
The ULTIMATE Guide for Content Creators looking to take their content to the next level this year. It includes a niche finder, brand template emails, monetization strategies, viral titles and hooks, thumbnail templates and more.
  2. @IndiaAtTheSummerOlympics: Whats the actual make and model of the round key and fill light you are using?
  3. @randocoupleclips: best video ever. you begin teaching us how all these layers are needed and why, then show us a beautiful product of everything all together. thanks
  4. @PeppasKisses: Just starting videos on my channel. Other than Official Music Videos alongside my music. This was exactly what I needed. Thank you.
  5. @fselements: Cracking video
  6. @Veronica.Reviews: Lighting really makes all the difference 😍
  7. @JimmySarango: 6 years after you published this video, it is still one of the most comprehensible to fix lightning. Thank you!
  8. @geofamiliaromao: Great instructions! Thank you!
  9. @m.douglas5406: Broooo. The lights don't come with a stand. Just found that out the hard way.
  10. @PixoteFilms: Nice.
  11. @fiorellacarob: Cool, so simple but with good result👏🏽
  12. @carrascat: Loved it, simple, focused and all clear!! I'm going to test it for my next vid and let you know!!
  13. @Lone-wolf11111: so many amazing video editing tools? cant they also add all those effects ? i see some effects can be so cinematic without any expensive equipment but just a nicely lit shot still needed..,,
  14. @katnancy: Bro I have a photography degree and but I’d be more likely to recommend this video to someone looking to begin to understand lighting…
  15. @MrDeadpool-z6u: You are not Ben Johnson... Ben Johnson is black!
  16. @yonisegal8058: for my key light, should i buy D light that have only day light or BI light that i can dial in the orange? i have complete control of the envirument. so i think i should go with only day light?
  17. @ThisMichaelBrown: Awesome and concise, thanks!
  18. @ashwaqsaeed84: First ..thank you so much  for the video .. it got me inspired on using what i have to setup the space .. 
I need help if you or any one reading my comment van help .. my key light is an octa softbox size 70 cm 
When i used it .. ut light the background as well ..is there any thing i can do here or i shoud get a smaller key light maybe one with side doors to  prevent the light from spreading??
  19. @TheSource479: Thanks 😊
  20. @laurayune: Thanks a lot!

- Lighting For Youtube Videos in SMALL Rooms and Spaces: Kind: captions Language: en i've been getting a ton of comments asking how to light small spaces so today i want to answer those comments with this video i'll be talking about how you can use camera placement and lighting to completely transform your space let's go [Music] [Applause] all right welcome back to the channel as mentioned before today we are talking about lighting for small spaces we're gonna head on over to my friend mariah's house and we're going to transform her spare room into a youtube set first things first i want to show a before shot of what i think a lot of people would sort of start with for their youtube video and that's to simply sit on the couch or the chair right up against the wall by doing this you're actually making your small space even smaller so this is typically how a lot of people may start their shot just kind of wherever their desk is they might flip their chair around the problem with that is you're going to lose some depth and you're not going to have as much control of the lights because you don't have as much space behind you to work with instead you should try shifting things around so that you're shooting towards a corner this way you can use the full diagonal length of the room when it comes to lighting and video in general having space behind you is really really good let's go ahead and bring in the key light i'm not going to turn it on just yet but i am going to get it into position let's go ahead and place it at about a 45 degree angle from the subject slightly elevated and angled down what i like to do next is to create a blank canvas by turning off all the lights let's go ahead and close the blinds on the window so that we don't get any light pollution or see any unwanted reflections of our lights in the glass i will also close the door to the room so no light spills in from the hallway then i will turn off the room lights and add in the key light as you can see it's super bright and that's partly because of how close we are in this smaller space one of the things you may not realize is that having a smaller space is actually an advantage because you don't need as powerful of lights or as many lights to get a good shot let's turn the key light down to about 20 percent we'll also change the color temperature to about 4 600 kelvin which on this light is the white setting this is already looking way better notice the dark circles in the eye are gone and we have a nice diffused flattering light which creates a nice little sparkle in the eye as well hey there i hope you are enjoying this video so far if you are this is a great time to go ahead and hit that like button and subscribe to the channel i also want to take a moment to talk to you about today's sponsor skillshare skillshare is an online community designed for creatives with thousands of classes you can level up your skills in a ton of different areas lighting photography video youtube and so much more i actually started using skillshare back in 2015 as i was starting my own creative business it was a valuable resource for me because i was able to get relevant information from creators who were ahead of me this helped me go further faster currently i'm taking the productivity for creatives class by thomas frank and it is gold it's helping me learn how to balance my creative space schedule and workflow because skillshare is a community designed for learning there's actually no ads which means no distractions right now the first 1000 of you to go down and click the link in the description will get a free trial of their premium membership as i say all the time on this channel my goal is to be a resource to creatives and sometimes that means sharing what some of my favorite resources are and that includes skillshare alright thanks for listening let's get back to the video for the next step we're going to add in a rim light which is also known as hair light rim lights are used to create separation between the subject and the background by creating an outline around them to accomplish this today we'll use a young nuo yn360 bar light attached to a ball head adapter on a light stand so that we can pivot it to the side and get it right over top of the subject this will get the light right on the hair and shoulders notice how this really makes her pop out from the background lastly we'll add in a background light for this shot today i'll be using this cool floor lamp sent to me by gobi i am using this lamp because it doesn't actually need a light stand which will save us quite a bit of space on the floor plus it's pretty tall which will help maximize our vertical space this light is color temperature adjustable it's full rgb and has a ton of built-in effects which makes it really cool and really interesting as a background light you can go for a nice natural look or you can spice it up a little bit with some color personally i think blue is looking pretty cool man this is a crazy difference from where we started and we only used three lights alright everybody i hope that you have enjoyed this video and found some value from it if you want to check out any of the lights used in this video or you want to check out skillshare i've put a ton of links down in the description as a resource for you before you guys leave make sure to like this video subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnplank4055 [1 likes]: I really did not know you could maximize such a small space with just different lighting. Thanks for the tutorial!
  2. @JohnnyGuitarRocks [1 likes]: Very interesting that the WHITE setting on the remote is equivalent to 4600 kelvin.  I was wondering what kelvin temperature is associated with the COLD remote button...do you know?  Thanks Ben!
  3. @jenniferchukwuka6439 [1 likes]: I have tried everything with the lights I have and I'm still struggling, I need help
  4. @benjohnsoncreative: I just launched the ⚡Creator Starter Pack: https://www.benjohnsoncreative.com/start
The ULTIMATE Guide for Content Creators looking to take their content to the next level this year. It includes a niche finder, brand template emails, monetization strategies, viral titles and hooks, thumbnail templates and more.
  5. @miksologia: "Only used three lights"... I think three lights is a LOT for something that should be achieved by just one light.
  6. @kingbras5009: great stuff brother...
  7. @vladimir-bb: video length - 6 min
ads - 1.5 min
well settled
  8. @prateeksharma5051: But i dont have lights and all, just a phone and mic.
  9. @CaptZedjay: Thank you
  10. @renae82w: Hello! I've been scrolling through videos for I don't know how long now and have done this I don't know how many times in the past! I make garlands that I sell in my Etsy shop. They are 6 feet long, 6 inches wide and 4-5 inches high. I try to use my fireplace mantel to show customers what they are for/how to use them etc. The lighting in my home always makes my pictures look drab, dreary, dingy, stuff like that! There is a lot of windows but they all have tint on them (no window treatments). I get shadows too! Can you help me with how to use light to take pics of my mantel that look natural, realistic and bright!? How many lights will I need and what kind? Budget friendly would really be helpful..... Also, I think my products would definitely sell better if my lighting was better, rather than dark and dingy! Thank you
  11. @ApollosArtChild: Hey man this is AMAZING. I'm currently living in a really small work space (6x6ft kind of space) I was wondering if a smaller LED panel would be able to achieve the same brightness for keylights?
  12. @sherintalkzaustralia: Latern box or rectangular or honeycomb is better for youtube single person talking videos?
  13. @positivelyalli: You have really been helping me level up my lighting game! Thank you!
  14. @CasioBioassay: it's a big improvement but you have some white patches on her face - forehead, under cheeks and chin.
  15. @YouDontScareMeYT: Yeaaah, I have even less space. I have a 25"x59" space between my desk and the wall. I film my videos in a closet.
  16. @IAmPhasion: This was such a good video but i don’t know where to store all this 😒
  17. @SnortsOfHappiness: you are a MASTER
  18. @landrecce: This was a really helpful demonstration! Thanks man!
  19. @VersionZeroTech: Hey, Ben, i know this is 3 years later but i'm really interested to know the brand of those rgb tubes featured at 3:39 i would really love it to get an answer from you, very informative video btw
  20. @barbiebrenda: This amazing video made me to subscribe ❤

- My Simple YouTube Studio Setup! 🔥 (High Quality Video & Audio): Kind: captions Language: en - If you like what you see right now and what you hear right now, then great, because in this video, I'm gonna be breaking down my super simple, but crispy YouTube studio set up, so that you can crush your YouTube talking head videos this year. Let's go. - [Announcer] You gotta just press record. - Hey, what's up, it's Omar El-Takrori with Think Media and this channel's all about helping you build your influence with online video. And so if you're interested in that, be sure to hit that subscribe button. But the first thing I wanted to break down was my audio setup. And so I got a second camera to show you kind of what I got going on. So for my audio setup, I actually have a very simple and cheap mic. And links down to everything down in the description below. If you wanna check out those links, check out the links down in the description below. But a very simple mic setup that's actually boomed onto my table so I don't have to have any stands and things like that. But as far as the mic that I'm using, I'm using the Deity D4 Mini. This is about a 40 or $50 mic. This mic sounds phenomenal, and I just have an aux cable, super cheap Amazon Basic aux cable that plugs right into the camera. And so this is a super simple and minimal setup. The arm is about $40. So you're talking about under $100 all in mic setup. And I absolutely love how it looks because you don't see it and I love how it sounds. Now, audio makes up for 50% of the video viewing experience. So you wanna make sure that you get good audio, but it doesn't have to break the bank like mine. Now, when it comes to the camera setup, I'm so pumped because you already know, I love the Sony ZV-E10. This is a compact 4k camera that shoots great video and has incredible auto focus. And you never have to worry about being out of focus. And I have a continuous power adapter, so I don't have to worry about batteries, which is a very smart investment if you don't want your batteries to die. But we've made tons of videos on this camera. It's totally one of my favorites, especially for just simple videos. Far as the lens goes, I got the infamous Sigma 16 millimeter lens, and this lens gives you a perfect medium wide shot. So if you're doing YouTube talking head, it is perfect. And I actually have a tape measure, 'cause I wanted to show you how far the camera is away from me. And so as far as where the lens is, we're talking about 30 inches away. And so, about two arms length distance. And it gives me this great look in my nice little small office. Cool little life hack that I like to do is actually use a wireless remote to start and stop recording. Now, this is like the vlog grip, but you don't need this. It's a very inexpensive purchase to buy a wireless remote to start and stop recording for really any camera that you use. And I would encourage it. And one thing that I actually use it for to make my editing faster is when I have a good take, I just end the recording. Because now that I know in editing, when the clip ends, it's gonna be a good take right before that clip ends, and so that'll just speed up some of your workflow. And so that is the Sony ZV-E10 with the Sigma lens. And one thing I absolutely love about the Sony ZV-E10 is its ability to be used for live streaming or Zoom conference calls with the use of a USBC cable. That's it. No special software or hardware. Just select the camera in whatever you are using and then you can actually level up your Zoom calls or live streams. And speaking of live streams, thank you to the sponsor of this video, which is StreamYard. StreamYard is how we go live here on Think Media, our Think Media podcast and our private Facebook communities. And it really makes live streaming so easy. I don't know if there's another software or platform that makes it easier than StreamYard, with the ability to bring on guests to conduct interviews or even share slides while you're doing a teaching and have cool transitions to really make your live streams look professional. And one feature I absolutely love about StreamYard that we don't talk about a lot is it's also a recorder. So if you wanna record a presentation or record an interview, but you don't wanna live stream it, you could capture it, it saves it on the back end, and then you could download it, edit it a little bit, or even repurpose it for social media. All that with StreamYard. And if you wanna check out StreamYard today, be sure to go to streamwiththink.com or check out the link down Thank you to StreamYard for sponsoring this video. Now the tripod that I have my camera on is a fairly inexpensive compact Manfrotto tripod with a ball head mount, which I absolutely love. It lets you get the perfect leveled shot. And I got a quick release system that allows me to take on and off the camera as needed. And if you want to extend the height of this tripod, you totally can with the three different levels as well as the center column. It actually extends higher. I would say the only downside to this tripod is if you wanna stand up in film, it's probably not gonna go as tall as you need it to go. However, for sitting in a stool or a chair like I am, it is perfect for that. And so that is the Manfrotto Compact tripod. Now, when it comes to lighting, lighting is really what makes any camera you use, whether it's your smartphone or a super expensive camera, look it's best. It is lighting that really brings out the best of any camera you use. And so when it comes to my key light or the light that's lighting my face, I am using an Amaran 60d with a large lantern. And so I'm gonna actually back up, swap the angle real quick, and as you can see, this little beast hiding behind here is the Amaran 60d, which I actually like this version, because it's not bicolored. It gives you the temperature that you need for your face. It also is battery powered, if you want it to be. And that's how I'm using it right now, but you could totally plug it in. It comes with the plug that you need. And then the lantern is a GVM lantern, but all these things, again, I'll post down in the description below. But this is my key light. It's producing a very soft and large light on my face. And what I really like about this light is also its wireless remote. So if I need to turn it off and on, I can do so. And if I wanna change the intensity, I can do so as well. Sorry if I ruined your eyes with that. But very convenient light. I've been using it for about a year now. That is the Amaran 60d. Now, you could totally stop there with just a good key light. And as you can see in the back, I got a little lamp in the back, which is nice. If I turn it off, that's kinda like, meh, but then you turn it on, ooh, it's nice and warm and welcome. You know what I'm talking about? But there are two other lights that really make this shot super dynamic and allow me to pop out from the background. The first one being my hair light or rim light. There is actually a light behind me hitting my head and shoulders to separate me from the background. And the light that's being used for my hair light is a GVM panel light that I have set to a warmer temperature because I want it to match my lamp, right. And you can see it's being suspended, kinda like in mid-air by magic. No, I'm just kidding. That is being suspended by what is called a Varipole. And what I love about this is it requires no screws or anything to be able to mount lightings, or if you even wanna suspend a camera or whatever you wanna use that pole for, you can do so and it just does it by tension. And so you set the tension and you lock it in place and it's been hanging for like a year and a half now. So it's pretty sweet. But that is my hair light. And then the other light that I wanted to break down is kinda my secret sauce, but that is my fake window light that you see there. So that is another light that's actually suspended. You already know that I like to suspend lights for no reason. It's so I don't have to have any stands, right? But this light over here is a GVM 100 watt. It's very similar to my key light, as it is a cob light, but this light has a snoot that allows me to put a gobo, which gives me the effect of a window, which is pretty dope, right? But these two lights really makes the shot dynamic and I believe just something else, just because of those two elements. And a really cool accessory that allows me to control both of these lights to turn on and off is this wireless remote, and it just really, I just plug it into the adapter that sends the signal to this and I can just turn it off and on. But to show you the power of this kind of lighting, I'm gonna turn off my key light and you can see like the shine in my hair and kinda the shine on my shoulders, obviously the fake window. But if I turn it off, you know, and turn on my key light, it's fine. You don't necessarily need it. But when I turn this on, boy, you already know your boy drippy, crispy. You know what I'm saying? - If you know what I'm saying. - But all that to say, that is my super simple and crispy YouTube setup and all the things that go in it. Would love to know your thoughts down in the comments below what you think, as well as any questions you may have. Or if you wanna see an updated office tour of how I even use my space to get three different shots as well as live stream, thumbnails and all the nines, then let me know down in the comments below. And I'm gonna scoot over this way, because if you wanna check out another video from us here at Think Media, check out Nolan's setup, it's actually pretty dope. You can do so by clicking or tapping the screen. Check out another video by clicking or tapping the screen. See you in another one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [31 likes]: Question of the day 💡Do you like your setup? Let us know! 
Get a 14-Day FREE Trial of StreamYard HERE ➡️ http://StreamWithThink.com.
  2. @JohnnyGuitarRocks [1 likes]: It's amazing how the Amaran 60d lights up your entire background in addition to you!  Thanks for the video tutorial.  VERY helpful Omar.
  3. @NBAOnCam: Can you please add the link to the battery adapter? Thank you
  4. @cynthiae: Can you please share what setting you have your key light on to get good skin tone?  I've heard 5600K, I've also heard 4800k.  I have a nice light that can do any setting, but I don't know the best to use.  Thanks.
  5. @Lokossousylvain: How to Set Up YouTube Content Studio | Step-by-Step Beginners Guide
  6. @tatak743: What a great video! Thanks for all the share!
  7. @MutaleMulenga8ight: great video, thank you. In addition to the filming and lighting equipment, what brand of office chair are you using, looks pretty sleek, Cheers!
  8. @LuckySantiago: Worth the $400 for the lens or is the kit lens good enough? 

Would like to see the comparison in the video or another video that shows comparison or side-by-side.
  9. @ramnik.bansal: can u pls share your room size as well ? Length breadth ?
  10. @JBrizbn: How much all up?
  11. @amit_nivasa: impressed beyond words
  12. @southisaac: This video really helped me. Thank you. I do drum covers. What lense would you recommend for that?
  13. @KadaCombs: what settings is your sony zv-10  on ???
  14. @KaiMina-h1e: Can i use the setup audio and etc for my phone to film instead of sony
  15. @Rapha_Mr.Mention: I like your set-up and I'm preparing to start mine soon
  16. @Reina_Coronada1: You are so adorable . I can’t concentrate on the content  ❤
  17. @meghanstandish7236: Great setup! I didn't see a link to that back decorative lamp light. Do you have a link for that?
  18. @WilTimesTheBigScreen: nice
  19. @DBCryptoCorner: Amazing setup and thank you for this! Question though…how do you get your desk in the pic when the cam is only 30” away? 

I am trying to recreate the same setup in a small office using Sony Zv-e10 with kit lens which ai believe is 16mm-50mm but with no zoom at 36” away, I still have to sit away from the desk. I’d prefer to be able to use the desk in the shots. 

Do you position your camera a little above eye level pointing down a bit? It doesn’t look like it though.
  20. @vanexstasy: thankyou so much! hey so I got the stand and the mic but what mic clip is that? I don’t wanna used these flimsy zip ties