- Best Lighting for YouTube Videos (Simple & CHEAP Video Lighting!): Kind: captions Language: en - Here's how to get the best lighting for YouTube videos for beginners. In this video, I'm gonna show you my top video lighting set up tips, and I'll share some great cheap lighting options that will help you achieve awesome YouTube video lighting quickly and easily. Now, straight up, there's two things that I want you to remember with your lighting. The first one is it's art, it's creative. There is no right or wrong with this, and you can dramatically change the look and the feel of your video with your lighting. So I want you to take on board what I'm showing you in this video, and make sure you're watching it right the way through. So then you know what you can play around with so you can dial in the look and feel that you're after for your videos. And the second thing is to focus on lighting yourself or the subject of your video first. And not to worry about the background or what's going on behind you as the priority is making sure that your viewers are focused on you and the content that you are delivering. And then if you've got extra time or extra lights, then worry about the background. So I'm gonna take you through a few different lighting setups now from using no gear to using one light to having multiple lights and how you can best set it up based on the location you're gonna be filming in. So you don't need to stress if you don't have fancy lights. I've got solutions for you too. So I wanna go ahead now and turn off all the lights in the room here and we're gonna look at a few different scenarios with a few different setups to see what you can achieve. Okay, so this is what my office or my studio looks like with no lights on. The light that you are seeing is coming through a big window that I have over the side here. So if you don't have any lights, a great place to start is by sitting in front of the window. So for context, if we spin around now, this is the window that I'm talking about. But if I sit down in the chair here, so this is what it looks like with just the light coming through the window. No extra lights. You can see, yes, it is pretty dark in the background, but, again, we can address that as a secondary. But so far, I'm lit well, I'm separated from the background. Viewers will be able to easily see and focus on me and the content and not be distracted by what's going on in the background. So you want to use, first off, whatever you already have access to. You don't need to go and buy the latest and greatest, the fanciest lighting gear. You've likely already got enough right now to get started with this, and you can upgrade as and when you need to down the track. Now, even just turning on one additional background light could, again, change the shot and the feeling that this shot brings entirely. But, again, this is a really simple setup, and I don't even have the ceiling lights on yet. So if we go ahead and turn those on, then we can change up the shot again. It could look totally different, but, again, the main light here is just coming in from that window to light me up. The other lights, the ceiling lights and stuff, are just here really lighting up the rest of the scene, the rest of the shot. Now speaking of ceiling lights, the reason I went, first off, to turn off all the lights is depending on the room that you're filming in, the ceiling lights could add to it or it could actually make it really difficult for you to film in there, all based on where they're positioned and where you are going to be standing or sitting. So you can see right now, I'm standing directly underneath one of these ceiling lights and it's creating horrible shadows. It's probably creating dark shadows under my eyes here, hot spots in my forehead. It really doesn't look great. So if your ideal filming location is going to be underneath one of these lights, I would suggest to turn it off or you could try to position yourself away from that light so you're not standing directly underneath it, so that it's lighting you up more evenly from above and from the front instead of from top down. Now, in my case here, in this room, I've actually got a lot of these lights. There are nine of them. So in order for me to move away from them, I could probably come back here and frame up my shot this way. So this way I don't have those crazy shadows coming over my shoulders. You can see there's a little bit here from the lights behind me, but at least the light over the front, it's a lot more even. So look at your positioning in the room, but worst case, turn them off and use other lights to light yourself up. So if you don't have access to any lights, then go and sit in front of a window. You can see you can get great results from that, or use any lights that you have already lying around, any lamps, desk lights, anything that you can use to light up your face, light up the subject of your videos. That's what's important. So again, I'm here with no other lights on, just the light lighting me up through the window. But let's say that you've got access to one light, where should you put it and what will that look like? So I've got here a small LED light panel. This one sells for around the $42 mark. And, again, I'll have links to all of my recommended gear down in the description below. But I love this one 'cause it's small, it's light, it's got a built-in battery life and it goes pretty bright. But one of the biggest things with this one is it's got a built-in diffuser. It actually throws a nice, soft light which is what you'll want if it's gonna be lighting up your face. Let's go ahead and turn this on. Let's turn it up just a little bit. We definitely don't want this on full brightness, and we can see already, it's totally changed our shot. So if it's not shining on me versus shining on me, it makes a big difference already. Now, you definitely don't wanna have your light down here; it's gonna create a really horror film look. So your ideal positioning for your lights should be just above eye level. And if you want a nice, even light, so not too many shadows or anything on your face, then you want to have it over near your camera or near the direction that you're looking. Now, obviously, you move it further back so that you're not gonna have it in your shot, but you can see that that's a fairly even light here across my face. Now if you do want something more dramatic and something more that you are used to seeing in films and documentaries, then you wanna move it off to the side a little bit more. So there is more of a slight shadow that you're getting on the side of your face. So it's a little bit more dramatic. So lights, just above eye level, off to the side or over near the camera if you've only got the one. And then once you work out the look that you like, then you can put this on a light stand or mount it just out of your shot so that it's set up there and good to go every time you want to create a video. Now the same will obviously apply for the other side as well. If we want something more neutral, then we want to go around here somewhere so that it's going to be more even light across my face. We move it over to the side, then it's more of a dramatic shot. And, again, we also don't have any background lights or anything else happening at this point. Now if you've got a light that doesn't have a built-in diffuser like this one, so it's not throwing a nice, soft light, then that's when you are gonna get some really harsh shadows in things, especially if it's pointing directly at you. So you can easily add some diffusion by just using a pillow case or even some baking paper over the light. Or you could turn the brightness up and you could bounce the light off the ceiling or off a wall behind your camera. And we don't wanna point it in the camera lens. But I'm bouncing the light now off the wall behind the camera. So you can see how it's still lighting me up, but it's bouncing the light around the room before it comes back to me versus if I hide that light now, it's much darker. So you've got options with your lighting. So I've set that light up on a light stand now. So this is what it looks like with just one light, and we can always go ahead and add another light or some color in the background just to make the shot look a little more interesting. Now if you've got two lights, you could use one to light you up and another one to light up the rest of your scene. Or you can use both of them to light you up. Again, depending on the look that you're after. So we could use the second light to fill in some of these darker areas or the shadows that this one light has left. So we grab another light here now. This one's the same brand, just a little bit bigger. Let's turn it on, let's dial it down so it's not so bright. You can, again, see that as we move this around, we're able to change up the look of the shot. So this here now is not on very bright. This one is just filling in some of those darker areas that were left from that first main light. So I've got the main one off to one side. I've got my fill-in light here off to the other side, and we can see the difference that that makes. So it just fills in some of those darker areas. So if you're going for a two light set up, then this is pretty standard. Both of them in front of you, both of them up above eye level, but both of them at different brightness levels with one of them being your primary light, one of them being your fill light to fill in some of those shadows. So with that light now on a stand, this is what that looks like. So some behind the scenes here. We've got our main primary light here, the bright one. This is doing most of the lighting me up. We've then got our secondary light here. So it's much dimmer light just to fill in some of those shadows. And, again, this already is just lighting me up with really cheap gear. And if we add a background light, then that's what that can look like. Now if you've got access to three lights, then a three lighting setup is actually something that's really popular with film and documentaries, a three-point lighting setup. So essentially it's very similar to what I've got here with a key primary light here that is lighting me up. There is a fill light to fill in some of those shadows. The third light then will be to create some outliners, some depth on the shot by lighting me up from behind. So your third light should be directed at you from behind and ideally from up above as well. Now to show you what that looks like, I'm just gonna turn on the light that's in the background of the shot here. That one we just use as a prop. We don't normally turn it on, but you'll be able to see what three lights can do. So I've got that third light on now and the brightness is turned right down. But you can already start to see that there's like a glow outline, even up into my hair here. And that, again, helps separate me from the background. So if you're gonna be using three lights, then this is typically how you'd set it up. You don't have to have it in your shot; you could move it out of shot, up a bit higher so you're not gonna see it, but this is the effect that it will have. And with the other background light on to make this shot more interesting and add a little bit color, it doesn't look too bad. Now I've got a couple of quick tips for you with your lighting before I show you what we use for our regular YouTube lighting setup here. The first one is that you want to try and keep the color temperature matched on any lights that are in your scene wherever possible, especially the ones that are lighting you up. So if you're gonna be shooting with lights that are on in the ceiling, any additional LED panels or lights that you're gonna be adding in, you want to try and dial those in to be the same color temperature so that it's all matching. If they don't match, then you can get some really weird colors and things happening, especially in skin tones and it can be pretty difficult to fix. And the second tip, I already told you that you need to have your lights above eye level but this becomes even more important if you are wearing glasses. If your lights are just at eye level, then the light's gonna reflect off the light into your glasses and directly back to the camera lens. This problem goes away if the lights are up much higher; it's gonna reflect and bounce down not into the camera lens so they're not gonna be visible in your shot. So this is where positioning your lights up high and off to the side is going to help remove any of those distracting reflections. Now for the lighting for our main YouTube shot, at least for right now with our current setup in this space, this is how it currently is. So right now the only light I have on me is coming through the window there. I have a main light up here with a big diffuser. I'll go ahead and turn that on so you can see what that looks like. So as you can see that one light is doing an amazing job of not just lighting me up and making me the focus of the video but also lighting up some of the background as well. And that's because it's got this massive big diffuser on it. So it is throwing a nice, soft light. It also means that I don't have really harsh shadows on this side of my face, but in order to fill some of those in, that's where I've got the light coming through the window to soften that off as well. So I don't need to have a dedicated second light to light up the other side of my face. I'm just using natural light for that. Now one thing we did do when we were fitting out this studio was change all the lights in the ceiling to be Philips Hue smart lights. So I can control each of the lights individually. I can change the brightness, but I can also change the color. Now obviously that's not something that you need to do, but personally I love to have the control, be able to adjust everything manually and also change the colors which change the colors in the background too. Now if I go ahead and switch these ceiling lights on now so you can see what this looks like. Now this is all lights on max and because they're smart lights, I can create different scenes to control each light individually. So for filming, I don't want these bright lights on. I want to use my main light here. So I've set up a scene where those are dimmed down, but in that same scene, I can also change the background lights as well. So I've got some different presets here that I can change through just to change up the look and feel of the shot a little bit. But they're full RGB lights in the ceiling, so I can really change any of them to be whatever color I like. And the only other light that I have on is this other lamp. So you can see that that just adds a little bit more color and a little bit more depth and interest to the shot without being too overpowering, too bright or too distracting. So again, the focus is on lighting yourself up first, then play around with the background afterwards because it's definitely not as important. So while this lighting set up might look overcomplicated, it's actually really simple. That one main light is lighting me up. I've got the ceiling lights turned off at the front here or dimmed right down. So they're not creating any weird shadows or anything like that. The other lights are just lighting up the room so it's lighter. And I've also got that little bit of light coming through the window as well. So you don't need to overcomplicate it. I hope now you can see the different lighting setups you can get really, really simply. So now that you've got your lighting sorted, if you want to find out why I use a $15 microphone, then check out the video linked on screen, and I'll see you in there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @quocle8468 [2 likes]: This is the best and most straight forward video on Youtube I've seen about this topic for a total clueless guy who want to start filming myself properly
  2. @isaaccruel3994 [1 likes]: how do we decide what light temperature?
  3. @lonicarissa: Such a helpful video!! Thank you
  4. @FitnessInASuit: This is a really good information. It helped me a lot to make my shooting much better!
  5. @LovelyandTrue48: I’m a month old beginner… thank you for address in the fact that a lot of of us don’t have nor want to spend money yet. I appreciate you teaching us to use what we have.
  6. @KCQgaming: I make gaming videos and I'm thinking of streaming should I buy the big light or the little light im just stuck on what I should get to start with
  7. @richardjhhh: I cant find the Raleno Light Panels, what do you/people recommend these days for lighting?
  8. @wttipton: Can anyone tell me how to do this with a hat on?  I get harsh shadows really no matter what I do.
  9. @neon_random_1337: Superhelpful video! 🙏
  10. @RaisingChangeGlobally: So helpful, thank you!
  11. @kristopherklee243: I was thinking around 3:48 that maybe you could unscrew just some of them to assist, 3 furthest back heavily glair off the back wall , so those off next 3 in middle of room on. 3 over person maybe outside 2 off and then maybe same for the front 3. Would help with subject hair lighting and then maybe less new purchased lights would be needed
  12. @NOSTALGICMEMORIES-y7u: i have only one light for photoshooting, but placing it kinda hard if i want to avoid shadows.
  13. @ADurning87: "There is no right or wrong with lighting." Well everyone has been repeatedly telling me how awful I am at lighting, I don't know what I'm doing, I should give up because I can't even do basic lighting right etc. and the worst part is that they're right; I just can't figure out how to do it. I've tried natural light, ring lights, LED panel lights, light reflectors, soft lights, even a combination of lamps, candles etc because I've been desperately trying to find something that works and I keep getting the same complaints... you're lighting is awful. 
I really wish there was like a "lighting for dummies" book because that's how I feel about myself now. 
Hopefully these videos can give me more help because I do want to get better, I just can't crack it yet 😔
  14. @rfmirza: Hi Justin, I was wondering if you would recommend Raleno LED Photography Lighting kit, continuous Fill light (45W, 2700K-6500K, 78 -inch stand) from Best Buy?  I will be using it to produce Vlogs to post on Youtube.  Thank you for your outstanding videos.
  15. @EszterFilo: Excellent educational video, well done 🎉
  16. @HongMaiPhamKhoi-u6v: Excellent video!
  17. @christopherlibertino: great video. clearly explained and very helpful. many thanks!
  18. @nickjohnston3882: To the point, solid content. thx 👍
  19. @LeathurRokk: I   don;t know about putting a light to the side for face lighting. To me it makes my makeup look darker on one eye than the other. Your tip might not work for people who wear dramatic obvious eyeshadow and eyeliner.  Light should be centered. Anyone else agree with me here?
  20. @themusicbusinessbuddy: Great video - thank you!

- Secrets to Perfect Lighting Setup in Small Spaces: Kind: captions Language: en the strange thing about the lighting technique that I'm about to show you is the fact that very few people use it even if it's so easy and the results are oh super good and the space saved is huge this is a normal apartment room and if I want to shoot something here it will look like this but if I add this lighting system it will look like this and the best part this setup doesn't take up any space in the room it's so good super budget friendly so powerful yeah let's build it so what is the setup how to perfectly position your lights what makes it perfect for small spaces and how much will it cost and yes it's perfect even if you shoot your videos with a fancy mirrorless camera or you use your iPhone the quality of your videos will be at another level for the first step I recommend you to apply the professional method and start with all the lights turned off so close your curtains and Turn All the Lights Off I will show you without the glasses and all also the biggest trick to look perfect if you use glosses now turn on the main light which is called by the professionals the key light maybe you saw a ton of creators recommending big soft boxes to have diffused light also a big professional light that is not bad but in small spaces a big soft box can be tricky to use and those lights will produce a ton of heat and are also expensive what I use instead are these lights from goox es45 this video is not sponsored but I will add affiliate links in the description with the best prices that I find right now and if you buy something from Amazon and first click on my link I will earn a small commission you're not going to pay anything extra but this will help me to keep sponsors away from this channel so godog es45 these lights are thin don't take up any space the light is super good powerful enough for a normal apartment room this room it's around 10x 8 ft something like this and the best part these lights are coming with desk stands a ball head is included which will help you to position the light exactly as you want having the lights attached to the desk you will get rid of the light stands that are super annoying in small rooms and also with these lights you don't need any soft boox and another plus these lights are perfectly quiet no fence inside making an annoying noise that you will hear on the recording and we can control them with the included remote you can change the light intensity and the color temperature this remote is magnetic and you can connect it to your light to charge it or you can charge the remote with USB type-c and the price is super good $139 with the stand and the remote going back to the setup turn on the key light I have this light on my right side at a 45° angle and of course adjust the intensity to look good for exposure settings I have a dedicated video where I explain every setting you need to do to achieve great quality and and the most useful trick to know when your image is perfectly exposed so after this video you will find the link in the description turning on the first light it's already better but now you can see a hard shadow on the left side of my face that sometimes can be considered cinematic but it's not suitable for all situations and to solve this we need to go to the Second Step turn on the second light that's positioned on the opposite side this light it's called the F light now the intensity of this light it's up to you you can set it at a lower level to look a little bit more cinematic or make it equal or something like this it's really up to you and we already see a huge Improvement in the image now let's go to the next step and make the image better but first I want to show you a special technique that will make the image even better and it's super good for those who wear glasses this is not bad right now but you can see some hard Shadows here this is normal it's not that bad but we can solve this and we have two options here one it's better than other the first one is to put the lights at almost a 90° angle and now we look like this it's not bad at all but we have some Shadows here of course if we use a huge soft box it will be much better but remember we are in a tiny room here is the special technique if you have a white wall in front of you or a light gray you can light that wall and the light will be reflected from the wall and will be so diffuse So Soft you will get rid of all these Shadows let me show you now the lights are facing the wall in front of me at the maximum power and the light is super diffuse we don't have any Shadows of course this will light a little bit of background but we can solve that in a second look how soft and nice the light is and because I position the desk facing the corner of the room to have a white wall in front of me I will also have a little bit of depth of feel this is how I have my lights positioned most of the time for me and it's perfect because I wear glasses and I don't have any hard and ugly Shadow it doesn't take up any space I don't need to use a soft box but yes it's not that directional and now if you find this video useful don't forget to press the like button and maybe subscribe thank you and now let's take the next step that will change everything let's transform that boring white background into something that will look great easy and cheap here it really depends on what background you have if you have a dark background a black background or a dark gray background that will look much better and more cinematic trust me but we can solve it even if we have a boring white background I will give you an example using just one single cheap RGB light I have this light from Ono this is super cheap I will add a link in the description I've had this for a long time the battery is good you have multiple mounting points it's demo RGB and you can charge it with an USBC and what I like to do is to light up the background with a color you can choose this based on what you like I like this blue one but according to your brand Identity or your preference you can change that and this is how the image looks right now but we have more and we can do better let's add a hairline what is that a small light placed above you a little bit behind your head that will light your shoulders and your hair this will create a little bit of separation and you will stand out more from the background if the background light is blue like in this example I will have this light orange and that will create a super nice effect this is the image with the light and without this light for this light I use ananzi VL 40 Pro it is a small RGB rechargeable light and I like this one because it comes with this little diffusion and it's a little bit softer than others and it's $29 because this light should be above you at a 45° angle and coming from behind you it's the hardest one to mount if you can and want to drill a hole in your ceiling and attach it with a magic arm or something like that it will be easier but I don't recommend that unfortunately the only easy way that I found is to use a light stand with an adapter and an extensible arm and have it positioned right out of the frame and this entire build will cost you around $70 I have the luxury to have and use aist stand this will be a better option but this will take up space it's a little bit expensive and heavy but I have it here and I use it most of the time because I have it but with the simple light stand and that system that I just showed you it you'll be okay of course if you don't think the difference with this hairlight is worth this entire effort you can do it without it and of course if you have't want to use any practical light like this one here you can use it without any problem you just need to be demo to have the right intensity set correctly let's take a look at the before and after this lights set up but let me tell you something interesting you can have the most powerful and the most professional light set up in the world and still produce lowquality talking head videos because you need to take care of more super important things I have a dedicated video where I show you my entire setup everything that I use and how I use them watch this video and let's make great talking head videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabrielVIP [10 likes]: Hey friends, as promised, here are the links to the products and other helpful videos:
🔴 ▶ Camera Settings For Talking Head Videos: 👉  https://youtu.be/5nB4WF6EhqA  👈
🔴 ▶ Build An Outstanding Talking Head Setup: 👉  https://youtu.be/dypYHLtgkQI   👈

🔴🔴 Lighting SETUP links:
Lights: https://amzn.to/49qlxJS
Background RGB Light: https://amzn.to/49HPjtP
Hair light: https://amzn.to/3Td2FZc
Tripod adapter: https://amzn.to/4bPC4bK
Extensible arm: https://amzn.to/49qEJH7
Light Tripod: https://amzn.to/49OOkay
C Stand: https://amzn.to/42W9LUQ
  2. @Northmtairsoft [4 likes]: I’m currently using Milwaukee construction lights , reflecting off the wall
  3. @kelwinkwel [2 likes]: Thanks for all the valuable advice on lighting. I always appreciate your enthusiastic delivery and presentation.
  4. @newt.acheron [1 likes]: In small spaces instead of C-stands or any strands/tripods on the floor it is better to use Manfrotto Autopole or similar from other brands like Kupo Kupole and mount them from wall to wall. You can buy two of them and also buy cheap aluminium pipes in your local store and mount them as crossbars on these autopoles with the scaffolding swivel clamps.
  5. @yowdhann7134 [1 likes]: Thank you once again. Hope you have a blessed day...
  6. @paperremix [1 likes]: I cannot wait to try this when I go home. I like my set up but it has harsh shadows due to my glasses. I couldn't find any videos on how to fix it and the algorithm finally showed me your video!! THANK YOU!!
  7. @SoreumKpopJrock [1 likes]: 0:17 my videos nowadays :D My Canon R50V kitlens has so little light. So I should add ISO insanely to better light. I have only Ring light and small led panel.
  8. @daninfiltered [1 likes]: Very helpful content, thank you!!
  9. @doc.federicoantonietti [1 likes]: Hi Gabriel! I'm watching all of your videos. One question: i have to build a setup for talking head video like this and i have my glasses, is the two lights trick possible even with a light yellow wall behind the desk? I have an amaran verge (not max, the regular one) and i didn't try because the house is new, i'm in next week
  10. @ShelterDogs [1 likes]: The Amaran Pano 60c lights have come out since the creation of this video. They are similar, but made by a brand known for higher quality. I’m curious if you would still recommend these over Amaran today?
  11. @lifebeyonddefault2018 [1 likes]: These videos are FIRE
  12. @iqbalwazirzazaikhan4201 [1 likes]: How much brightness level i set in
Godoxsl60 key light for my basement in limit place?
  13. @DrMMason [1 likes]: Hi Gabriel. What type of lighting stand are you using to mount the LED lights too?
  14. @ulisesarayad [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, what is better fol hair light? a panel like you do or a tube that can provide more shape i'm head and shoulders because the tuve is larger?
  15. @ace2044 [1 likes]: Best videos thank you
  16. @charleswesterbergford9995 [1 likes]: I want to offer some financial support but NOT membership per. month.   CBW
  17. @cekaonica [1 likes]: Very informative, nice, and professional video. However, I must say that your recent videos with the red background show an incredible improvement — it’s as if you’ve become a completely different person. It’s hard to comprehend how such small adjustments can make your production so much better, both visually and in the way you present your ideas. 👏👍
  18. @MeMyselfI007 [1 likes]: Thank uuuuuuu soooo much Gabriel
  19. @CasioBioassay [1 likes]: all these videos focus on hard shadows but seem to ignore the white glare.
  20. @chizzlemo3094 [1 likes]: Crap I bet you make amazing affiliate sales, I will buy all 4 lights! Great advice

- Lighting On A Budget For Talking Head Videos: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to talk about lighting, specifically lighting solutions when it comes to recording yourself. This is mostly for talking head videos. I'm going to cover a free option and some budget options, so stay tuned. Obviously, when it comes to buying lights, the sky's is the limit. But let's start with the most obvious and easiest solution, natural light coming from a window. Now, it sounds super basic. Just sit in front of a window facing the light so it hits your face. But there are a few things you should watch out for. The first one is strong direct sunlight. That can actually be too harsh. It creates sharp shadows, high contrasts, and can totally blow out parts of your image, especially if your camera doesn't have great dynamic range. The best kind of natural light when it's cloudy outside. The clouds act like a big diffuser, softening the sunlight and making it super flattering, like a giant softbox in the sky. But don't worry, you can still film on sunny days. Just avoid the times when sunlight blooms directly through the window. There's actually this really great application called Lumos that you can use to track the sun throughout the day and see whether or not it will shine directly through the window. So, if you can manage to utilize natural light properly, it's honestly one of the best light sources. All right, moving on to artificial lights. First thing, turn off all the lights in the room before you start setting up your own lights. That's basically rule number one. That's ground zero. then consider getting a cheap ring light. There are solid options out there in the $ 20 to $50 range. And a good mid-range cheaper ring light will work perfectly with your phone or with your camera regardless what you use. It's a onetime investment that can last a while. I personally use a large ring light that was around $150 and it's basically the only light I use for my videos. So, if you're starting out, if you want to get into making talking head videos, filming yourself, creating content, or get into even UGC and video presenting jobs, I would recommend you getting a ring light. Now, besides ring lights, you've also got soft box lights. These work similarly in that they diffuse the light and create a soft, flattering effect on your face, and they also don't create sharp shadows. You can find obviously cheap and expensive versions, some with dimmers, color temperature control, LED bulbs, different sizes, adjustable stands, you name it. Between the two, I feel like cheaper ring lights are more versatile than cheaper soft boxes. And again, it depends on your setup. If you're using a phone, a ring light with a phone mount is often the best bet and the cheapest option. It's allin-one, easy to move, and super beginner friendly. Keep in mind though that if a ring light is right in front of you, it will give that ring reflection in your eyes. Some people like it, some don't. With soft boxes, you don't really get that effect cuz you can't put it right in front of you. When it comes to effect lights or practicals, these are the fun ones for your background. You've got a bunch of options. One I absolutely love is a small RGB LED blade. You can find these for around 30 bucks on Amazon. I mean, that's probably the cheapest that you can get. Obviously, you have more expensive ones with better batteries with even more functions, brighter ones, etc. But personally, I love this. And this was 30 bucks. You can adjust color. It's super bright, small, portable. You can mount it on a tripod as well if you want. And it can completely change the vibe of a boring white wall. Even you can use it to add a little color to your face or throw some color into the background. Use it as a rim light to separate yourself from the background. It's very versatile. It's dimmable, has different modes, and it's just a fun tool that brings creativity into your videos. I highly recommend it as your first effect light or practical light. And beyond that, any background light works. It could be a lamp or a candle, RGB light strip, a standing lamp, literally anything that adds some style and atmosphere. you don't need to spend a lot unless you're going for something specific like the RGB blade. But again, even with those, you can have budget options. So, to wrap it up, if you don't have a budget for lights, natural light is totally usable. Just avoid direct sunlight and sometimes when the light changes rapidly. If you do have a little budget, I'd recommend a ring light. put more money into this because it's your main source and should be versatile, sturdy, adjustable, dimmable, and an RGB LED blade just for creativity and background effects. You'll love how much it adds to your shots and how creative you can be with them. So, with just these two lights, you can shoot great looking talking head videos for YouTube, UGC, or video presenting gigs or just content for YouTube. And I think that's absolutely amazing because you don't have to spend a whole lot of money on lightning solutions and you will still be able to produce professionallook videos. But that's it for this video about lighting solutions. If you found it helpful, don't forget to hit the like button and subscribe to the channel. And if you've got any topic requests, leave them in the comment section. I'm happy to make videos on stuff that you're interested in. But uh I'm going to thank for watching and I'll see you later,

  Top Comments:
  1. @kidilantraveler: Good

- CHEAP Lighting for YouTube Videos - STAND OUT for under $100: Kind: captions Language: en what is up everybody ben johnson here and today we're going to be taking a look at how to use lighting to make your videos go from this to this all on a budget [Music] [Applause] all right welcome back to the channel my name is ben johnson and i am a content creator based here in atlanta my goal with this channel is to be a resource to creatives through reviews tutorials behind the scenes content and honest podcasts so if you are into that sort of a thing make sure you subscribe to join the creative crew it really goes a long way towards supporting this channel and it makes sure that you never miss out so today we're going to be talking about lighting if you haven't already seen my lighting for youtube video you'll want to go ahead and check that out i'll put a link in the description as well as right here in that previous video we go into a lot of the technique behind lighting and i dive into a three-point lighting setup that you can utilize for your youtube videos in this video we're doing a very similar setup only this time we're using some high quality budget friendly alternatives for our key light today we're going to be using the viltrx l116t led light this light is absolutely awesome coming in at only thirty dollars it does all of the things that we need a key light to do it has a decent amount of output it's relatively soft it's dimmable and we can change the color temperature plus the interface on it is very similar to my much more expensive flapjack lights to achieve our three-point lighting setup we're going to be using two of these lights the only real downside of these lights is that the batteries are not included they take sony npf batteries but not to worry those batteries are relatively cheap you can usually get two of them plus a charger for around 25 dollars sony npf batteries come in a bunch of different sizes but all have the same connector plates so if you order a smaller battery it may not look the same as mine but it will work the same i happen to already have a few of these lying around because a lot of my filmmaking equipment can actually be powered by these batteries which makes them a great investment the other product that we want to get is a reflector we're going to be using this as our fill light five in one reflectors are a super versatile and nifty tool to have for shaping light the five uses are a fill a negative a cool bounce a warm bounce and a diffuser for today's video we're going to be using the silver cover to reflect some of our key light onto the shadowed side of my face to help remove some of that shadow and fill it in for starters we're going to place the key light beside me over here to light up this side of my face we are going to use the reflector to bounce the key light onto the opposite side to lessen some of the shadow next we're going to use our secondary veltrox light as a rim light to create some separation between me and the background by lighting up my head and shoulders now that me the subject is well lit we can focus on the background since we are rocking on a budget i'm not going to introduce any professional grade expensive lights for the background i'm just going to go around my house and find a couple of items that i think will help enhance the overall look of the scene for today's video i'm utilizing a household lamp and a candle now we are going to simply change the kelvin temperature of our rem light so that it matches the warm tones coming from the lamp this is pretty neat because the lamp is actually now motivating the rim light let's take a look at this progression one more time honestly i think this shot is looking pretty awesome it's really cool that we were able to achieve this whole look with two 30 dollar lights a reflector and a couple of things from around the house all of this goes to show that if you're intentional with your lighting you can really make a lot out of a little well that's going to about wrap up today's video i hope that you all have enjoyed it and were able to find some value from it before you guys leave make sure to hit that like button subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative you

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjohnsoncreative [13 likes]: Check out my full lighting course here: http://www.learnvideolighting.com
  2. @TheIfeomaa [2 likes]: 4years after still educational ❤
  3. @vernonchristopher1379 [2 likes]: Fantastic information about cheap lighting!
  4. @followedandloved [1 likes]: Great video! Well done with nice effects and music. Thanks for the knowledge!
  5. @hanfpeter4190 [1 likes]: Quick but insanely informative and easy to understand, thanks for your work!!
  6. @AuDHD_Aeriandria: Genuinely thank you.
  7. @sdg0629: Love this! Got something for my zoom meetings? Bc mine nee some serious help.
  8. @peggyyu9752: House is big 😊😊😊
  9. @SurajitDasgupta: How do I ensure that the light incident on my face does not spill over to illuminate the background too? I want the wall behind me to be dark or dimly lit.
  10. @MariaLopez-h5g9j: simple and smart
  11. @jvonthego123: can I use it without batteries and just plugged in?
  12. @dansanpr1: gracias thanks
  13. @coachjedijason: Great video - I'm up in Woodstock Georgia :)
  14. @danijeldanko4498: This video proved inflation.
  15. @tripplejaz: Quality information and content, Ben. When I decide to pick any of these up, I'll be sure you get that dosh in your pocket.
  16. @deniseherud: Dumb question for anyone already filming...I saw in the fave prods list a couple of TB hard drives...that's just for saving/editing right? Like those aren't necessary for live streaming?
  17. @94nolo: use your smartphone as a webcam for a high quality, free video source :)
  18. @livingonhighvibe: I have 2 nice Neewer softboxes that can be regulated temperature-wise and dimmed. I can also work with the light coming in from my glass door if I shoot in the daytime. But, I prefer not to because it differs and changes as the sun progresses. If I have no budget for extras right now, how do I nail it? The rim light is my problem and I also lack household lamps. I have Christmas light strands though, white and colorful. maybe getting a reflector would be enough? I can scramble cash for that.
  19. @LebaneserScrooge: Okay after watching a few of your videos, you've officially converted me.  You are now my bible.  I'm a chef with 30 years cooking experience and zero experience as a cameraman or editor, or anything else related to this subject, for that matter.  I'm starting a new series that premieres June 1st where I interview artists, musicians, chefs, comedians, actors, or anyone I just find interesting or inspiring, all while cooking them a 10 course meal, and I may have bitten off a little more than I can chew (no pun intended).   It will be multi-angled (3 stationary cameras and 1 cameraman).  My first guest is the person that inspired the show, Tai Taeolii from Art by Tai (he is an artist with over half a million followers and does a similar show where he draws while interviewing people).  His interview is scheduled for April 24th, and then it premieres June 1st, giving me a month for editing and promotion.  Then I already have 8 other guests lined up after him.  (the show is only going to air once a month, so I'm pretty close to already filling up a full year's season!)

I'm FREAKING OUT MAN!  I really want everything to be perfect, but ESPECIALLY the lighting!  Because like you said in one of your other videos, it's one of the most important things.  Would you want to be a guest on the show and help me set up the lighting?  I'll fly you out and hotel, and (of course) provide delicious food and a 10 course meal! The only thing is we would need to record before April 24th. I know that is only 3 months notice, but PLEASE let me know if you'd be interested!
  20. @Sevaraqabha: I like it , arabic language ❤️🔥😭😭😭

- AMAZING Video KEY Lights for ANY Budget!! ( $0 - $500 ): Kind: captions Language: en what is up everybody ben johnson here and today we're talking about key lights we will be showcasing some of my favorite key lights for any budget so that hopefully you can find the right light for you let's go [Music] [Applause] all right welcome back to the channel as mentioned before today we are talking about video key lights for any budget we will be starting low budget and working up as we go all right first up on the list is an absolutely free option and that is window light if you are shooting indoors window light can be a fantastic option to use the downside is it can be a lot harder to control you know the light can get cloudy or non-cloudy it can kind of change the color change the exposure so it's not always ideal plus it can be a little limited if it's dark and cloudy outside or if you want to shoot at night however you can definitely use it to your advantage especially if you use a little diy hack like using a bed sheet for diffusion if you want to find out more on how to do that and a bunch of other diy hacks you can check out this video here while window light can work it's a little inconsistent so let's check out some of the other options all right on the low end of our budget lighting we'll be looking at this nifty little light from rolando this light is bi-color adjustable from 3300 kelvin to 5600 kelvin and it has a rechargeable internal battery the frosted covering on the front face of the light creates a decent diffusion it's not the brightest and it's not the softest but it can get the job done especially if you're looking for a nice portable option alright next up on the list is what i would personally consider the best value option of all the lights on this list it isn't the best light it isn't the cheapest light but i think it's where you get the best performance for cost we're talking about this awesome softbox light kit from mount dog now i actually love this light so much that i've already made a dedicated review video for it that you can go check out here this light is my go-to recommendation for new youtubers who are shooting in a studio or just a bedroom or home office this light is bright it's soft it's dimmable it's color temperature adjustable it's remote control operated it comes with the light bulb a stand a soft box and a remote control all for 50 dollars it's so nice that this thing comes with a remote because so many times i'll be sitting in front of the camera trying to adjust my settings and i have to go back and forth and back and forth adjusting the light coming back checking it out but with the remote i can simply sit look at the flip out screen or a monitor and adjust it and it just really makes the whole process a lot more efficient it's got a good range of color from about 3 200 kelvin to 5600 kelvin and the softbox really makes for a nice flattering light source if you are in the market for a solid key light then this is really a hard option to beat alright next up on the list is this really interesting light sent to me by vision though this light is not as feature packed as the mount dog light we just looked at there is something convenient that you get out of the form factor and overall design if you are somebody who's doing a lot of conference calls or tutorial videos where you're sitting at your desk or even live streams then this could be a really convenient option for you the light comes with this unique desk mount that is height adjustable the onboard controls of this light are also pretty easy to use if you're going to be moving around a room a lot or trying to shoot in different spots and locations then this light's really not going to be a good option for you however if you're somebody who's doing a lot of their videos at the same desk or table then this could be a pretty unique and efficient option for your workflow alright everybody i've got a quick challenge for you can you guess what key light i'm using in this shot it will be one of the key lights featured in this video and i'll announce which one it is at the end so stick around but while you're trying to figure it out i'm going to talk to you about today's sponsor soundstripe soundstripe is a platform that offers tons of amazing music that you can legally license on your youtube videos and client projects they're always expanding their library of music plus they offer great filter tools to help you find the right track for your project it is way cheaper than the competition and believe me i know this from first hand experience i used to spend over four thousand dollars a year licensing music on other platforms in short soundstripe is the best value option i only have to spend 150 a year to get unlimited access to their library of music also the soundstripe team is super awesome and they actually told me that they want to hook you guys up so use the code creative15 to save 15 off at checkout all right how are you guys doing have you guessed the key light yet stay tuned till the end to find the right answer let's get back to the video super bright super soft key light we're talking about the gvm 100w i've also done a fully dedicated review video on this light where i dive into the ins and outs and pros and cons of it but all in all it's pretty incredible the light that you get from this is nothing short of beautiful and powerful you can really light up a whole room with this light it's a pretty heavy light definitely the heaviest of any of the ones that we're looking at today as well as the largest it also has to be hard plugged which can limit its usefulness if you're trying to shoot on location or places that don't have power all in all though if you are shooting inside of a studio space or larger room it's hard to find a better performance for the price alright and last up on the list we are looking at the fotodiox flapjacks these lights have been with me through it all i currently own two of them and to this day it's still what i use if i'm getting paid to go shoot client work i typically will use one as a key light and one as a fill light the reason that i love these lights is they have incredible output for the size and the edge light design creates a very flattering soft light without needing to use a big softbox unlike the gvm-100w these can either be hard plugged or powered by sony npf batteries they also have an option for v-mount they range from 3200 kelvin to 5600 kelvin they are dimmable and just really versatile i have used these on such a wide range of projects from interviews to real estate to music videos and even my youtube videos if you are solely doing youtube videos in like a smaller room or home office i don't think that these lights are going to be the best option for you but if you are going to be working with clients or doing larger film productions these lights could be a great option for you because you can take them on location and they're very durable all in all still to this day one of my absolute favorite key lights right everybody that's going to about wrap up this video i hope you have enjoyed this and found some value from it now there are definitely a lot more expensive options out there that will do incredible jobs but i really wanted to focus this video on some more budget options for youtubers and more realistic options that you guys may be considering the reality is a lot of us don't need to be spending thousands of dollars on a key light to make our videos look good remember it's less about the gear and more about how you use it if you are interested in checking out any of the lights mentioned in this video or maybe you're curious about where i get my music or video effects i have placed a ton of links down in the description as a resource for you before you guys leave make sure to like this video subscribe turn on notifications and as always stay creative peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjohnsoncreative [6 likes]: Check out my full lighting course here: http://www.learnvideolighting.com
  2. @Renesent [1 likes]: Been trying to figure out why something felt off about my setup and I think it's time to get an actual key light instead of a lamp with a bright hue bulb. This video helped a bit on figuring out what works best. Good stuff.
  3. @annebokma4637 [1 likes]: Since a lot of lights can be controlled by an app now. I find it handy to buy from one brand so I only have to use one app for all lighting settings. I found godox had the best price to performance for me. I use a sl30bi and 2*tl30. For my 2m*2m home studio, the dl30bi has a very convenient small softbox/dome. For bigger needs I rent, dont have spare space for storage 😂😅
  4. @batoolalbagshi [1 likes]: What is the best for beauty makeup videos?
  5. @wasssup7573: I want to get the Elgato key light air, all sold out…
  6. @Streetview83659: Id love sn uodated vrsion of this video! As its 2025 now and im wondering where peoducts are at now and if these may be obsolete now
  7. @WhippingKidsForScience: 0:48 but I’m homeless 😢
  8. @Jack-USA-1: God bless you!
  9. @Buildwithspence: I know this is an older video but I’m wondering what stand you use for the newer flat round led lights at the end of the video?
  10. @elizabethreese: curious why you don't recommend the fotodiox for youtubing in a small room etc.? because their output is more than that would require? or price?
  11. @markinno: when my light is ony is shadows the honycomb pattern as a light. what am I doing wrong? (amaran 60 x with light dome mini se)
  12. @OGWolfofAI: 🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:

00:00 💡 Introduction to the topic: Key lights for any budget
- Introduction of the video content: discussion about various key lights for any budget.
00:35 🪟 Highlight of the Free Key Light Option: Window Light
- Discusses the first key light option, which is window light.
- Window light is free but has downsides like inconsistency and lack of control.
01:34 🟡 Overview of the Rolando Low-Budget Light
- Brief overview of a low-budget light from Rolando.
- This light is bi-color adjustable and has a rechargeable internal battery.
02:04 👍 Discussion about the Mount Dog Softbox Light Kit
- Presents Mount Dog Softbox light kit, defined as the best value for money.
- This kit is bright, dimmable, color temperature adjustable, has a remote control, and only costs $50.
03:30 🪧 Visual presentation of the Conference Call Key Light
- Consideration of a unique desk light from Visimon, mainly used for conference calls or desk work.
- It has a unique desk mount that is height adjustable and is user-friendly.
04:27 🎵 Sponsor Segment: Soundstripe Platform
- Talks about the sponsor of the video, Soundstripe, a platform with a library of music for legal licensing.
- Provides a discount code for the viewers of this video.
05:37 💥 Discussion about the GVM 100W Light
- Overview of the GVM 100W, a super bright, and super soft key light.
- Provides details about the pros and cons of the light.
06:22 🎬 Review of the Fotodiox Flapjacks Light
- discusses the Fotodiox Flapjacks, durable lights for professional work on the field.
- These lights are versatile and can be used for a wide range of projects.
07:30 🎉 Conclusion and Encouragement to Stay Creative
- Wraps up the video, encourages viewers to explore budget options for key lights.
- Reinforces the message that it's less about the gear and more about how you use it.
  13. @EmyKilljoy: Is Better Amaran 100D or neewer fs150b?
  14. @aflo768: Hey Ben, what stand do you use for the flapjacks?
  15. @activemusickid: Why didn’t you mention the Neewer lights that you said you use in your other video??  Suddenly those lights aren’t good anymore?
  16. @scholak: Thank you for sharing this video
  17. @danielagragr4173: What is a good light for gym posing video’s? To make your muscles pop more
  18. @Philster42: Thanks, I learned a lot with your videos today. 👍
  19. @SJRogers0786: Can the Vijim desk light be mounted on a regular soft box light stand?
  20. @TruecolourPL: Everything seems ok but why would You put Your face so close to camera ?

- Best Podcast Lighting Setup Budget to Pro + Exact Placement Tips: Kind: captions Language: en-US If you want a professional looking video, podcast or livestream setup, lighting matters more than the camera you use. The lights you choose and where you put them are the real secret behind that pro shot. So in this video, I'll show you the top lights the creators are using, and we'll break those down into three categories from the most cost effective beginner lights to pro Sumer. To the professional light studios like our juice every day. That way, by the end, you'll know exactly what lights fit your space and your budget, and you'll confidently position them the right way, even if you've never done lighting before. Welcome to PSS Creative Media. I'm Steven, author of the Video Podcasting Playbook for Professionals. We help creators build pro studios at their home or office and handle the editing and content distribution. If you wanna work with us one-on-one. Go to PSS Media. Okay, so here's how I'll break this video down to make it super helpful for you. First, we'll take a look at the coolest lights, the budget friendly lights that we recommend for almost all creators. Then we'll quickly take a look at some more advanced professional lights used in bigger studios. And finally, we'll finish up by teaching you how to actually position and set up the lights where I'll show you the only lighting rules that you actually need, no boring specs or fluff, so that way you can look amazing on camera. Every time these insanely affordable lighting options and very simple lighting techniques will give you a more professional shot using an iPhone than most creators capture using a $5,000 Sony camera. Okay, so let's start with most cost effective and work our way up from there. You'll be surprised, even at the pro Sumer level, it's still super affordable. For this, we'll look at the shots that you actually get through the camera with both a solo host setup for myself and Veronica, as well as a co-host set up with Veronica and I together so you can really get an idea. Idea of what these lighting setups will look like for you and for that extra special cherry on top. We'll also look at an above shot of the same pose, the same lighting setup, so that you can actually get an idea at what distance and angle from the talent you should set up your lights. So let's dive right into it. But before we do, we've gotta talk about the first light that all creators buy. The ring light, like, do you remember the first experience we had with ring lights? Yeah. And what was it? It was like, wow, we're beautiful. Right? The difference between not having good lighting to having a ring light. So here this, the only light we currently have in the room is the ceiling fan light. This, so here is just the room light, and then here is the ring light. And the really brightness is kind of, I think what we started, but notice the ring in her eye there. So yeah, I mean, I think that a ring light is a great place for creators to start, right? It's, it's really cool because it's super affordable. But see my opinion, however, now that we've experimented with those LED panel lights, wouldn't you say that an LED panel light is a better option? Yes. But of course with an LED panel light, you have to get two of them. You know this is popular in the beauty industry for a reason because it does eliminate all the shadows on your face, which that also is not common at all in filmmaking or any other kind of television because of the characteristics that it gives the scene, which is why we don't use ring lights anymore. Also, it's very harsh, like it's very harsh and kind of hard to look straight at too. So it's cool if you wanna make a quick little vertical video and things like that. But now that the panel lights, like the ones we're about to look at have become so affordable, that's no longer a big selling point of these. 'cause it used to be that these are super cheap. Now also, if you wear glasses. This isn't a life for you. Okay? So ring lights, they're out. And that's mostly because LED panels have become so affordable, even comparable to some of the ring lights that you'll get. So ring lights are really just for content curious folks. They're not really for those who are going to be making content on a regular basis, but when you're not using a ring light, the minimum light setup that you're gonna need is gonna be a two light setup. But let's quickly talk about light setups. I like the walking. Let's start over here with our top picks for LED panel lights, and we're gonna get into these and look at different setups and configurations of them. But what's important to know is that your primo light setup is really gonna consist of three different types of lights, but there's really kind of four different types of lights that you would take into consideration when you're building your scene. The first is a key light. That's your main light. It should be your most powerful one, and that is typically placed about 45 degree angles off to one side of your face. A little higher than your head pointing down at you. The next light is gonna be a fill light. This fills in the other side of your face from the shadows that are created from your key light. Now the third consideration for a light that you'll need is what I like to call a room light, and that is something that is just gonna be an ambient light that sort of fills up your room, a light that you use for your backdrop to bring that backdrop up so that your scene looks really nice and lit. Those are the three main light. There's actually a fourth type of light. And the fourth type of light is what I actually like to call on-camera lights. These are things like neon signs in the background, like what we have here, or even lamps. Now a lamp is a really cool way to bring some more personality to your backdrop, and many of us like to have lamps on a bookcase or on a desk behind us, but here's where a very important consideration comes into play, and that is color temperature. Now, don't freak out color temperature isn't that hard to understand, really. You can just think of it as daylight versus warm. If you go to the hardware store, for example, and you're picking out light bulbs for your house is daylight bulbs or warm bulbs. Now in the world of photography, what we're dealing with is actually a Kelvin meter, and the most common light that we are gonna use is 5,600 K. That's just the daylight color temperature to many of these LED panel lights come in as a bicolor light. They allow you to get that daylight temperature or a warm temperature, and sometimes actually all of the different Kelvin numbers or settings in between. The reason for that is so that you can match your panel lights with whatever light happens to be going on in your room or in this way. If you need to use the overhead lights in your room or a little daylight coming in through the window, you can actually adjust the panel lights to match and just eyeball it. Or like Veronica says, Rojo, to try to get your panel lights to be about the same color temperature as your room light. But if you wanna get really fancy and really precise, you can pick up one of these puppies. This is an aperture by color light bulb that will actually go into any standard light fixture you have. And you can get the daylight temperature or the warm temperature. And this way you can screw this thing into a lamp that you have in the background, and it'll be that same precise 5,600 K that you get from your LED panel lights. The main consideration is to keep all of your lights as close to the same color temperature as possible. It doesn't have to be perfect. You can do it alo hole, but try to get all of the lights as close as you can as possible. But as I mentioned, if you're just getting started, you can get going with the two lights setup, and we're gonna explore the LED panel, two lights, setups first. And then we'll add the third light or a big key light into the mix and show you the different configurations of how you would set those up. And you'll actually be able to see the real shots that Veronica and I get for both a solo and a co-host setup with all of these different lights. And if you want a nice, easy list of all of these lights bundled into packs and their Amazon links, just comment lights right here where you're watching, and I'll share that link with you. So first up with our two lights setup are the bbr thirteens by newer. These puppies go for about 50 US dollars right now. Again, you can type lights in the description and I'll send you their Amazon links. These are the only lights we're using for this light setup in this room. We have these evenly placed to each side of our. Face. We get a nice even shot. No strong spotlights for both Veronica and I and also in the same configuration. We get a pretty decent setup for the two of us together in a co-host shot. Moving up from this. These are probably my all time favorite lights. These are the newer LED. Four 80 panel lights. They come in a two pack, which is amazing. But with these lights, you will also need to purchase the two pack of soft boxes that come with these lights. Again, comment lights and I'll share the link, but these are perhaps a touch softer than the panel lights. See what you think here. With both the shot of Veronica and myself, notice there's a very soft light on our faces, not a strong spotlight. We're really well and evenly lit. This is the perfect setup for beginner content creators and crazy affordable. But as I mentioned, a real primo creator setup, we'll need to have at least three lights. So for this, let's get a really nice, powerful key light into the mix and look no further than Newers new LED round panel Bicolor Light. This baby is amazing. Now, using this shot is our key light. We can combine it with the two BR thirteens, and this will be a top creator bundle that'll really help you light any scene. You have notice here in this shot of Veronica, we have the big panel light to one side as a key light. We use one of the other baby round panels to the other side of her, and then finally, the other round panel isn't shining on her at all, but only shining on the background. If you then look at the shot through the camera at what this does now we're really have a fully rounded, amazing shot. The background has really come to life. We really have a lot of color, and the shot is looking primo. And you'll see with my shot, there's also that same experience with the same light configuration. Now, these three lights will also help tremendously when it comes to the co-host setup. And take a look here from the above shot. Now we can take the big panel light and put it in between us right in the middle as one big fill light you could say. That will evenly blast light on both Veronica and I. Then we can spread out the two BR 13 panel lights to each side and take a look at what it looks like through the camera. Both of us are a lot more evenly lit and the background has really come to life. There's a lot of color and light and detail in the image and for the final pack, and this is really our top creator pack here. It's the same situation with the panel lights and soft boxes, the same configuration. We use the big key round panel light to one side, one of the soft box panel lights to the opposing side, and then one of the soft box panels to light up the background. This is the same solo host configuration for both Veronica and myself, and you can see that these shots truly look detailed and amazing. This is all you will ever need. To video podcast and create here on YouTube like a pro. Now with the co-hosted shot, we do the same thing, the round panel shot in the middle. Not only blast light here evenly on Veronica and I, but it will also help you to blast light into the background as well. And that's why when you look through the camera at this final co-host shot, the background is still nice and lit up and it's because that key light is so bright and it is. Evenly blasting throughout the whole scene. You can play around with these different light configurations and also microphone configurations and camera configurations inside of our really fun studio builder app that we have integrated into Podcast Your Way. Just go to podcast your way.com to try that out. Pretty cool stuff, right? The technology of these lights has become so impressive and we've tirelessly compared them to the lights used in top studios and on film sets, especially the panel lights. It's so impressive to me that they don't make a huge spotlight on your face, and they're very soft without needing a soft box. And remember, I've compiled a really helpful list with all these different light configurations and their Amazon links with the. Extra little doodads soft boxes and stands that you'll need, as well as information and quick tips. Just leave the comment light right here where you're watching this video and I will share that link with you. Okay, so now let's move up the ladder and take a quick gander at the professional light. Setups. As it turns out, even these pro lights now are relatively affordable. I think you're gonna be surprised. The main reason a professional would advise to upgrade from this or why they would want to really just has to do with shaping your scene and having control over the direction of your light, as well as the power of your light. These LED lights are not gonna be as powerful as a COB. Light. COB lights are much more powerful, can really light up a scene. They're a single. Big light source. However, these LED round panel lights from newer are insanely powerful and are the first LED panel that I've seen that really starts to rival these COB lights, especially when you use a COB light with a lantern style soft box like this. But we're gonna get to that. So really, with these LED panel lights, you can't really shape the light. They're really just gonna splash light everywhere. And for a professional who really wants to build a scene for. Filmmakers, they want a light that's a lot more directional that can fill up just the background or just what's in the foreground or the subject without splashing light all over the scene. And the way that you achieve that with the COB light is by using soft boxes. There are so many wonderful and fabulous and very affordable COB lights that you'll find on Amazon. My top pick is the Aran 100 D, or really any light from Aran or Aperture is gonna be really great for you. What's really cool about these, as I mentioned, is you can attach any number of soft box styles to these lights. The reason I like the 100 D compared to other models is it's very affordable and plenty powerful for most cases, offices, home setups. But when you graduate to using a COB light like this, you are going to need a heavy duty or stand like a C stand. And that's because once you start attaching big soft boxes to this thing, they become very top heavy and can topple over. With the flimsy, newer stands that you get with the LED panel lights, so you've gotta get a C stand. Now, these C stands are heavy duty enough and heavy enough by themselves that they'll usually be just fine in all you need to really support the weights of your COB. But if you have animals, dogs, or small children running around your setup, then you may really want to get some sandbags or some type of weight that you can drape over the feet of the seas. Stand here. Notice when I lose. In this here, it kind of pops up. The one on the top also does a similar action there. And then you have a joint here where this can spin around and another little attachment here that allows you to move this arm around in any position you want. These little elbows are really cool and handy, and that's why C stands are kind of the Swiss Army piece of equipment used on film sets. 'cause you can attach all sorts of things. A good heavy duty CST stand could run you a hundred bucks. So that's why we start to now step more into the professional level of things. So attaching your COB light to the CST stand is easy enough. Slip it on here and tighten the screw right here and attach it that way. And I'll show you a little tip in a second that I like to use with the COB lights to attach the soft box. But first, let's talk about the different types of soft boxes that we like to use and the ones that I would recommend for you to get started with. And really the only two kind of soft boxes that you're gonna need. The first is the lantern style soft box. Again, I'll have the link for this, and on the different soft boxes, if you type lights in the comments here, I'll share it with you. Notice this lantern has all these little Velcro pieces around it. When you purchase this lantern soft box, it comes with a black drape, so to speak. You could basically flag off or cover just the side of it so it doesn't blast a light over your entire. Seen, but that it just directs it towards one little spot. However, these lantern lights are amazing for one really important use case, and that is for a co-host podcast, most certainly, and that is because they will blast a ton of light when used with these COB lights and fill up your whole space evenly if you put them far enough in the background. In fact, behind me here, I have one of these going on right now, and that's how I've been filling up this whole scene and make shooting really easy. I can walk around and I know that as I walk around over here. That I'm gonna have relatively even light hitting me. From all directions. So this is really perfect when you have two people who are gonna appear on camera for this to be your main fill light. And then each host can have their own key light. And if you wanna get really fancy, each of their key lights can be the next type of soft box on our list, the parabolic soft box. Notice in the front of it, we have this. Grid. It breaks up the light, reduces a little bit of the power of the light, but it also makes the light a lot more directional. In this way, you can aim it downward toward your subject and it will only hit your subject. It won't really fill up the background. This is a really cool way that you can keep your background dark if you want to. If I wanted to maintain a dark background effect, I wouldn't want to use a light like a lantern light. I would want to keep. A light in my room dark, and then just use one of these on me and I'd have a really intimate look. The background could maintain a darkness and I could have my sort of on-camera lights in the background for that edgy, kind of dramatic look if that's what you're after. So if you do want to be able to shape your scene and you are after that dramatic cinematic professional look, these parabolic soft boxes are amazing and recommended by top professionals and creators here on YouTube. Now this grid is actually. Velcro on the outside, so it's optional. You can take this grid on and off. You can have a stronger light that isn't going to be as diffused and it won't be as directional. It'll actually be more of a spotlight that blasts over a larger area. Now, one final thing I'll say, if you really just wanna fill up your entire scene like you would with one of these lantern soft boxes, that's where now these newer LED round. Key lights really compete with these quite a bit and can become a much more simple way to achieve that same thing because they are very powerful and in our experiments just as powerful as what this does. This will however, blast light a little more all over the place, a little more in a spherical type shape than this will, but not by very much. So that's it. Those are the two type of soft boxes that I would recommend using. If you really just wanna shoot for the best of the best, go with the COB light and go with one of these. Make this your primary key light for every participant, every person that's gonna be on camera. If you're doing a solo podcast, you only need one. If you have two people, get two of these and two of these arons, and then get a lantern soft box for the fill light. Put that in between your host and your co-host. And then put these on the opposite side of both hosts and he'll be looking primo and you'll thank me for it and gimme a thumbs up here, I'm sure. So finally, I'll show you my little trick that I've learned with these am rans to get the soft box on here in a way that doesn't, that doesn't frustrate the hell out of you. What I like to do is actually remove the light from the stand first while the soft box is on the ground. This is how I likely attach it. That has three teeth on the guy. These also have. Little slots for those teeth to fit in. Those teeth go in there and they spin and they kind of click into place. And when it comes time to remove the soft box, it has a little button here that you press, and that will raise up the locking mechanism inside of this and allow you to spin the soft box back out again. I also like to remove the soft box in the same fashion, so I actually get down here on the ground, I plop it down like this, and just start spinning until I hear it. Click into place. And then look, now it's one thing. It has a little handle on the back of it so I can carry it. That's a much easier situation than trying to hold the soft box and kinda spin it on while it's on the stand. Now it's as simple as just adding it to the stand the way that I did before. Know that that's all the weight inserted. We just screw it real nice and tight. And now between this handle here, which will loosen up the light, you can angle the light this way, any way that you want. But you also have your elbow here on the C stand that you can loosen. So in this way, you can get the light any way you want. You can angle it down, angle it up. You can then loosen the arm here as well, so you can raise the light or lower the light and you can get it exactly where you want. And now you've got a heavy duty stand that will hold your light into place and you're gonna look professional and delicious on camera. If you do get a new light set up that you've used from this video, please let me know here in the comments. I would love to know if I've helped you in any way, and I would love to celebrate your new show and your new channel as well too. We are here to help you see you succeed and go places with your show. So make sure you subscribe and keep coming back every week. For more helpful and hopefully fun videos. And there you have it. Now you're ready to capture a truly amazing pro shot every time you record. But now you're gonna need to choose the perfect camera for your video podcast or livestream setup. And that can be an incredibly daunting task except your at PSS creative media. And I just put out a really helpful video right here where we cover the top cameras used by creators right now for video podcasts, live streaming, and YouTube. Again, starting at the most budget friendly, working our way up to the professional options. You're gonna want to check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @psscreativemedia: Want the full gear list for each light setup? 👀
I’ll send it to anyone who comments the magic word from the video. Let’s see who was paying attention. 😎
  2. @Leprechaun67-c2f: lights
  3. @TylerBurrell-y5i: Iights
  4. @bairdthebrother: light
  5. @kwameakowuah-acheampong4578: Light
  6. @benyoung777: Thank you for this video! This is so helpful and informative! LIGHTS
  7. @davidellison6308: Lights
  8. @abhayaneja9615: Lights
  9. @LetsChooseAgain: Thank you! Lights please
  10. @vinniefusco3975: Excellent video! Lights. :) Thank you
  11. @nadyamehdi611: Lights
  12. @clairegloss: Lights
  13. @Theoriaifos: Light
  14. @whatsupchuckshow: Lights.. Thank you
  15. @jessicalai8647: Lights. Thanks for the video ❤
  16. @Filmwhatmatters: 4:34 we call them practicals
  17. @phenomenal.beautyhairstyli7950: Light
  18. @RewiredForPurpose: Lights
  19. @iamcarlotaguedes: where's the page where you can play with different light options. i have level 2 of podcast your way and cant find it.
  20. @JesusHilarioH: Lights

- These Budget-Friendly Pro Studio Lights Are Actually Good: Kind: captions Language: en whether you're a filmmaker a photographer a content creator you know how powerful good lighting is when it comes to your work it's everything honestly it wasn't until I started to really understand lighting and invest in good lighting where I really started to see a big Improvement in my work and that's why I'm excited for today's non-sponsored review today we have two Pro Studio Lights by gvm or great video maker they sent me their 300b and their most powerful light their 650b b means bi-color by the way and to be completely honest with you I don't hear about gvm nor do I really see their products on set like at all in my personal experience it's pretty foreign to me but that's why after using these lights on a couple of real world shoots of mine I am that much more intrigued and impressed by gvm because I really feel like with these products they're taking a really bold step into the lighting market for filmmakers and content creators like you and me in this review I'm going to show you four different lighting scenarios where I actually use them and how it turned out Beyond these two lights gvm did send me a bonus third product which I will get to later in the video so stay tuned at the end of the video I'll talk about that but now let's get into it alright so let's talk about the design and functionality of these lights so all of their Pro Studio lights are by Kale I'll have app control which is really good and they all have 12 built-in effects where you can do like TV or a strobe or explosion whatever they have those effects if you need them great if you don't don't worry about it they're there for you right off the case they give you a very like Pro product feeling they don't seem cheap they don't feel cheap they feel really well built what's also nice about their Pro lineup is that all of their lights have fan control so when you're recording audio like this you don't have a raging fan that you are struggling to get rid of and post but you can turn that fan all the way down to a silent mode and not have to worry about it when you're recording audio the app is great it was easy to connect both lights the first time I turned it on I can control my color temperature all the built-in effects like I mentioned but I don't see an option to control the fan which would be nice instead of having to get up and do that manually maybe I'm not finding it hopefully they have a firmware update for that but that's just one thing that I wish that the app could do so they have a wide range of Lights with different output from 200 all the way to 650. everything before 400 has built-in controls on the physical light which is nice and I like the screen so it's it's also pretty simple to use and I appreciate easy interfaces and easy controls and then meanwhile everything above 400 comes with a control box the control box comes with a mount that you can put on a c-stand and you can do all your settings and adjustments from there the control box was also very easy to understand and figure out the first time I touched it but then again whether you have the control box or not you can control everything from that all right now let's get into the four different lighting setups where I recently used these lights on set so the first is for Studio work so for this shoot I was going for a editorial look which is always just something super clean and crisp from the outfit the colors the backdrop and the lighting and having a really nice soft light source brings that look home to me and basically all I did was Boom the 650b up with the modifier about a 45 degree angle and then I shot it down on our model Nadine and just like that you have a very clean very soft lighting setup which I love using it's so easy to do anybody can do it and I find use out of a continuous light like this for both photography and video [Music] to enhance the shot just a little I brought the 300b with the cover on it and I shot it right behind Nadine so she had a hair light and I brought a little more depth to the scene this is a very simple two light setup and it looks great the next setup is filmmaking just last week I was a cinematographer on a short film and we had a outdoor scene where we needed to emulate sunlight and we used the 650b to create that look this is a very good example on why having a bi-color light is very handy to have as we were able to really emulate that warm Sunset glow with the modifier of course now this film is not out but I will show you frames so you can kind of see the effect that the light gave so for our third setup I'm going to show you how I would use lights like these for another shoot that was Outdoors so this was another Sunset scene where we were working with a basketball player shooting dunking running around and we actually were running kind of late so we really needed a light like the 650b to give us a little more uh flexibility and time before the sun was completely gone so what's super clutch about the control box of the 650b is that you can power it with v-mounts we had two on both sides of the control box and we were able to have a portable soft source so a kind of funky thing we realized is that with the control box all of the cables go in the bottom which means that if you want to raise the stand pretty high you have to turn the box upside down which is you know no big deal it's a simple solution and again you can just control everything through that and again we use this powerful light source to emulate sunlight this would be a more cinematic or true to life type setup which we eventually broke and we moved to photography where we had more dramatic lighting where we just boom the light from above shot it down and got some really fun portraits of our model Herm foreign setup is for Content creation like this shot right now I'm literally using the 350b right now with a modifier on it to film my talking head portion of this YouTube video so this setup is very simple to use for again a YouTube video like this content creation or interviews so my next point isn't really about the light themselves but more so specifically the case of the 650d this is a big light so a big light is going to come with a big case and honestly this case is a pain to carry around I really wish that I had wheels and a handle like I've seen name I do I've seen aperture do I've seen those lights in person I've had friends that have brought those lights on set and being able to just roll those in is just so much easier thankfully I just carry all of my equipment in a rock and roller car but I do still wish this thing had Wheels let's talk about the price of the lights that they sent me so the 300b is 389 dollars which is cheaper than other lights that they are competing with and the 650b is 999 dollars which is also cheaper than its competitors so final thoughts these lights are really good they do what I need them to do they are built really well and I really think they're worth the price again they're a little more affordable than some of the other competitors on the market right now I think they are a really good option for beginner to Pro and again they have a wide range for you to select from so you may not need the boy 650 maybe just fine with the 300 or even a 200 or even you know whatever else if you don't own any lights and you're thinking about your first light I will say that a lot of lights these days do come with app control so once you commit to one brand you're gonna have all of those lights compatible with that one app I have aperture I have Nan light and now I've been using GBM so I literally have like three apps that I'm bouncing back and forth to control my lights and if that doesn't bother you then don't worry about it but it's kind of like buying an Apple computer you just are with that ecosystem with that type of light when it comes to app all right now for the third product that gvm sent me to review this is their wireless microphone system and yes all of the audio that you're hearing right now was recorded using this system it comes with the transmitter that connects to the mics and you can easily view your levels from it too these are handy because you can connect these straight to your camera to record audio directly onto your file so you don't have to worry about any syncing in post-production or you can just hit the record button on the mic and you can record internally and I'm actually recording internally right now for this voiceover I personally prefer using audio from a boom mic but having a couple logs like these are always really handy to have especially because they're so small and Compact and easy to use what I really like about this setup is that the case itself can be charged to charge your mics and your transmitter the moment I put them away if the case is charged I'm bringing them back to 100 I'm not going to get too deep into these mics but I definitely wanted to shout them out since gvm sent them to me to review they run about 170 which isn't too bad because some systems come with two mics just like these do but you don't get the case and they're even more expensive than this so I think they're definitely worth checking out so thank you so much for watching this review I really hope that you learned something and realize if these lights were for you or if they weren't and if you want to see more of my work you can check out my Instagram where I post more behind the scenes and process videos and of course the work that I love to create thanks again until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @zhaedt [14 likes]: Historically their lights have been bad. Looks like their stepping up their game
  2. @GVMLEDLIGHTS [9 likes]: Thanks, Chollette.🔥
  3. @flaviopresutti [6 likes]: Love this lights!
Awesome price for the features!
  4. @SoJesusChristMusic [4 likes]: Nice
  5. @WilliamNevius [3 likes]: Great content bro lights seem amazing 🔥🔥🔥
  6. @MuhammadFloyd [3 likes]: seeing how you used the lights was very veerrrry helpful. defintely want to try those setups next on a project
  7. @ILLAILLS [2 likes]: Just got two 300s. Very nice set up
  8. @Maorta_ [1 likes]: Appreciate the review. Would you say the SD300B good for home studio photography or is it too dim?
  9. @sainag1143: Is it has super megenta shift and less lux??? True???
  10. @stwostudio: Hi and thank you for your great review 🤩 Have you ever used a spotlight attachment with the SD300B, I can't find any information on other brand spotlight that can be used with... Thank u so much if u can help me 😊
  11. @tjsn-4vision: Have you tried the GVM 500
  12. @shumayla25: Hello, do you think there is a lot of differences between the 200w and the 300w? To selftaping with a softobox 120cm the light will be far between 1 m and 3m. Thank you
  13. @Legendary_Studios: :yt:Connect A Fresnel lens to the 650W. I DARE you. If you can figure out how to attach one, whether it's from GVM, Aputure, or whomever. I have purchased BOTH the GVM and the Aputure Fresnel lens. THEY WILL NOT ATTACH!! DON'T BELIEVE ME? :goodvibes:PLEASE ask GVM for one of their Fresnel lenses and then TRY IT yourself. :goodvibes:(I am Really, REALLY ANGRY about these foreign companies making shit that ALMOST works for less... fuckers):hand-orange-covering-eyes:

- “cinematic" lighting BUT on a budget: Kind: captions Language: en So, you're a beginner starting to play around with some lighting and you're thinking, "What can I get on a budget that would be good value longterm and serve me well?" Firstly, let's understand the type of lighting you might be investing in before I recommend actual products cuz this stuff is a bit more important. The three things I'll introduce is a key light, backlight, and a fill light. The key light is your main source of light on the subject. Often diffused with a softbox or through other diffusion material. The backlight is well it's it's a backlight. It will help separate your subject from the background and add a little bit of flare and pop to the image. And lastly is the fill light. This is often used to fill in any darker areas on the subject which are just a bit too dark and you want to bring up the levels on the subject. Usually you can do this by bouncing the light coming from the key light off a reflector or another white board. This is the cheaper way to do it as you don't need to invest in a whole other light. One thing to take note of here is when you do set up your camera compared to your lights, if you want to get a more cinematic image, you want to make sure your camera is on the shadow side of the subject. This means the key light and the camera are opposite sides from each other and will help create depth to your shot. Otherwise, if you're on the same side of the line with the camera and light, it will look like this, which is, you know, definitely a bit more flat. So, using these three things, we can set up threepoint lighting, which is standard lighting for really any subject, whether it's a person or even a product. But honestly, you could just start with a two-point lighting setup, a key light and a backlight, and you can skip on the fill light for now. Really, it just depends on what you're actually shooting and how you want your shot to look. There is no one perfect way to light your scene. Before I get into the gear that you could get on a budget, let's have a look at how these lighting setups can actually be used in your scenes. This shot here is like an interview shot or could be used for YouTube as well. Any sort of talking head video, this lighting can apply really well. In this scene, I ended up using the window as my key light. So, that's one less thing you have to worry about if you want to save money is just to try and use your natural lighting. So, I set up this little dialogue scene between me and my sister and we're just at the table. And as you can see, we're both mainly lit by the window key light, but I also added a backlight just to get that separation between the subject and the [Music] background. And this scene here is supposed to be just like a music video or a creative setup. You can kind of do what you want, but it's still using that threepoint lighting. So, I've got the key light. This time, I changed the backlight to a warmer color so we could just have a bit more fun with it. And then I also added a little bit of a fill light. But honestly, in a lot of these shots, and in most case scenarios for me, I personally don't even bother with fill light cuz I don't know about you, but I'm usually in a white room or a bright space. So, there's going to be natural light bouncing off everywhere and it's often not too dark for me. Okay, now probably what you're actually here for. What is the gear that you should get on a budget? Depending on how dedicated you are with what you're creating and how much you want to invest, you still probably don't want to go too cheap with what you're buying. Otherwise, you'll be sacrificing heavily on the build quality and also the light quality. I'm not supported or sponsored by Amaran. I've bought their products myself and I use them myself, but I do recommend them. I've got the 200D and the 60XS of the Amaran lights. So, the 200D is usually my key light and the 60XS is used for the back lighting or something else in the background. But there are so many other budget brands or even just other brands out there that do light fixtures at affordable costs and they're basically all the same type of lights and models anyways. You know, brands like Newer and Small Rig and stuff you find on Amazon can all do the trick very well these days and it's it's great to see. So, let's build up a quick affordable set that can get you started with a key light and a backlight. Firstly, I recommend something like the Amaran 60XS as your key light. Now, it doesn't have to be from Amaran specifically. You might be able to find a cheaper model out there from a different brand like newer or small rig. But it's basically going to be that same light 60 W and by color if you want to save that little bit extra money like 50 bucks or whatever and just go the daylight balance light. That's all good. But I would recommend just spending that extra 50 bucks or so whatever it is to get the by color capabilities just because you can have a bit more fun with playing around with some warmer and cooler colors and you're not fixed to a straight white light. And to go with that some diffusion. I would just get a little soft box or something like that to get you started. Or if you want to save some money on diffusion, you can get bed sheets or shower curtains and you can make up sort of like your own rig and just put up a sheet in front of your key light and you can just punch the key light through that and it should be enough to diffuse um diffuse your light. You know, for the backlight, I recommend just getting started with like a little RGB light, you know, that can do the trick. I'll show you very soon how it looks with this sort of setup, but it will have enough output to get you started just for a little backlight. And plus, you can use it with all the colors and you can start experimenting with colors and stuff to make your scenes a bit more interesting. But that should do the trick for now. And finally, you need some light stands to put your lights on. Now, you don't have to get the ones I'm showing on screen now. You can find cheaper alternatives that are probably going to be a bit more flimsy and will break easier, but I thought this the ones that I put on the screen are just a bit of a nice middle ground. Stainless steel or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they are, and um should do the trick for a while. They're the ones that I have and I've had them for many years now and they hold up pretty good. So, here's what that looks like using similar gear. I got the 60XS as my key light with a softbox and a little RGB light for the back light. It's a great start and will do the job until you feel the need to upgrade. So, to wrap it up, I think it's it's great to start with getting a key light. If you watch my recent video from last week, you would have seen how much you can do with lighting with just one light. then you can invest in a second light to use as a backlight or other accent lighting in the background. Obviously, this all depends on what you're shooting and why you need it. But for most beginner cases, this is going to be a great start for your YouTube channel or little films that you want to make or anything like that. So, keep practicing, keep experimenting and creating and you will quickly level up your lighting game.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrayzYouTube [15 likes]: 3:11 Whoops forgot to colour these clips 😅
  2. @tav93-o1g [3 likes]: Quality videos like this and it’s not a big channel wtf 😭
  3. @smoothiestudiouk [1 likes]: That was explained brilliantly. Great vid, thank you!
  4. @cowboyforchrist [1 likes]: What tripod that?
  5. @Clndtz1: I’m an Australian who moved to America 6 months ago, so refreshing to hear an Aussie accent lol 😂
  6. @C_R_A_N_K_Z: Thank you very much. Short video but much value, perfect balance 💪
  7. @VerdantVanille: thank you so much for making this video! I truly really appreciate the simplicity here. Lighting feels so overwhelming for me, i've watched way too many videos that only brought confusion to my amateur brain. But you made it feel effortless. I'm getting that amaran key light to start experimenting!!
  8. @cute_puppies123: Genuinely thank you so much brother,. I'm from nepal and i really appreciate you make lighting so simple that now I can use it😊😊
  9. @BlurryFaceFilms: Your vids are so good man - great production 🔥
  10. @GodHatesUs7: Hello... awesome video! 🎉
 I have an important question... I can't stand too much high intensity light... but I wanna make cinematic guitar clips like the one you showed... what do you suggest? I thought of using the key light a bit far while wearing sunglasses... with a top notch camera.. would that be enough? I like making live clips so a bit of comfort is required.. thanks mate!
  11. @ialtag_sionnach: Great vid, but... Silent Night as background music? ehwat... murray crustmuss
  12. @michaelaviles3801: dope video man thank you. i am curious about silent night playing in the background though lol
  13. @ThisMichaelBrown: Thanks! Learned a bunch!
  14. @TheClayMason.: Such a good video mate! Im an Aussie youtuber too. Love your shots.
  15. @sorokina13: Thank you!
  16. @lifewithinphotography: nice video brotha! I'm gonna suss it out!
  17. @damnilfx: thanks! greetings from germany :)
  18. @jordan.newsom: Really useful man! Just what I was need for a project I'm working on.
  19. @TheRedSpecialGuitarPodcast: Awesome - thanks for this
  20. @Truevine-l1p: Broo this was so helpful thank you for a simple yet effective and informative video 🔥

- How to Create Captivating Talking Head Videos | 5 Top Tips: Kind: captions Language: en if you record talking head content like this this is a talking head we're gonna give you five tips to take your talking head video and audio quality to the next level from framing composition to lighting and audio we want to make sure you sound your best for talking head video content and while you're here hit that like button and subscribe to the Riverside YouTube channel number one when you're doing talking head video content you want to think about framing the rule of thirds is a great place to start the rule of thirds means you can divide a video frame by three parts horizontally and vertically and from there you can place your subject in different areas of the frame for different effects no matter where you place your subject you want to make sure their eyes are just above that Top Line and they have enough Headroom if you do this that's not enough Headroom and it feels a little cramped and uncomfortable so make sure you have a good amount of Headroom and the eyes are above that line now you can choose to place your subject either dead center like we are now or you can place your subject to the left or the right if you put your subject towards the left or the right you want to make sure that their head is in the intersection of those two lines now if you're doing some kind of call to action or you want to address the viewer directly a straight on top shot like this might be good but if you're doing an interview Style video and maybe a subject is looking off camera then you want to place them on one of those intersections if you have two subjects in the interview you can place one on this side and then place the other subject on the opposite side of the frame so it looks like they're having a conversation if your subject is seated you typically want to shoot above the lap and higher sometimes clothes and different parts can be Unbecoming and so going from about right above lap height and up is the best way to frame the shot also you don't want to frame your shot where it's too much of an up angle so the subject is almost looking down at the viewer you also don't have too much of a high angle because then it looks a little bit like Oliver Twist asking for more for most talking head content you want to make sure the camera is about eye level with your subject number two you need to think about the background composition of the shot what is going to be behind your subject you can do a plain color whether that's black or white depending on what the subject is wearing in their skin tones be mindful about what is the most appropriate for your subject you can also use interesting lighting or colors on something like a lighter color backdrop to make it more interesting day if you're filming with a mirrorless camera or maybe using cinematic mode on your iPhone you could place interesting objects in the background that will be eye-catching but not distracting like a glowing orange orb you might not have seen until right now whatever your background is make sure your subject is the focus that can be clearly seen and there's nothing distracting in the background number three audio is really key for talking head content you really need high quality audio because the majority of the time your viewer is listening to the talking head speak like you've been doing this whole video if you only have microphones that sound good when they're close to your mouth go ahead and put the microphone in the frame a little off-center this way it's not covering the subject's face or anything that would be too distracting and make sure you get the best quality audio a more discrete option would be to use a lapel microphone if there weren't close that allows you to clip the microphone right about here on their chest that'll get you the best audio if you place the lapel mic on the collar it won't sound as good as here on the chest but it will have a drastic improvement over the built-in mics on most cameras and your mobile device for the best sounding audio that's also the most discreet you should be used using a shotgun microphone that's actually what I have right off camera typically you'll want to just add a frame and shotgun microphones are very directional so they'll pick up your subject's voice but not all the other stuff in the room we actually have a whole video covering off camera mic so you can check it out above or the link in the description number four good lighting for talking head videos makes a huge difference to show you an example I'm going to turn off my studio lighting and just use the ceiling fan light above my head as you can see this looks pretty bad probably not something you want to watch for an extended period of time even just adding one key light with a softbox can make all the difference this is actually an amaran 200x with a light Dome 2. we'll put links in the video description but we actually have an entire video about pro lighting setups if you'd like to set up something in their Studio or get some lights to bring with you as you travel check out that video above or the link in the description if you don't have the ability to have large setups or multiple lights even one small LED light with some kind of diffuser will help tremendously so here's my current shot with just lights on my background nothing is on my key light ceiling fan light even just use using this 140 light from small rig rechargeable LED can make all the difference back to the three-point lighting that's better tip number five having a secondary camera angle for talking head video content will make it much more engaging for your viewer now if you don't have a secondary camera you have a couple options one if you're recording in 4k on a mirrorless camera like this you can choose to punch in or zoom in on your subject and that will create a different feel but if you have a mobile device and you're recording your content with Riverside we actually have a secondary camera feature that allows you to use your mobile device record a second angle that's in sync with your camera and then you can edit those angles later in post-production you can use a combination of iPad iPhone and Android devices for multiple angles even up to eight devices for your talking head video content Riverside will record all those video tracks separately and then you can download them from Riverside and put them together as a multi-cam clip in your editor of choice speaking of which we have a whole video on multi-cam editing you can check out the link above or in the video description so those are five ways to make your talking head video content more engaging and usually appealing if you enjoyed this video hit the like button and subscribe to the Riverside Channel we have lots of content on USB microphones building a video podcast setup and a ton more also leave a comment below if you have any questions about your talking head setup or anything at all we'd love to help answer you there thanks for tuning in we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cornerofficelatinas [2 likes]: How do I insert text, and have my video on half the screen, like you did at :20?  Thank you!
  2. @aigulniiazalieva9026 [1 likes]: Tnx kind human being for info 😊
  3. @jacobhill4546 [1 likes]: Exactly the video I needed, thank you
  4. @rbplays_tv [1 likes]: This is super helpful. I have been very confused on how to frame myself for talking head video for my other channel and I have watched lot of videos till now but this one stood out to me, tips are really helpful. Thank you
  5. @Piliponful [1 likes]: one of the most tightly packed and to the point videos I've ever seen, I've subscribed, will watch every video on your channel today and are down to buying a course from you or anything you might sell
  6. @Tabs_journal: Thank you, this is nice.
  7. @chrisdavid3638: Great video, thank you for sharing! I’m specifically looking for different camera set ups for talking Headshots meaning camera placement for a two or three camera set up between two speakers. Do you have any videos on anything like that? Thank you!
  8. @AndrewSannerr: Super helpful!
  9. @JayWerx: Something about having a large mic and stand looks corny to me.
  10. @Growingonestepatatime: What is the right distance from the subject to camera
  11. @katinareneetv: Great info
  12. @jarrodsplace: Great video. Very nicely explained. Thank you
  13. @sogostudio: TQ.
  14. @AngusYoung412: Is it that easy, I thought you couldn't link a 2nd phone up to be a second camera (certainly not Android).
  15. @PrimeCoastHomesFL: Very helpful stuff here!
  16. @vivekmgeorge: can you explain or link to a tutorial with how you put the text on side the screen (with the black ground) and the speaker to moves to the other side of the screen? What is that called even?
  17. @dontbemuted: I have several ladies saying the same thing. I want to have all of them saying it simultaneously on the track, is that as simple as layering them?
  18. @dr.bhargaw: the idea about second camera is good. thanks
  19. @wicomms: How do i put those slides in the video?
  20. @shofps26: thanks

- Build a Killer Talking Head Setup 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Thousands of creators have changed their lives with one simple setup, doing talking head video. Many of the top subscribed channels on YouTube are exactly that, talking head, someone just looking at the camera and speaking. And you don't need a fancy studio to do it. Just a camera, a good light, and a plan. Now, if you like how this video looks with lighting and cameras, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it, how to get that look on a budget, and how to start today if this is all you got, the phone in your pocket. My first recommendation is actually going to be for any setup because talking head video usually takes either reading off a script or having bullet points and you always want to make sure you're staring down the lens of the camera to connect with your audience. Well, the best way to do that is use a teleprompter, which can be complicated if you're trying to figure out an iPad or other ways to do it. So, I highly recommend the Elgato prompter. I did an entire video talking about how to set it up. I'll link it above, but it actually has a built-in display connects to your computer so you can drag over your script or even better the Riverside window so you can record with remote guests and read off the script all while you're looking in the camera. It works both with mobile devices like your iPhone or Android all the way up to mirrorless cameras like from Sony, Lumix, and Canon. Whether you're just starting out or have an advanced setup, getting a teleprompter like this is going to make creating content way faster and easier. Now, step one is what do you use as the camera? Now, if you don't have any budget or maybe just a little bit, I would spend it on lighting and sound before you upgrade your camera because the iPhone in your pocket or Android device is gonna actually look great. Here's actually some footage of me recording directly from my iPhone, which I used to interview the Apple senior vice president. I didn't have my mirrorless Sony camera. I used it with just my phone, so you can do it, too. Now, the one thing I would recommend investing in is a tripod for that mobile device. trying to hold the phone while you're recording. It's going to be shaky and distracting to watch, but just get a simple mount like this. This is a MagSafe one, but you can get inexpensive clips that hold any kind of mobile device, a small tripod like this that goes on your desk, and it's going to go a long way. So, that's about $15 or $20, and you have your camera setup if all you have is your phone. I'll talk about more advanced cameras in a second. Next is lighting, and there are some great options out there for all budget levels. One, I actually really love this LED light from Small Rig. super compact. You can change the intensity and color temperature, and it's only 20 bucks. It's rechargeable via USBC, and you can even string multiple them together for really good lighting. Use natural lighting to your advantage, like coming in from a window and small lights like this, and you can get a great look. There's also some great upgrade picks for lighting, like these newer LED panels. You can also get a soft box, which I'll talk about in a second, but $130 for two lights that go on the stands. And again, this is going to take you a long way. Now, I did an entire video on what a $100 lighting setup versus $1,000 and 28 lighting tips, no matter what you have. You can check out that video up here, and I'll put it in the description. Now, if you want to go pro and get studio lighting, this is the one I use, the Aperture Amaran 200X, and I'm going to give you a behind the scenes of all my setup in a moment. But, let's talk about microphones. Now, when you're doing talking head video, there's a couple methods. You can do an onscreen microphone like this. There's some great USB microphones out there, like the Shore MV7 Plus. Yes, I did a whole video on USB mics. I'll link that above, too. But if you don't prefer the microphone in the shot look, there's some great shotgun mic options. A shotgun microphone looks like this. You would put it on a stand or arm above your head pointed down. This is the Sennheiser MK600. It is a few hundred bucks, but it sounds really good and you can keep it off camera and still have great audio quality. But there are some other inexpensive options when it comes to lapel microphones. These can be discreet, attached via clip or a magnet, and actually sound really good. You can even get combos like the DJI Mic Mini that has two microphones so you can do interviews and these can connect to your phone, the Osmo Pocket 3, or directly to a camera. Again, these sound surprisingly good. But what if you don't have budget for a microphone and you use the built-in mic, maybe on your iPhone or even your laptop? Well, there's a way to make that sound great, too. When you record solo content or with remote guests in Riverside and there's a Riverside app for iPhone, Android, and iPad, so you can record on your mobile device and nothing else. And then once you're done recording, you can edit your content in Riverside. and our AI producer, which has amazing tools like remove pauses and filler words. You can apply magic audio, which will make any microphone sound studio quality. You can even adjust this slider on how much magic audio to apply. That'll remove background noise, echo, and yes, even make that built-in microphone on your mobile device sound studio quality. Now, before I give you a behind the scenes on my entire setup, one other key element is sound treatment. Now, Magic Audio and AI tools can remove reverb and echo, but if you have the budget to add sound panels to your room, that's going to make your audio sound even better. It really helps to focus on your voice and cut out distractions like that reverbby or echoey sound. And sound paneling can be fun because what's right behind me are actually sound panels. These are from Geek Acoustics. You can get various patterns and colors, and these do a great job of making your studio sound great, but also looking really cool. All right, but now, let me give you a behind the scenes of my setup if you want to create talking head videos that look like this. Step one, my camera is the Sony A74 mirrorless camera with a Sigma 35mm F1.4 lens. That f1.4 means you can get that nice bokeh effect. So, even though this room is kind of small, it's only 9 ft deep, you can still blur the background because I keep my lighting dim and that aperture open, meaning the f-stop number is very low. Another key element to a good talking head setup is a preview monitor. If you can have your camera previewed large on a screen next to you, it's going to help you make sure you look good, everything in the camera shot looks good, and help cut down on editing time because you'll notice any distractions in that preview monitor. Now, that camera and preview monitor is being powered by the Blackmagic A10 Mini Pro. That's that video switcher right there. But there's some great options like the Roadcaster Video, which I did a video about recently. I'll link that above and in the description as well. Now, when it comes to audio, I'm using the Roadcaster Pro 2. This might be actually a little overkill for my setup, but you can get the Roadcaster Duo or even interfaces like the Voccaster Solo and still get great sound from your microphones. Now, going into that Roadcaster Pro 2 is my shotgun microphone on this arm. This is the Sennheiser MKH 416. It is a professional microphone, and it is priced professionally. It's about $1,000, but it's the last microphone you'll ever need to buy. I also highly recommend putting it on a mic arm like this because then I can move it around, get it out of the way when I'm not recording, and quickly place it with no fuss. Now, I also have a secondary camera. You'll see that's the top down shot, which you've been watching throughout this video. That's a Sony a6400 with a Sigma 24 to 70 lens, so I can zoom in. That camera is also going into the Blackmagic ATM Mini Pro, and you can see I'm previewing that there. Again, really helps cut down the editing when I know the camera shot is good to go. Now, one other microphone I have is the Earthworks Ethos. This is what I use when I'm actually podcasting. Love the sound of this. That's also going into the Roadcaster Pro 2. Then for lighting, I have my Amaran 200X that I showed you before with the Light Dome 3 softbox. Having a great softbox is key to that soft, even lighting to prevent shadows and just has a flattering look. You'll see my entire back wall here has sound panels. I covered everything to cut down on all the reverb and echo. That's actually a sound panel to the right as well. And then I have two other lights. These are Elgato Keyite Airs. That's my fill light and my hair light behind me. Now, you'll see my gig acoustic panels back there, but there's also some colorful lighting. That's from Philips Huegh. Things on the shelf are producing light. And this is a Philips Huegh signed lamp that's on the floor. And that's actually shining most of the light that's on the back wall, you see. And that's basically how I produce all my videos. This camera with the top down, the Sennheiser microphone, Amaran 200X light, and then I talk at the camera. When I need to read off a script or a teleprompter, I'll use the Elgato prompter. And then when I want to record something like my podcast, I use Riverside. Riverside is incredible, not only for remote guests, but also solo content. And then you don't have to worry about importing footage or taking up space on your computer. Plus, you get access to all the Riverside AI editing tools like those remove silences, filler words, and you can even add video B-roll, image overlays, background music, and more all within the Riverside editor. Search for royalty-free clips, and then export in 4K video. And that's how to build a killer talking headset up in 2025 for all budget levels. Links to all the gear that I talked about is down in the description. And let me know if you have any questions the comments below. I answer those personally. And don't forget to subscribe to the Riverside channel and hit that like button. Lots of videos on monetizing your podcast, how to get to 100K videos on YouTube, and how I did it as a solo creator, which if you want to watch that video, I'll link it right here. And YouTube thinks you'll really enjoy this video. Thanks for watching. I'll catch you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rootnoteco [9 likes]: It's always so fun to me to know that, in most cases, everything juuuust out of frame is usually a mess. That's why I love behind the scenes stuff on movies. There's a whole village of people and stuff just outside the frame. It can be the same for talking head setups!
  2. @MoementumFinance [5 likes]: Great tips for content creators! 👏 Wishing everyone success here on YouTube. 😎🤛🥂
  3. @crowngraphics [4 likes]: He said a little Overkill......likeeeeeee how is it a little..

Great Content btw
  4. @ReallyThatGuy8 [4 likes]: such a great vid. thanks for including the prices at the time of recording that helps a ton
  5. @helmi_hasan [3 likes]: This is an insane gear list, not approachable for beginners. But I appreciate you sharing your pro setup
  6. @thedeviousco [2 likes]: Thank you so much for all the info - picked up some great info for setting up my own space! 😀
  7. @skitzaart [1 likes]: I waited for the budget part till the end 😄
  8. @erichamidi: I place my lights so that they're between a 20 and 45 degree angle. What height would you recommend to avoid a shadow under my chin and glares either on my teeth or computer screen behind me? How many feet would you recommend they be away from me?
  9. @sunilarkt: Budget alternative for all of the above - 

1. Ulanzi Teleprompter 
2. ZVE10 Mark2 (or used mark1) camera with kit lens. 
3. Samson Q2u mic
4. Basic light based softbox of amazon
5. Baton led tubelights for background lights. 
6. Maono mixer for audio interface
  10. @gabrielromero36: All I have is my phone and it’s flash light 😅 and a One 💵 dollar  in my wallet   ☕️ 😌
  11. @DidacticEditions: What a bullshit commercial
  12. @speakercarroll: I'm a riverside subscriber and love to see a video on how all the components are connected.
  13. @iXzenoS: Hey, can you tell me how far away the camera is from where you sit in the video? Trying to decide what focal length would be best for my setup, but I'm worried if 35mm full frame will be too close to my face or if I should go with a 24mm full frame instead.
  14. @mns2trilltv: is reverside free
  15. @allscaletrek: Is there a good camera for newbies that looks as great as yours with just plug and play or do you have to set it up right with the settings to get good results (if messing with the set up is required could you share your camera settings)? For example many say Sony ZV E10 is a safe bet but many newbies say it looks horrible.
  16. @dj-opie: How do you not get blue reflections on your glasses?
  17. @MarcoCastro: Hi there! Great video and thank you for putting it together. As a new riverside customer, I am looking to use riverside for all my content moving forward. That said, like you I too plan on having a secondary camera with my ATEM mini pro. But My understanding is that the ATEM mini pro only supports 1080. Yet this YouTube video is 4k. My question is; Are you upscaling the video in RiverSide? If not, what process are you taking your video through to get it to 4k? Thank you!
  18. @reflection-app: great video and tips! as someone who also wears glasses how do you set up your lighting to prevent there from being a glare on your eyeglasses from the lighting?
  19. @yacquub111: Your skp rbt light aa yuu using
  20. @algirhythm: Is there any special software required to flip / mirror the video output to the teleprompter? I bought a bigger screen and teleprompter box, but the text / image reads in reverse. I couldn't find any options in Mac OS Display settings to do this.

- How to Film Talking Head Videos That People *Actually* Watch | TALKING HEAD 101: Kind: captions Language: en I feel like talking head videos get such a bad rep, but with the right setup and strategies, they can be one of the most effective types of video content to create to help humanize your brand, connect more with your audience, and position yourself as a thought leader. So, in part two of the video 101 series, you are going to learn everything you need to know about creating talking videos, whether it's for short form or long form. The first thing is your camera setup. There's really two ways that you can film with your camera when doing talking videos. You could either have it somewhere stable where you're wanting to use a tripod or a phone stand so the frame is consistent for the entire video or maybe you're changing up your angles between each take. Or you can really get dynamic and add in visual hook elements to how you're filming your talking content. So maybe you're using your back camera on 0.5 while you're walking and talking. Maybe you're doing it in selfie mode where you're like literally putting your phone down and having that visual cue. Or maybe you're using like a human tripod and walking and talking with someone. If you're saying the right thing in your talking videos, you really don't need to have a visual hook, but it definitely can be a nice added element to your video. It's why things like get ready with mess or those more casual facetiming style talking videos do so well because they draw you in visually in addition to what you're actually saying in your content. Lighting really matters with talking content. So, you want to make sure that the light is on you, the subject, not coming from behind you. Being back lit is truly the best way to make your talking head content absolutely look like crap. When it comes to the audio of your talking head videos, you definitely want to make sure that people can actually hear you and the audio levels aren't super low. You also don't want them super blown out where like your P's and your S's are super pronounced and strong. You also don't want them super blown out where like your P's and your S's are super pronounced and strong. And for the most part, you can achieve all of that in a regular space that's furnished, not too big, not too echoey, and you're close enough to your camera, whether that's your phone or you're using an actual camera. But mics are a really great way to elevate your talking head videos. And I personally love wireless lavalier style mics. They can be as tiny as this where you really can barely notice them. This is my DJI mini mics, which I love cuz they're small and very cute, but really easy to clip or use the magnet on wherever you're wanting to film. These are some other lav mics that I really like. The one by Rode. I love that these come in colors or just the regular DJI mic that comes with the Osmo Pocket 3 creator kit. And yes, you can use all of these with an iPhone. It's so funny. People are always like, "Why do people hold these when they're meant to be clipped?" And sometimes that can actually act as a visual hook where it's kind of drawing people in to you holding the camera really casually. Also, logistically, sometimes depending on what you're wearing, it just doesn't make sense to actually clip your mic on. And honestly, I find that a lot of people sometimes like to hold mics cuz it could just be very grounding if you're kind of like getting through some jitters and nerves of talking on camera. So, it kind of just depends on like the outfit or the vibe that you're going for in your content. And the final part of your camera setup is teleprompterss. And I have used teleprompterss in a more like professional type of setting. And honestly, I kind of hate them. And if we're being honest, you have to have some level of like training and teleprompter skills to really make it where you can't even tell you're using a teleprompter, but also where it makes filming a lot easier. How I personally like to operate when it comes to talking head videos, whether they're 15 minutes like this video or if they're literally a minute long, is I like to script word for word my introduction and any other really important parts like maybe the outro or any ads or calls to action. This really makes sure that I'm nailing the most important parts of the video. But other than that, I like to go off vibes and have like bullet points of what I like to say. This is because I trust myself as an educator, as a thought leader, and as an expert. And I know that if I know the topic and the overall direction I want to go for a video, I can reference that and really just go with the flow, which makes it so much more natural. You see my personality through how I'm talking, and that's honestly where the gems come from creating great content. So, when it comes to outlining your content, essentially I like to script out those main parts, outline those bullet points, and then I essentially have that off to the side so I'm able to reference it while I'm recording. And simply just writing it out, whether it's in your brain or in a notes app or in your content calendar, really can help you already know what you need to say. Like even as I'm recording right now, I like already set a bunch of my outline just because like I know my topic so well. And when in doubt, don't be so hard on yourself on having to get your content perfect to your script, to your outline. I just like to, like I said, go off the vibes, go with the flow, and know that you can always edit things out when you're actually editing and finalizing your talking content. Especially if maybe you're using an editing tool like the script where you can edit in that textbased doc, it's really easy to see those pauses. It's really easy to see those double takes are those lines you absolutely know you want to remove. And we do this all the time for our monthly clients when they send over talking videos. Not only are we callulling out what we just don't deem necessary to be in the video, we often are sometimes rearranging things when we find that sometimes the hook actually is a lot stronger later on in the video. So don't be afraid to have fun with editing and trust yourself when you're actually talking to camera. So, now that we've gone over your camera setup and how to prep what you actually want to say in your talking content, I want to talk about a really important element that I feel like people sleep on. And that is the framing of your talking videos. You want to make sure that when you're framing your videos that they're wide enough that you can actually do the edits that are going to make the video do well. So, this is adding closed captions, adding text overlay for callouts and main points, or even if you're wanting to add in some edits, which we'll talk about later on in this series, like maybe a jump cut or a slow zoom. You want to make sure you're not cutting off your head and that your shoulders aren't cut off in the frame. So, when in doubt, go wider than closer, cuz you can always bring things in. You cannot bring things out. And this definitely applies if you're creating long form content and you're wanting to pull that for short form vertical clips. Make sure your content is wide enough so the whole entire promo clip is not your head. That is not it just is not a vibe. So kind of my rule of thumb is for it to be chest up and leaving a little bit of space and room at the top of your head. That usually is like the perfect amount of framing knowing that you can always play around with being far back and like far from the camera. You can also play around with visual hooks. It can be sitting down while you're talking or starting farther away and walking towards the camera. But this is definitely a common mistake that I see that luckily is super easy to fix. Something else you can play around with when it comes to how you're recording your talking head content is you can totally do it to camera. But a format that we really love to use when we're shooting content with our clients is actually doing more like of an interview side angle um where you're not actually looking at the camera. It can kind of give that authority like speaker podcaster vibe which can be really effective. It's also really nice if you're creating content in a more interview style. So maybe instead of scripting your hook and outlining your main points, you could literally just prompt yourself with questions. So what are the questions your clients or your audience are asking you and literally just start your video based on that? It can be a really great way to get more natural talking content, especially if you find that when you look at the camera and start going, like everything just leaves your brain, which like honestly so relatable. You're not alone there. But an interview angle and even an interview approach to how you do your talking content can be a really fun way to like kind of disrupt the norm of what people expect for talking heads, but also can make it easier to record. And if you're wanting to do that interview angle and you're a little unsure of like where do I look, just set your eyes on a specific point that you can keep your eyes on. So I have like my little light around here. So if I went into an interview angle, I would essentially just like look at that light and just essentially talk to it. Even when I'm sometimes shooting with clients, I often have them look at me. So, it can be a great way for them to actually feel like they're talking to a person. Same. [Music] Now, when it comes to actually pressing record and filming, there's really two approaches you can pick. And I honestly sometimes do both, but it kind of depends on the situation. You can either film your content in one go, or you can film your content in multiple clips. At the end of the day, this honestly comes down to preference. But for me, when I'm doing long form content, like for my YouTube and video podcast, I always film in one long clip. The only exception is if I am changing where I'm recording throughout my video just to create some like pattern interruption and like visual interest. But sometimes I do this with my talking videos that are short form and vertical because I can essentially just like talk in that one long clip and then whenever I pause or make a mistake I can easily just split and cut those things out which I find a little bit easier than like pasting a bunch of clips together. But where filming multiple clips can be really helpful is if you are filming in different locations for your talking video or if you just find that you like to film each section of your video in little chunks. So maybe you want to do your intro and then you want to do your main point and then you want to do your outro. It can kind of be helpful for not only the editing process, but sometimes for you like pausing and then continuing on. There's really no wrong way. Just pick what feels best for the video you're creating. So now you're pressing record. You're ready to go. Here are some tips you absolutely need to know that are going to make you look more confident on camera. The first is to actually smile before you record. And it might feel super weird. I'm like now just in practice of doing this. It really just helps you heighten your energy when you're recording your content. So, I like to pause before saying another line or saying more things and then I'll naturally just smile before I start talking. Especially if you feel like you have a resting face, which I do. So, makes you just come across a lot more friendly. Brings the energy. One thing that will make recording your talking head video so much easier is pausing. Whenever I have a mistake or a slip up, I just pause and take a second. Not only does this make it a lot easier to edit, so you're not editing words that are like already rumpled on each other, but it also prevents you from doing the thing that we've all been guilty of doing of like, "Oh my gosh, oh, I can't believe I said that. Oh, I made a mistake." Like, why are we critiquing ourselves while we're recording our content? That brings the energy down. You get in your head. You're a lot more likely to have a million and 10 more takes. So, just like I just did, pause, take a breath, do the little smile, and keep going. Any last thing, and this is just like a personal pet peeve. I had to put a rant in here, but look at the camera. Do not look at the preview of yourself. So, if you're recording in selfie mode on your phone or if you're like recording on something like the DJI, which is really nice cuz you can like see yourself, do not look at yourself. Look at the camera. It's really easy to get in the habit of doing, but you can totally tell when someone is not having eye contact with the camera. your content just doesn't hit like it just doesn't hit the same. And that is everything you need to know about talking head videos. So, really nailing your camera setup when it comes to lighting, mics, being intentional with how you're outlining and scripting your content, getting the right framing down, and using those tips that I shared for really helping you feel more confident on camera. Just like any video skill, the more and more you do it, you're going to get so much better at it. So whether you're doing more speaking, maybe maybe you're doing more coaching, more educating, maybe you're even doing like a podcast or something like that. Think of ways that you can constantly be improving your talking skills, even if it just means picking up your camera and recording more talking content. I would love to know which of these tips you're excited to use in your own content strategy. And if you haven't already, watch part one of this 101 series where we talked all about B-roll. I can't wait to see you in the next episode, which is all about editing your B-roll videos and talking head videos. I'll see you in the next episode. I loved that video was so fun.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ttyrtube [4 likes]: Love this video - so well-explained and well-produced! Immediately subscribed.
  2. @TheZestyYapper [1 likes]: This helps so much! I did a raw video as an exercise and I loved how comfortable I was until it was time to do the actual structured video. I sounded so robotic. 

Do you have videos on how and when to do visual hooks? I noticed some basic zoom ins and zoom outs throughout this video. Really keeps my attention.

Edit: just got to 6:12 and you answered my question 😂
  3. @KnottyAutisticGranny [1 likes]: The vocal fry, though. :face-purple-crying: But I love the content.
  4. @maknien [1 likes]: Amazing energy! Love both the tips and the style!
  5. @louisville_high: I'm working on that camera confidence! idk why it really is like my brain goes blank lol, but like all things just have to jump in there and keep at it.
  6. @softlifehealth: Whats the difference between looking at the camera and revirding the interview style of the side view
  7. @softlifehealth: Should i put my phone in a vertical or horizontal when filming
  8. @softlifehealth: Can i use descript on a laptop
  9. @dhathaway: This is so perfect! Thank you!  I'm a subject matter expert, and I love making content that educates. When I'm doing those videos, I know the points I want to cover, but can talk (way too long) extemporaneously about my subjects. I find that just is so much more compelling and sincere than reading a script.
  10. @Iamyvettestrickland: Is your backround fake or real?
  11. @tulthapamagar.: Thank u
  12. @waltswarehouse: Some very helpful stuff here for me, thank you very much!
  13. @ashoreoriame3661: Thank you
  14. @christinedunning8463: Thanks, this was really helpful!  Lighting is always really tough for me, so I especially appreciate that.  And I'm going to try using a visual hook!
  15. @Janediariesandlifestyle: Thank you
  16. @JohnJames-Manifest: Awesome information
  17. @two_feral_gardeners: So helpful! I love the tip about smiling before you start to record. My partner often comments that I sound a bit under the weather when I speak to camera. My tip for looking at the camera lens is to stick a small post it note next to the lens, so I can focus on that without randomly looking around to see where I should be looking.😅
  18. @chronicallyplanned: This was a great video thank you for sharing
  19. @Sineadshineslight: Thank you this was really helpful. Do you have a video on how you can have timestamps created automatically? I did it in an earlier video and can’t remember how I did it! I’ve learnt so much over my YT journey but equally have forgotten so much too! 🤣
  20. @InsideOutWithCourtnaye: So good!

- 5 Tips for Leveling up your Talking Head Shots!: Kind: captions Language: en So today we're going to be talking about building a talking head hedgehog kind of like the one that you see right here. Um uh this is something that's just really important for every person who's doing videography photography to be able to do because you'd be amazed at the amount of times that you actually will end up doing something like this. Whether it's for interviews, uh storytelling, documentary style work, um even sometimes weddings, depending on how you film weddings, you might want to do like little interview style things. A lot of church work you need stuff like this, podcasts, any sort of YouTube content. Building a nice talking headsh shot is like videography 101 for my for my opinion. I mean, that's not necessarily true, but it's just something that I find that I use all the time. So, today we're going to talk about how you can build this. I got five tips for you of how you can upgrade your videos and upgrade your talking head shot to make them look nice and crisp and sound lovely. Now, first up, let's talk about your audio. Audio is going to be one of the most important things when it comes to getting this setup looking good. And the most important thing in my opinion is not just having a good microphone, but getting your microphone close to your subject. Now, right now, the microphone that I'm using, which is a Sennheiser MKH416, is just one foot away from my mouth. Uh, and we'll talk about that in a second, but let me just show you real quick what that would sound like if I put the microphone on top of my camera. Cuz I've seen a lot of people doing this is they'll use a camera and they'll have it set up and they'll put the microphone on top of the camera, but the camera is like six feet away and they're wondering why their audio doesn't sound any good. Well, let's go ahead and we'll put this really nice $1,000 microphone on top of the camera. And now you're listening to the same audio, the same microphone, the same setup. Nothing's changed, except that the microphone is far away. And as you can tell, it sounds so much worse. Um, because the the quality of your audio really does drastically change the closer you can get the microphone to your subject. Now, obviously, you can get it too close and it'll sound crazy, but if you can get it within a foot uh or 2 ft, it really makes a massive difference. But yes, I hope you agree this doesn't sound anywhere near as good. So, if you can get your microphone nice and close to your subject, cuz when it's far away, it sounds bad. And I'm not going to bother your ears with the way that this sounds any longer. All right. And now it is back to being nice and close and sounding great. Now, if you are filming something and you actually cannot get your microphone as close as you want to your subject, maybe your frame is quite large, well, you can do what I'm actually doing in this shot and get your microphone super close in the frame and just paint it out. So, for example, the microphone is right here. I'll show you. It's just sitting here right now. Uh, and it is in the frame. What I did is before I hit record, I moved the microphone out of the way and I got a clean plate of the image. All I then did was took a still of that, I masked a little section and I planted it back on top, covering up this microphone with a nice clean plate, which as you can see, if I lift my hand up, my hand will disappear. So, that's just something that I had to be aware of. But, it is something you can do. It's relatively easy to do. So, if you can't get your microphone just outside of the frame, you can't get it close enough, you could either go for a lavalier mic or a little wireless mic, that's totally fine, and they work pretty good. But if you really have a specific microphone style that you're wanting to get, then you can actually just hide it in your frame and paint it out. A really nice little trick. I can't remember that. If I if I can find the video that I saw the guy doing this, I will link that down below. But um it it is a cool little trick. So yes, microphone in the frame. Sounds really good. Gets it really nice and close to my face uh so that I can get a nice clean sound to it without you even being able to see it. I think it's great. Fun little trick. Let's talk about lighting. Um, lighting is really important and I think most people have a basic understanding of lighting to know, hey, you need a key light, right? And that's very true. At the moment, I'm using a giant reflector umbrella. It's a 72in reflector. I've got a whole video about this thing and I think it's fantastic. Um, really large, big soft light spilling onto me. Gives me a nice key light. But there's way more than that going on in this image. So, let me real quick go and I'm I'm going to turn off all of my other studio lights that I'm using in this room. So, you might not really think about it right now, but I'm using six lights just to make this shot right now. So, let me go ahead and turn those off. Now, obviously, as I turn these lights out, I'm going to have to bring my my little hidden microphone uh back into the frame here just because it's going to change the lighting and I can't use that. So, ignore the fact that there's going to be a microphone in the frame for this next little section. And this is kind of what you're left with. Not quite cuz I left I left these three on this shelf on because they're kind of wired in and a real pain to turn off. But uh so if you were to turn these lights off, that would add a little bit more as well. All this is is the key light. That's it. Right. So now this doesn't look bad necessarily. So other than these three little sort of lights over here that you can see, um there are three other main lights that I've been using to sort of add something to the space. First off is a small rig flashlight. It's a 10 watt flashlight that you can add a snoot onto the front or it's not really a snoot, but kind of like little goooos to add some something interesting into the background. So, I'll go ahead and turn that one on. So, I have that one set to shine a blue light. It's just a line, big old line across the wall behind me across those photos. And it doesn't really act as a leading line. It's kind of like a leading line, but it just adds a something a little bit of interest into the shot. Again, I've got I like to lean into a teal and orange kind of style, which we're going to talk about a little bit more later, but got orang-ish lights over here and nice blue sort of colors over here matching with my yellow couch. All that kind of stuff. Tying those all in. Looks pretty good. Second is my hair light. So, if if you know about key lights, you probably know about hair lights, but uh a little light uh this is just a GVM panel. Nothing exciting. Dirt cheap uh little light. Uh, and it is hung up right above my head behind me here and it is shining light onto the back of my head giving me like an outline around me. So, I'll go ahead and turn that one on. And that is what that one looks like. So, it's just added a little bit of light wrap around my shoulder here and a little bit on this side of my face. Again, contrasting with my key light kind of coming in from two opposite directions. Um, so that's just a really nice little thing to do. I think it just adds something. And then the last light that I had that I actually can, it's not going to make a massive difference, but I have another one of these LED panels actually behind the camera, just hitting the wall, the white wall behind the camera. And that just adds a little bit of fill of light to the rest of the room. So, we'll go ahead and turn that on and see if you can see a difference. And that's what that looks like. Just a little bit of difference. It just raises the level a tiny little bit on the shadow side of my face. Um, just something interesting. So, the reason I'm telling you all this is just to think about lighting, right? Don't just think of a key light, right? You need more than one light. Um, and that's why I really tried to tell people to invest less in your camera and invest more in lighting and lenses and all the other stuff that you're going to need because it really does make a massive difference. Again, going back to having just the key light compared to all of this. I think it just looks a whole lot better. Third, let's talk about layers, right? So, any any shot that you're trying to make is going to have multiple layers to it. You got a foreground, midground, and background. But first off, let's talk about background. Um, as you can kind of see behind me here, one thing that's really important, I think, to to think about is color, uh, and and style of background. I like to film into a corner of a room because I think it just makes quite a big difference. Um, if you if you film into just like a flat white wall, it just looks a little bit dull and a little bit boring. But if you film into the corner, you can get a lot of stuff going on. So, even adding specific colors into your background that sort of complement your whole shot is nice. Now, over behind me here, you can see we've got like wood, sort of orang-ish colors, some more orange lights on this on this shelf over here, and all of my, you know, bits and bobs of cameras as long as as well as a painting, a guitar, stuff like that. Just a little stuff in the background to add a little bit of interest, but we've got orange on one side, and then on this side over here, we have yellowsish and sort of teals. I like to lean into that teal and orange color space. I think teal and orange is just a nice one to go for. I find it it works well for a lot of stuff that I do. adding this sort of blue light here that I talked about earlier, just adding a little bit of interest in color to your shot that isn't like crazy. Now, if I was to fill the background with like a bright pink light, that would be a completely different looking image. Um, so not to say that it would be a bad image, it's just different. So, you got to think about how you're working your colors in your space. Secondly, one thing I actually really like to do is to not put my subject or like the person talking in the foreground. I actually like to put the person in the middle in the in the in the midground of the shot because then you can add a little bit of interest. So, let's talk about foreground real quick. As you can see in the corner of this shot right here, there's actually some like sort of out of focus stuff. I don't know if you can tell what it is. I just grabbed a plant. Uh this is literally just a plant that I got on Amazon for like no money. And all I did is I placed it in the foreground slightly in the frame. And as you can see, it's kind of it's wobbling a little bit. But that little bit of interest over on the what is that? Left. Right. I it's reversed. Um that little bit of interest on the left hand side of the frame just adds something just something kind of nice that separates me a little bit from from the foreground and it and it puts me in a certain spot in the shot that just gives me a little bit of differentiation. I don't know if that makes sense, but adding a little bit of foreground elements is a really nice little touch um when layering your image. Next, let's talk about lens choice. Now, I'm not going to tell you you have to use this type of lens or that type of lens. I would just recommend that you think about what type of lens to use. Depending on what it is that you're filming, you're going to want to consider using slightly different style of lenses. For this kind of style of talking head shot where you get kind of half half the body uh a little bit far away from the camera and a nice sort of compressed image. I like to go for a 35 to 50 mm. So, right now you're watching me on a 35 mil f1.4 and you're about 5t away from me and I think it looks really nice. And this might seem contradictory because if you are the type of videographer who has learned everything that you know about videography off of YouTube, which is the way that I was, right? So I I learned on YouTube University Peter McKinnons, Makapoyas, Mark Bones, all those kind of things when talking about cameras. And a lot of a lot of the time when they talk about the kind of gear that they use to make their videos, which they do talking head shot, they're talking about ultra wide lenses. There is a good time and a place to use an ultra wide lens, but it's not always. So, for example, in this shot, I really like a 35 mm. It compresses the background a little bit. It brings me a little bit closer, is a little bit more intimate than what the typical YouTuber tends to focus on, which is like a 16 mil. Now, to demonstrate that, I will go ahead and I will stick a 16 mm lens on this camera just and I'll move the camera a lot closer to show you the extreme difference of what that might look like. And now you're on an 11 mm on an APS-C sensor. So, you know, super wide. Uh, it looks kind of crazy, right? very very very different kind of shot to what you were seeing before. Uh so this obviously looks completely different and I think it looks terrible because for this space for this shot it just doesn't work whereas the 35 mm did work. So what I'm trying to say is you need to just pick the lens for your space and for your shot not just using lenses that you see other people using because you're not in their space. You're not in their room and you're not filming what they're filming. You're filming something different. You wouldn't use an 11 mm lens for portraits on a wedding. you'd probably use something more like an 85. But at the same time, if you're filming, if you're filming real estate, you're not going to be using an 85 millimeter. You're going to be using an 11. What I'm trying to say is pick the lens for your shot. Not just pick the lens because you like that lens or you like a certain influencer that uses that lens. Different lenses are for different scenarios. There are times where 11 mm is very beneficial for YouTube videos, like this video that you're seeing. Um, I liked having the whole studio in the shot and I was filming and talking about a big product, so I needed a lot more space. But for a video like this, it's just too wide and it feels all like it's stretched and weird and I don't like it. So, pick the right lens for the right kind of shot. Lastly, one really nice tip that I really like to use is to use the shadow side of the face. That might sound strange. Um, but if you haven't sort of noticed whenever you're watching films, um, it is very rare for a a film to have the the light side of the face facing the camera. They they do it sometimes, but it's used to sort of portray certain different emotions at times, but most of the time you'll find that a lot of movies and a lot of films will have the shadow side of the face facing the camera. So, right now it's a little bit different because I'm I'm kind of facing the camera right here. Um, but the I've I've intentionally faced my chair this way a little bit so that the shadow side of my face faces you just that touch more. Now, this is extra important if you're using a second angle, right? So, as you can kind of see in my second angle here, having that shadow side of the face um facing the camera just adds a little bit of interest and a little bit of something different to the shot. And I I just think I I personally think it's quite nice. Now, if I turn my chair the other way, hopefully you'll be able to see a little bit of a difference as to what that would look like. Now, I've just turned my chair a little bit so the light side of my face is actually facing the camera. Um, and I just find this isn't quite as pleasing. I just don't think it looks as good. Uh, again, that's me personally, but there there may be times where you want the light side of the face facing the camera, but what I'm trying to say is not necessarily this. This is a have to rule, but it's something to think about. Um, especially when it comes to a second angle. Um, I think it just adds something a little bit interesting. But anyway, that is what I have for you today. Uh, if you've enjoyed this kind of video, if this type of thing is helpful to you and you prefer more educational style stuff, let me know in the comments down below. But if you prefer more just talking about gear and like talking about cool stuff, let me know that, too, because I want to make content that is right for you. So, you let me know what you think in the comments down below. Um, if you're a regular viewer of this channel, thank you for watching. Um, videos have been a little slower lately just because life is changing. A couple of videos about that coming out here pretty soon, but a lot of exciting stuff going on. Hopefully in the next couple of months, there are going to be tons more videos coming uh on a weekly basis. So, subscribe if you want to see that because I got a couple of cool announcements that I'm really excited to get into. And I just want to thank you all for watching. If you've enjoyed the video, hit the like button, drop a comment down below, or maybe even subscribe as we continue to build this channel. I appreciate all of you for doing so and I hope that you have a wonderful day. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @LJLeeTV [2 likes]: quite frankly audio, lighting, camera are accessible these days. 
but nobody really talks about set design and color pallet. 
i think it was becky and chris who actually covered them in depth. 
Would be nice if you could share your process on that!
  2. @YoshMusik [1 likes]: Amazing video, thank you!! Love the educational stuff
  3. @sibertiger17 [1 likes]: Hey from Calgary Canada. Don't you dare steer away from this. This is EXACTLY the type of teaching,  and informative style no one else really does. There's uncountable gear heads in here and it's all the same. They're all trying to get more free gear and not really giving honest information. 

I love this new look with you sitting in the room. It gives an interview feel to it, like us the viewers are asking the questions and you're responding. Love it. The only thing I don't like is the plant in the foreground.  It looks like something is smudged on the screen and it's distracting! Lol

I'd love to see you do this similar explanation for smaller spaces. My studio office is only 8'x10' amd is very cramped. My theater room that I've done a few in is bigger but just a square about 10x12. So would love to see you shrink this down for smaller spaces
  4. @duacky [1 likes]: Great stuff like always! Keep up the good work man.
  5. @Schoenergesehen: Thanx, very inspiring hints and tips! I saw the masking tip here over at Harv: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MkzOsXULeI
  6. @Mac_Choudhry: Nice video man. Loads of great info here. 👍🏽
  7. @daryldescallar5795: Thanks Thomas. You gave me a ton of knowledge here.
  8. @pastorbrianmachache6411: Can I use a 35mm lens in a 3 meters by 3 meters room?
  9. @pastorbrianmachache6411: Thank you so much for this, I learnt a lot here.
  10. @jarrodsplace: Great video.. This all makes sense the way you've explained. Has helped demystify lighting..
  11. @huseyin_dik: a fantastic and simplified explanation of some basic staff, thank you.
  12. @aakash.s2667: Very insightful. Thank you so much
  13. @Zulushi: This was super helpful
  14. @Aleksey_Bibikov: Очень примерно с микрофоном)
  15. @joknightfilms: Tattoo tour for next video
  16. @PaulFeinberg: Love the idea of shooting into the shadow side of face. Good video.
  17. @RicoManila: This is sssoooooooo smooth brother! I love it, though I must admit you are a good looking man Bro ahaha! (but thanks for this video.) much love from the other side of the earth!
  18. @JakeOski: Awesome video with impeccable timing - got couple of projects end of next week that got me thinking of different setup :)
  19. @shoottochange: Great video, and great timing. I'm just in the process of converting a new office space I'm leasing into a YouTube studio and I am in the early process of trying to set up the space optimally for my main talking head shot. Love the idea of the mic masking!
  20. @ReflexGuy217: Nice content Thomas. Thanks for sharing. I would love to see some content about how to shoot cinematic on a rigged camera.

- How to Look Your BEST on Camera: PRO Talking Head Video Setup Basics: Kind: captions Language: en We're going to talk about how you can look your best on camera. Because if you want to create videos that grab attention, that captivate people, and keep people engaged and watching, you need to look your best. This is especially important for people seeing your video for the first time. It's kind of like meeting someone in person. You want to give them a good first impression, right? Now, this doesn't mean you need to look like a movie star or have perfect facial features. It's not about being attractive. It's about making sure that your videos are clear, easy to watch, and somewhat professional. If your video is too blurry, or it's hard to see your face clearly, and it's too shaky, or it's too amateur, or it's just simply too distracting, people are going to tune out and they're going to swipe away. That's why in this lesson, my goal is to help you set up your camera to make sure that you look as good as possible. I'm going to teach you simple techniques that anyone can use. And don't worry, we're not going to go too deep on the technical or complicated aspects of film making or videography. We're just going to keep it simple. You don't need any fancy equipment or a professional studio. You can just use your smartphone or any camera that you already have. I'm going to walk you through the key things that you need to think about when setting up your shot. The first one is framing. how to aim your camera and position yourself so you look balanced and natural. Next is lighting. How to make sure that your face is well lit and it's easy to see. Then we're going to talk about the foreground, which is you. You're the foreground. And last but not least, we're going to talk about the background, meaning what's behind you and how to keep it from being too distracting. By the end of this, you'll know exactly how to set up your camera and create videos that look polished, engaging, and professional. So, let's dive right into it. Before we get started, here's a quick pro tip. If you want to get the best out of your smartphone camera or DSLR camera, you need to make sure that your lens is clean. The reason why most people have bad videos is because they don't clean their lenses. So, make sure that your lenses are clean before you even start recording. All right, first things first. Let's get one thing straight here. There's no such thing as the perfect shot. Instead, think of it as guidelines of what's acceptable and visually appealing. Your goal is to compose or create a shot that is natural, engaging, and kind of fits your content. Okay, so let's start with framing. How you frame your shot, meaning how you position your camera and how you position yourself in front of the camera, can make or break your video. The first tip I have is that you need to frame yourself depending on the platform you're posting for. Each social media platform has a different aspect ratio or dimension that you need to post for. For example, Tik Tok, Instagram reels, Facebook reels, YouTube shorts, all of those types of videos are more vertical or they have a 9x6 aspect ratio. While long- form YouTube videos, for example, have more of a landscape or horizontal ratio. Each platform also has a different type of setup in terms of their layout. Like for example, where the like button goes, where the comment button goes, or how far the captions go on the screen. And how you position your face and your camera kind of matters depending on the platform. To make it easy for you guys, I've created a social media video crop guide to make sure that your content aligns perfectly with the platform that you're posting for. This is going to make things a little bit easier in terms of framing your shot. Besides framing your shot for the specific social media platform you're posting on, the number one thing I need you to remember while framing your shot is this. Your shot, your end result, whatever you compose needs to appear natural. It needs to feel natural like how it looks when you're having a face-to-face normal conversation with someone. It needs to kind of replicate or match how it looks when you're having a conversation with someone. After all, the goal is to connect with your audience and to captivate their attention. So, you don't want to confuse them or distract them. With that being said, let's talk about the height of your camera. Okay. When it comes to the height of your camera, how high should it be? Again, we need to remember that it needs to match and mirror how a real conversation goes. So, if the camera is someone's eye and you're having a conversation with someone, where are their eyes naturally at? If you're both sitting down, you would be at perfect eye level. they would be at the perfect level of your eyes. So, that's how you need to position your camera. You're not going to position it all the way up here. You're not going to position it all the way down here. Their eyes are not down there. Their eyes, when you're both sitting in the same table, should be just as high as your eyes. Next, let's talk about distance. The distance of the camera from where you're sitting or standing. Again, the rule of thumb here is to mirror how a conversation normally is. Now, when you're talking to someone, you're not talking all the way from back here. You're not talking all the way this close. This is too close for personal space. When you're having a conversation with someone, you're normally talking within personal space range. So, it's not too far, it's not too close. Think about personal space. This length would be normal. If you were holding your phone, this would be a good length. Not too close, not too far. So, this would be a good personal space as if we're both having an intimate conversation together. Okay, let's talk about the angle next. The angle is the tilt of the camera. Meaning, if it's facing downwards like this or it's facing upwards like that. When it comes to your angle, the best case scenario is to keep it at head height at eye level again. But if you prefer to position a little bit higher, it'll get rid of your neck lines. However, if you position it way too low, it's going to look really weird. Like when you first answer your FaceTime call, it's not going to look that good. So, if you want to look professional, if you want to look appealing and you want to look great, make sure it's at eye level. Another tip would be to make sure that your eyes are lined up with the first line of the rule of thirds. If you're not aware of the rule of thirds, it's basically a composition guideline or grid line that helps you guide your shot. Every smartphone or camera nowadays should have one. So, if you have an iPhone, all you need to do is go to your settings, hit camera, and then turn on your grids. Doing this enables the grid lines on your camera app. When you position your eyes right at the line, it's still going to look great compared to having too much space above or too much space below. The best case scenario is to keep a little bit of space right above there and a little bit of space on the side so it doesn't get cut off by those buttons or the captions. As long as I keep my eyes aimed at the first line, my shot is going to look good no matter what. Here's how it looks. horizontal. No matter what, when I keep my eyes at the first line, it's still going to look aesthetically pleasing. So, that's one way you can position yourself and your camera to make sure that your shots are aesthetically pleasing. Okay, let's talk about lighting. To keep it as simple as possible, the key thing to remember is that you need to have enough light on you. As long as you have enough light, you're going to look amazing. Because the way cameras work, especially smartphones, is the more light there is to absorb, the better the picture or video is going to be. Here's how it looks when there's enough light. And here's how it looks with all the lights turned off. When there's not enough light entering the camera, when you're in a dark room or you're in a spot that doesn't have enough light, it looks a little bit grainier. It looks a little bit less sharp. It looks a little bit less professional. So, the key here is to have enough light so it captures the best look possible. Here's how it looks again with all the lights turned on. You can see that the image looks a lot clearer, looks a lot more professional, and it's a lot more engaging to look at. Another tip is to make sure that there's no light going directly into your camera. Because if you have light going directly into your camera lens, that creates a little bit of a glare and it kind of degrades the quality of your video. For example, I have this light bulb here. If I face it at the camera, you're going to see that my face gets a little bit faded. It looks a little bit more faded and the colors are gone. If you have a light bulb facing the camera like this, it's going to degrade your the quality of your video. So, the goal is to make sure that there are no light flares or no sources of light facing your camera. Next, let's talk about the types of light you're going to be dealing with. To make this as simple as possible, I've narrowed it down to two things: direct light and diffused light. Generally speaking, diffused light is your best friend because it gives you softer shadows and it gives you an even glow around your face. And direct light, on the other hand, can give you harsh shadows, meaning if you have wrinkles on your face that you're trying to hide, direct light is going to show them a little bit more. And that's why diffuse light is your best friend. The best and cheapest way to get diffused lighting is to record yourself in front of a window. However, you need to make sure that the sun is not hitting your face directly because when the sun is directly hitting your face, that turns the diffused light into direct light. So, when the sun is not directly facing the window, it helps diffuse the light and reflect it right into your face. The next option you have is to get yourself one of these ring lights. They're not that expensive. They're powered by USB and they can light up your face evenly and perfectly without too much effort. Or if you have more room in your budget, you can get one of these professional lights with a diffuser that softens the light. All right, let's talk about the foreground. Meaning you in a talking head video, you are the foreground. You are the main focus of attention, not your background. So, how to prepare yourself to look your best. All you need to do is wear something that makes you feel confident and comfortable. It doesn't mean you have to be overdressed. Doesn't mean you have to be dressed a specific way. All you need to do is wear something that makes you feel confident and comfortable. If you notice throughout this entire course, I'm just wearing a simple t-shirt. I'm not wearing anything fancy or too complicated. As long as you're comfortable, as long as you're confident, as long as you're able to present properly in front of the camera, it doesn't matter what you look like. It doesn't matter what you're wearing, as long as it's appropriate for your content. When it comes to what's behind you or what's around you in your shot or your background, you need to make sure that it's not too distracting. Because remember, you are the focus of the video. You can't have anything else that's moving in the background that will distract anyone's attention or anything that's going to keep their focus away from you. So, the key here is to keep your background as simple as possible. The more distracting it is, the more you're going to pull focus away from you and what's really important. One common mistake that many people make is that they shoot themselves right behind the wall. And this is wrong for so many reasons. One, it makes your image unprofessional and flat. Plus, the shadows casted in the background are kind of distracting for most people. And finally, you don't get the best lighting options here. However, if you give yourself a separation of 3 to 4 feet away from your background, it gives you a more natural debt, which looks more professional. This way, there's a clear separation between you and your background, so the focus stays on you, and you get better lighting options. There's no shadows casting right behind you, and you get the bokeh effect, which is also the blurry background that most people like. So, tell me, which shot looks better? Background far far away and there's a clear separation, or being directly close to the wall. So, there you have it, guys. The four elements, the four things you need to think about while setting up your shots in front of the camera. We talked about how to frame your shot perfectly to look the best way possible. We talked about lighting. We talked about the foreground and what you need to wear. And we talked about the background. So, that's all of it. I hope you learned a lot with these simple tips. And I'll see you in the next lesson. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Redeemingthetimestudios [1 likes]: Excellent work.  Keep going, this video is way underrated.
  2. @dung_ai_monk: I cant believe video at this quality get so least view
  3. @HarmonyThiessenArt: This is really well done! As a beginner I really learned a lot. Not only from what you said but how you presented it.  Thank you!  Definitely plan to watch more of your vids. 🙏
  4. @FearlessMillionaire: What software do you use to add B-roll

- Must-Know Vlogging Camera Settings & Tips | Miguel Quiles | Sony Alpha: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, everyone, Miguel Quiles here. And today we're going to talk about shooting, talking head videos and blogs. I'm going to give you a crash course and share everything that you need to know to dial in your settings and achieve a quality result to demonstrate these concepts. I'll be using the Sony a7S III, but these ideas will translate to whatever Sony camera you might be using. First things first, you'll want to put your camera into movie mode by selecting the film icon on the top dial of your camera. We want to make sure we can have complete control over our exposure. So you'll want to press the function or the FN button on the back of your camera and head over to exposure mode. Make sure you have manual exposures selected. This is going to allow you to dial in your shutter speed, your aperture and your ISO values manually. From there we'll select a frame rate. The most common frame rate that you'll see in movies and films is 24 frames per second. This is what I would recommend any time you're going to film any talking parts within your videos for your record settings, I would generally recommend shooting in whatever the highest bit rate is that's available for your particular camera. In this case, I'm going to be shooting at 100 megabits per second with 4:2:2 10bit color. Moving back into your menus You'll want to select the file format. Since I'm using the a7S III, I'm going to select XAVC HS 4K, this is going to give me the best quality that I can get from this camera. There are times you may want to shoot in HD, so for that you'd select XAVC S HD instead. Now that we have all of that set up, we can begin to dial in our camera settings to get a good exposure. The first thing we'll adjust is shutter speed. This part is pretty simple as the value that we're going to select is actually dictated by what's called the 180 degree shutter rule. It basically states that you want your shutter speed to be double whatever your frame rate is. Since we're shooting at a frame rate of 24 frames per second, we double that number, which would be one fourty-eigth of a second. Most cameras don't have that as an option for shutter speed unless you're using a cinema camera. So we'll select the next closest one fiftieth of a second. This will give us a smooth cinematic look to any movement within our video. OK, so we have our shutter speed picked out. The next thing that we want to dial in is our ISO value. Generally speaking, you'll want your ISO value to be the lowest available option in your camera. That gives you enough sensitivity given your lighting environment. If you're filming in low light situations, you'll adjust this value as high as you need to go to get a proper exposure. I'm going to choose ISO 100 here. Since we have plenty of light available now, we'll have to select our aperture value. This number is going to dictate how blurry our background is and how much of the image appears to be in focus. It's at this point that many newer creators and videographers run into an issue. Let me explain. Let's say that you want to shoot at a wide open aperture outdoors in broad daylight. I'm using the twenty four millimeter, one point four g master lens right now to film myself, and I'm actually shooting this at F8 in order to get the appropriate exposure. Given the lighting situation that I find myself in, however, I can go all the way down to one point four. We can blur some of this background, but we're going to run into a little bit of an issue and I'm going to show you what that is. If I take my aperture to F 1.4 you notice right away that this image is severely overexposed. So we have a couple of different ways that we can remedy this. And I'm going to bring us bring this back to F8. So the first thing that we could do is we could adjust our shutter speed. Right. We're at one fiftieth of a second. So if we brought our shutter speed up, that would darken the image. It would correct the exposure, however, by changing the shutter speed to anything other than that. One fiftieth of a second, when we're filming at twenty four frames per second, it's going to give us kind of a weird stuttering type of movement. And it's not something that we want to do. So we don't want to adjust our shutter speed at all. Once we have selected that one fiftieth of a second. The other thing we could do is we could adjust our ISO value. Now, right now I'm shooting at an ISO of one hundred and the camera does go to ISO eighty. But again, that's not going to get us to the proper exposure that we need to be at in order to get this situation handled. So what can we do? Well, it's actually very, very simple. What we could do is use what's called a variable neutral density filter or and filter. It basically acts like a set of shades that you would put over your lens. So let's do that really quick. OK, so here we are. This is a variable and filter. This is. Is actually made by a company called Moment, and as you turn this dial, it actually will change the amount of and so it actually can get darker or brighter based on how much you rotate this ring. So with that being said, we're going to see if this is going to take care of our problem, which is being able to shoot with that F one point four aperture, but in this bright daylight condition. So first things first. We're going to go to F one point four, as you can see, once again, overexposed. And we're going to put this filter and hey, check that out. So this thing basically just screws in onto the front of your lens. And by using this, you have the ability to actually control the exposure by basically just twisting the ring on your variable and the filter. So this is very, very useful. And you could see so I can make it bright and then, of course, I can darken down the exposure. One of the nice benefits of the a7S III is that I actually have a monitor here on the side so I could see what the exposure actually looks like. So this is a really simple way for you to be able to shoot with that F one point four aperture. You blur out the background, keeping your shutter speed at one fiftieth of a second, your ISO value at one hundred, and then controlling your exposure with the variable and the filter. And there you go. That is everything that you need to know to help you get started with shooting your first talking head video or vlog. You guys have any questions? Leave them in the comments section below. And while you're there, make sure that you subscribe to Alpha Universe. We have new videos coming out just about every single week for you guys to enjoy. Thank you so much for watching. And I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stillcreepytruepatriot6652 [5 likes]: This was great.really helpful. No I can shoot video on a bright day and still get that blurred looking bac
  2. @RamonaHacking [4 likes]: Does anyone know what Miguel's hat says???  Is that Korean?
  3. @ResizeFilms [3 likes]: The best image quality is with XAVC-S I (all intra), not XAVC-HS.
Also, you should shoot at the camera’s native ISO which is 640 and not at the lower value possible as you’ll be wasting significantly dynamic range. Lower ISO values are ideal for photography, not videography.
Hope that helps. Greetings
  4. @NewMexicoPRIDE [1 likes]: I'm a quiles too!
  5. @dijanaselimanovic6752 [1 likes]: Mjj
  6. @joonajks [1 likes]: I just purchased a used Sony a6300 camera! 

Do you have a video or a recommendation for tweaking picture profile for a new beauty/talking head YouTube channel? We would love to achieve a good cinematic look without color grading

I enjoyed your video and thanks for your time!!
  7. @wanaagaqoyska7887 [1 likes]: Thanks 🙏🥰
  8. @skymakai [1 likes]: Why just say, “we don’t want to do this” and not show what it looks like to increase the shutter speed?  It’s not always going to look bad.
  9. @hu_manbhandari3571 [1 likes]: Omg 1 hour 89 views 😂 zero comments 😂😂 here’s the first comment 😂😂
  10. @EsenZeo: I have a nd 32 pair with a f1.7 lens and still its too bright
  11. @ProjeBigBen: Watched dozens of videos until I found this one, thank you!!
  12. @KawaHato: This was so helpful to see exactly how it works in action, thanks!
  13. @SurajVerseOG: I try my best, but somehow the video photage get’s shaky. So how can i deal with that for vlogging ??
  14. @wellnesspathforme6236: I have some A-mount lenses I'd like to be able to use, but no camera body.  I'm thinking the A-77 is probably the best reasonably priced used camera I can get. 
Does anyone else have any other recommendations?  Video quality and functionality is important, too.
  15. @jkDontcare-c7f: 4<uffrurjrurrudiduruu
  16. @dijanaselimanovic6752: JnNothing my
  17. @dijanaselimanovic6752: Pb
  18. @dijanaselimanovic6752: Hbb

- The ONLY Camera Settings You Need for Talking Head Content: Kind: captions Language: en If you just bought a new camera and you're staring at the menu thinking, "Where do I even start?" This video is for you. I'm going to walk you through every single setting I use to film my talking head videos. Not a short list, not five tips, but the whole thing. Shutter speed, ISO, aperture, frame rate, picture profile, file format, autofocus, all of it. And more importantly, I'm going to tell you why each setting matters. [music] Because knowing what to dial in is one thing. and understanding why it makes your footage look the way it does. That's what actually makes you a better filmmaker and content creator. So, by the end of this, you'll have your settings locked in and you will be ready to go every single time you sit down to film. Let's get into the >> quick bit of context before we dive in. Look, I film on a Sony A7S3, which is what I'm filming on right now, paired with a Tamron 28 to 75 mil lens. Now, you don't need this exact camera or this exact lens. A lot of these settings and principles apply across the Sony range and honestly across most mirrorless cameras in general. What I want you to take from this video isn't just a list of numbers to copy. [music] It's the logic behind the numbers. Because once you understand the logic, you can adapt these settings to whatever camera [music] you're currently working with. Also, I'm based in London, so I shoot on the PAL system. That means frame rate of 25 fps. If you're in US or Canada, you're on NTSC. So, your equivalent would be 24 or 30 fps. Now, if you're new to cameras, don't worry. I'll explain as we go along. So, let's start from the top. Okay. So, the first setting is resolution. Now, I shoot in 4K always. Now, I know what some of you are thinking. 4K files are huge and my computer struggles with [music] them. And look, that's a fair point. Now, if your editing machine genuinely can't handle 4K, don't worry about it. Just shoot in 1080p. [music] That'll do. It's still a great image. But here's why I encourage you to work towards 4K as soon as you can. When you're shooting 4K and you're editing for YouTube, you can crop into your [music] footage in post with minimal to no quality loss. That means one wide shot becomes a wide, medium, and a close-up all from the same clip. And when you want to repurpose that for Instagram, for example, or YouTube res, you can reframe it vertically without the image falling apart and getting all blurry. [music] 4K gives you flexibility. And when you're filming by yourself with no one to adjust the camera for you, flexibility is [music] everything. The file format I use is Zav S4K. Record settings is 140 42210 bit. Okay, so 10 bit [music] is color depth. This basically means that you're capturing significantly more color information than a standard 8 bit footage. All right, that matters when you go to color grading. You've got more data to work with, so your grades look cleaner and [music] more natural. Don't panic. That's all you need to worry about. Next up is frame rate. I shoot in 25 fps. Now, if you're in the UK, Europe, or Australia, it's 25 fps. That's your PAL [music] standard, and it gives you the most natural cinematic motion for talking head content. But if you're in the US or Canada, you can go with 24 fps [music] for that cinematic feel. It's literally the same. Or 30 fps if you want slightly smoother motion. One thing to avoid though for talking head content, don't shoot at 60 fps unless you're specifically planning to slow down the footage in post. 60 fps looks almost too smooth. It it loses the kind of film it quality and starts to feel a bit more like a home video than a professional piece of content. 25 or 24, that's your number for these kind of videos. Setting number three is shutter speed. Now, this one trips a lot of people up, so let me make it real simple. There's a rule called the 180° shutter rule. You've probably heard of it, or maybe you haven't. All it means is that your shutter speed is double your frame rate. So, if I'm shooting at 25 fps, my shutter speed will be 1 [music] over 50th of a second. If you're shooting at 30 fps, your shutter speed will be 1 over 60th of a second. If you're shooting at 24, you you get the picture, right? And why does this matter? Okay, because the specific shutter speed gives you a natural motion blur. And a natural motion blur is what helps to make your footage look more cinematic rather than really jittery or harsh. You know, sometimes you see footage and it's like it's harsh. Okay. Now, at 1 over 50th in a bright room or near a window, your image might be a little bit overexposed. So, that's where you need to use a ND filter. Okay. Think of it like [music] sunglasses for your lens. Now, it will reduce the light coming in so you can keep your shutter speed locked in. We never really want to tinker our settings, okay? We want to always keep them the same. Now, I've covered ND filters in more detail in a separate video. I will link that video in the description. But for now, just remember shutter speed equals double your frame [music] rate. Lock it, leave it, done. Our next setting is aperture. I shoot at f2.8, [music] the lowest my Tamron 2875 mil lens will go. Aperture controls two things. How much light enters the lens and how much of the background is in focus. At f2.8, you get the background separation where you're still sharp in focus, but the background behind you has that nice soft blurred quality. That's what gives talking head videos that professional feel, polished look. It separates you from your environment and draws the viewer's eyes straight to you. If your lens doesn't go as low as 2.8, you don't [music] need to worry about that. Whatever your lowest aperture is, use that. The principle is the same. Open it up as wide as it will go. Let more light in, more background blur. Simple. Next on our list is [music] ISO. This controls how sensitive your camera sensor is to light. The golden rule with ISO is to keep it as low as possible. The higher the ISO, the more digital noise and grain that will creep into your image. On my A7S3, I shoot in Slog 3. So, my base ISO is 640. This is the cleanest, most noise-free ISO on this camera for this picture profile. I stay here around 95% of the time. If I'm shooting at night, though, or in a very dark environment, the A7S3 has a second base ISO of 12,800, which sounds kind of insane, but this camera handles it remarkably well, so don't worry about that. That's one of the reasons it's such a popular camera for shooting in low light. Now, if you're not shooting in Slog 3 and you're on a standard picture profile, your b your base ISO will most likely be around 100 to be fair. So, you can start there and then add light to your scene before you start cranking up your ISO. Want to be clear, ISO is not a substitute for good lighting. Okay? If your image is too dark, the answer is to add more light to your room, not to crank up your ISO and introduce all that noise and grain. Better lighting always beats higher ISO. Remember that. Okay, we're getting through them. Next up is white balance. Now, this controls the color temperature of your image. Essentially, whether your footage looks warm or cool or kind of neutral. I set mine to 5500 Kelvin, and that gives me a natural daylight look that works well for talking head content. But here's the most important thing about white balance. Lock it. Turn on lock white balance on recording in your setting. If you leave it on auto, your camera will adjust the color temperature while you're filming. So, if a cloud passes by or a light flickers somewhere, your footage shifts color mid clip and in the edit, that's a nightmare to fix. I remember it happened to me on a client shoot way, way back in the day. Oh my gosh, spent way too long editing. It was so painful. Pick your Kelvin value, lock it, and don't touch it. I use 5500 Kelvin as my starting point and I make sure that my key light is set to the same. You can adjust slightly warmer or cooler than that depending on your lighting setup, but once you've set it, lock it. All right, this next one is super helpful. Autofocus. I use face and eye detection autofocus on the A7S3 and it's amazing. Not only is it fast, it's just so accurate. This is genuinely one of the best features on this camera for solo creators. It locks onto your face, specifically your eye, and then it tracks it continuously while you're filming. So even if I lean forward or turn slightly or move around, the camera stays locked on me. For talking head content, this means that you can set your camera up, hit record, and trust that you're going to be in focus for the entire take. You're not manually pulling focus. You're not going in and out of focus. You're and hoping for the best. The camera is doing it all for you. So, go into your autofocus settings, find face and eye detection, turn it on. Make sure it's set to your face priority first, then eye. That's the setup I use, and it's been reliable for me across hundreds, if not thousands of filming sessions. Now, we've arrived at picture profile. Now, this is the setting that makes the biggest difference to how your footage looks, and it's also the one that confuses the most people. Picture profile. Here's how I'd approach this depending on where you are in your filming journey. If you're just starting out, use a standard picture profile. Something like PP1 or PP2 on the Sony or whatever the equivalent is on your camera. Kind of just comes with the camera. Your footage will come out looking fine, natural, ready to use with minimal color grading needed. It's the simplest starting point. And that's absolutely nothing wrong with that. But if you want more control over your color grade, this is where Slog 3 comes in. And this is what I use. I shoot on picture profile A, which I've customized with Slog 3 settings. Here's my exact settings and you can feel free to screenshot them, use them, tweak them to get whatever look you want. Now, straight out of camera, Slog 3 footage looks really flat, washed out, and honestly a little bit ugly. And that's completely normal. That's the point. Slog 3 is capturing as much dynamic range and color information as possible, which gives you significantly more to work with when you color grade in post. And once it's graded, this is what it becomes. The trade-off is that you need to color grade every clip. Okay? If you're not comfortable with that just yet, well, just start on a standard profile. Get consistent first. Then, when you're ready to level up your look, come back to this. This video will always be here. And I actually have a full color grading video where I walk you through exactly how I color grade my Slog 3 footage. And I'll link that in the description, too. Look, if you're still here, you are a legend. And I just know this is going to help you level up. You're still making. Last one. Okay. And this is a small setting that makes a big practical difference. Turn on your rule of thirds grid in a display settings. This puts a grid over your live view so you can frame yourself properly every single time you sit down to film. For talking head videos like this, I would center yourself. But for Bivo, I would place yourself on one of the vertical lines rather than dead in the center. This just gives your frame more visual interest and breathing room. It takes 2 seconds to turn on it. We use it every single filming session. Small thing, big impact. Quick pause before we wrap things up here. If you're at a stage where you're getting your camera settings locked in, you're probably also thinking about how to actually plan and organize your content, what to film, when to film it, how to stay consistent without taking over your life. That's exactly why I built the creators command center. It's a notion template with everything in one place. Content calendar, scripting templates, filming checklist, personal brand road map, content ideas for any niche. basically a system that I use to run my entire content operation as a solo creator. The link is in the description. It's £27 and it will save you hours every single week. Go check it out. All right, we have made it. Let's recap everything before we sign off. Resolution 4K. Shoot in 4K if you can, okay? If not, 1080p will do just fine. Frame rate, 25 fps if you're in the UK or Europe, or 24 or 30 if you're in the US. Shutter speed, double your frame rate, one over 50th for me. Aperture, as low as your lens will go. Right now, I'm at f2.8, which is why I got this nice separation. ISO, check your camera's base ISO, 640 for SOG 3 on my camera, 100 for standard profiles. Make sure you check whatever your camera you're using is. White balance. Mine is 5500K. Lock it in and make sure it doesn't shift mid filming. autofocus, face and eye detection turned on, and picture profile. You can start with standard, or you can go to Slog 3 if you want, and my videos will help you figure that out. That's the full setting sheet. Screenshot this, save it, copy it, whatever works for you. These are the exact settings I've been using for years, and they haven't let me down, and I rarely change them unless I'm doing so for like stylistic purposes. Now, if you found this video useful, hit that like and button. It generally helps this video reach more people who need it. Subscribe if you haven't already cuz we are building something good over here. And I'll see you I said I will see you in the next one. Peace and love every single time. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @denz_creates [2 likes]: Make sure you screenshot the FULL settings near the end....What are you using to film?
  2. @mox.visuals [1 likes]: Always producing such valuable content bro 🙏🏼
  3. @ielysoJesus: Thanks for sharing this Denz, I will likely keep using my iPhone 16pro max to record YouTube videos.

- The Ultimate Guide to Filming Yourself for YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Filming for your YouTube videos can be a challenge when you're your own camera operator. You don't have anyone to frame the shot for you, press record, or let you know if you've gone out of focus. Trust me, I know the struggle. I've been filming myself for YouTube for over 10 years now, and I've had to learn some hacks and workarounds to get beautiful cinematic footage of myself, even when I'm the only one there to film it. Because chances are you don't want all of your videos to just be selfie footage, right? You might want to include some cool B-roll shots of you. Or if you're filming a vlog, you're gonna want to capture clips of you going about your day, not just everything from the point of view of the phone in your hand. So today I thought I would share some tips that I've learned over the years from filming solo, so that you can also create great YouTube videos even if you have nobody else to help you film. So I think some people might think that filming all by yourself is lonely, but I actually find it very freeing. There's no one here to judge me for however many attempts it takes me to say what I want to say, or to see how sweaty I get running around, setting up my tripod all the time. And I think once you get the hang of these tips, you'll learn to love this process too. At this point, I just honestly find it more efficient to set up the shot for myself than to try to explain to somebody else what my vision is. This tripod is like my best friend. So let's start this off by talking about two basic methods for framing shots of yourself. Because obviously we're gonna need to try to envision what we think this is gonna look like without ourselves in the shot. Like the subject is behind the camera, right? So these are two processes for setting up a shot without you in it, but you're gonna be in it, so here we go. All right, so method number one is guess and check. This is the most basic and accessible method for self-framing because you can do it no matter what you're filming with. Start by simply framing the shot how you think you want it to look. So this is the guess part. So you have an idea that you wanna film yourself sitting on the couch journaling, right? So you set up your tripod and your phone facing the couch, generally framing it how you think you would like it to look once you're in it. Then you just press record, quickly pop into the scene where you plan to be, sit there for like two seconds, not longer, and then you come back to your camera, you press stop and just review the clip. When you watch it back, maybe you'll realize like, "Oops, my head is actually cut off. I need to make the tripod a bit taller." So then you adjust your tripod, you repeat the process, do another quick two second test clip, jump up again, review your clip and so on. Repeat this as many times as you need until your test clip looks how you want your final clip to be. And then you just hit record one last time and go in and film your clip how you want it. If you're filming B-roll, I really recommend that you act or be a part of the scene for like at least 10, maybe 15 seconds so that you have enough to use later on. Method number two is a little bit more convenient, but you do need an Apple watch for this. So this is using your Apple watch as the monitor for your phone camera. So you're gonna set up your shot just like we did in the first method, but then you're gonna open up the camera app on your Apple watch and you'll see that it automatically shows you what the camera on your phone is seeing. So you can go ahead and sit in the frame and then just reference your watch and see if it looks how you want it to. You don't even have to press record for this, which is nice so you don't end up with a bunch of test shots. If it doesn't quite look how you want, then you go adjust your tripod and then sit back down in the frame and check again. Once you've looked at your watch and you're happy with how it looks, you can go ahead and just press record right from your watch, which is really convenient. Both of these methods are a really effective way at framing your shot, even if you can't be behind the camera and in front of the camera at the same time, which obviously you can't. But with both of them, honestly, it just does take some patience. It simply does just take more time when you are both the onscreen talent and the camera operator. Like you're trying to do two jobs at once, but the more you do this, the more you'll get used to framing up what you want your final shot to be and you'll find that you'll need to do less test shots before you're happy with how it looks. Okay, so all the tips that I've shared so far work really great if you're okay with stationary, locked off tripod shots of yourself. But what if you wanna get some movement in the clips that you're filming of yourself? Obviously that can be a bit more tricky, but that is where the Flow 2 Pro comes in. If you've watched my channel for a while, then you'll know that I'm a big fan of Insta360's mobile gimbals. I bought the original Insta360 Flow about a year ago to film videos for my vlog channel and I've been low key obsessed ever since. This is the new Flow 2 Pro and it has all the great features that I have come to know and love with a few key updates. This little gimbal basically acts as your AI powered filming assistant, smoothly tracking your movements and keeping you perfectly in frame. The really cool thing about this gimbal is you don't actually need to use any app to take advantage of the tracking capabilities. Insta360 is the only mobile gimbal brand that integrates directly with Apple. So once you pair your phone to the gimbal using just one tap through NFC, your phone is connected and you can use the tracking in just like the camera app. So I've just got like the camera app opened on my iPhone right now and all I need to do is press the trigger button on the gimbal, this light will turn green and it automatically will start tracking my face. So as I move around, the camera is going to follow me. I don't have to do anything to make that happen and now I can press the trigger button and the tracking is turned off and I can just reframe it however I like. This means you can use tracking in a variety of apps like FaceTime and even Instagram. If you do film with the Insta360 app though, you can do a bunch of cool stuff with the new AI powered DeepTrack 4.0. Like tracking a group of people rather than just one individual. This is especially perfect if you like to film with a partner or friends. Before if you would try filming with a group and tracking yourself then the framing would get a little bit weird because it would always be keeping you in the center regardless of who's around you. But now you can track a group so your composition will be perfect even if you're filming with friends. There's also the new Pro framing grid feature which lets you tell the Flow 2 Pro where to position the person that you're tracking in the frame which gives you more control over the composition and lets you get more cinematic clips. Another cool upgrade with the Flow 2 Pro is actually the built-in selfie mirror. I know this might seem so simple but it's actually a game changer. I'm a huge fan of filming with the .5 lens and obviously when you do that you can't see the screen of your phone so it's hard to know if you're in frame. And this little selfie mirror solves that problem. Basically whatever is reflected in this mirror is going to be generally in the center of the frame. So if you see yourself reflected there you know you're good to go. Overall the Flow 2 Pro is a great solution for solo content creators because it allows you to get a variety of cool cinematic shots with movement in them even if you're filming by yourself. All you need is you, your phone and this little gimbal. The Insta360 Flow 2 Pro is available as of today so if you're interested go ahead and check out the link in my description to grab one for yourself. And thanks again to Insta360 for sponsoring today's video. Now that you've got some tools so that you're able to film yourself whether that's the Flow 2 Pro or simply just a tripod, now let's talk about what kind of clips you want to actually film. I've got this four part formula that I wanna share with you that helps to ensure you get a variety of interesting visuals so you can make great sequences that actually tell a story in your vlogs or just get a variety of good view. So I want you to make a note of this in your phone so you can reference it every time you go to film yourself. These are the four types of shots you wanna get. Establishing, detail, human interaction and vlog. If you make sure you capture these four types of shots you will have good coverage every time for your videos. And by including all these different types of shots you'll make your videos more interesting and engaging too. So first let's talk about what an establishing shot is. For each of these different types by the way I'm gonna show you three different examples from three different scenarios so that you can see how this formula really works across niches and types of videos. Okay so an establishing shot. It's just a nice wide shot. Maybe you're like traveling to Lake Ashi in Japan, so you're gonna get a nice wide shot of the lake with the mountains in the background. If you're filming a vlog at home and you're about to show your skincare routine, maybe it's just a wide shot of you walking into your bathroom. Or if you're visiting a cool cafe, it's just a clip of the exterior. The establishing shot can have you in it, but it doesn't need to. This is just meant to communicate to the viewer, like here's where we are. Everything you see from this point on will be in this location. Next up is detail. Detail shots kind of give you the texture of-- It could be a close up of the boat that you're on on your trip across that lake in Japan. Or it might be a little panning shot of your various skincare products that you're about to show in your skincare routine. Maybe even a close up of turning on the faucet in the sink or like putting your hair up. Maybe if you're checking out that cute cafe, it's some shots of different parts of the interior like the cool furniture or even shots of the food that you ordered. These are all examples of detail shots. Our third category is human interaction. This is really where being able to film clips of yourself comes in handy and it really is important for like immersing your viewer in the story. Okay, so for travel vlogs, I think it's really helpful to have shots of your reaction to a place. Like that is the most visceral way of showing how you feel about where you are. If it's like a skincare routine segment in a vlog, then obviously you're gonna wanna show yourself doing just that. You could play around with shooting some close ups and even some wider shots. Like I feel like people often forget to get that context or for visiting that cafe, maybe you set your phone up and get a shot of you taking that first sip of coffee. From here, we've got some really good visual coverage of the establishing the widest shot, detail shots of the environment to really communicate that feeling of what it's like to be there. And then finally, we've got clips of you showing your experience. Our fourth category is vlog clips. And if you're just really trying to capture B-roll, then you can ignore this. But if you're filming a vlog, it's so important that you remember to actually film some clips of you talking to the camera. I often find a lot of beginner vloggers forget to do this because honestly, it's not the most intuitive thing in the world to like, to start talking to your phone unprompted. It's a lot easier for people to start capturing those establishing or detail shots, like showing what's around them. So you need to actively remember to film those clips where you speak to the camera and talk about how you're feeling or what you're doing. A quick tip about what to say, I would encourage you to focus more on how you feel rather than what you're doing. Because ideally, all those shots that we got before are showing what you're doing. So you don't necessarily need to describe that in detail to your audience because they can see that's what's happening. So instead focus on how you feel about it. What you wanna avoid is just making your talking to camera pieces identical to like the visuals that you just captured. Try to bring in something different to like just make it more engaging. All right, if you have a tripod, if you learn to frame your own shots using the guess and check method, and if you always make sure to cover that four part formula of the four different shot types, then there is truly nothing standing in your way of making beautiful and visually engaging videos for YouTube. I know it can seem like a lot, so just take it step by step. But I promise you, once you start doing it, you will never go back. Because once you see the results of all of this variety of beautiful visuals that you can include in your videos, you'll never wanna go back to just boring talking head only videos again. It just truly makes your videos so much more fun to edit, but also way more fun to watch. So try it out. Let me know how it goes. You can always DM me over on Instagram at Katie Steckely. I love to know how your YouTube content creation process is going. And of course, remember to check out the Insta360 Flow 2 Pro if that was of interest to you. Clicking the links in the descriptions and checking out the sponsors of my videos is one of the best ways you can support my channel. So I always appreciate that. And while you're down there, let me know in the comments if you have any video suggestions, topics you'd like to see me cover. It's January, it's a new year. I feel like this is like the best time to tackle some of these things around starting a new YouTube channel. So let me know what you'd like to see. And as always, thank you so much for watching. I hope you're having adventures and following your dreams. And I will see you in my next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @katie [40 likes]: Now that you've filmed all this b-roll, it's time to edit! Check out the follow up to this video, The Beginner Guide to Editing B-Roll https://youtu.be/pW4WBaIGqqg
  2. @virginiaSamanthadeAraujoLemes: The best video on this subject 🙏
  3. @Rebecca_brown: I’m new to YouTube and honestly so glad I found your channel content! ❤
  4. @AlanaJ_888: Yeah but what about the audio/mic setup? Do you just only use the mic on your phone?! ❤
  5. @Abeluidesign: What if I don't have a tripod 😢
  6. @yousraalsaidy9141: This is so helpful as a beginner.
  7. @DZ-xc2gn: TOPIC IDEA: What NOT to include in your videos...children's faces, license plates, other people's personal info, etc.  Wouldn't want to upset an audience that you are trying to build!
  8. @A_VoiceintheDarkness: Katie, This is a great video. You real explained it well.  Thanks.
  9. @LoreleiCKC: Can you do more of these types of videos? The filming part has been the hardest part in my content journey.
  10. @elianawest6365: I've been thinking about starting a YouTube channel, and I'm not sure how to begin. This is really helpful, thank you!
  11. @TenMinuteTimeTravel: This was so helpful, thank you Katie ❤
  12. @PaulsOutdoorExperience: Great instructions - evergreen, superbly explained and nice flow you have! Thanks, for a great explainer!
  13. @meowmeow766: Thankyou thankyou thankyou for the apple watch hack!! I never knew this was possible!! Thanks ❤
  14. @huggs66: I wanna be your friend! Haha. Not to be creepy. You seem awesome! Thanks so much for these videos! They are very helpful.
  15. @GeorgiaKrivo: I am new to filming myself. A general question, Is there a reason why you have the phone facing backward, wouldn't the phone screen facing you assist better to see if your positioned in the correct spot? I'm sure there is a reason why. Love to here feedback 🥰
  16. @ayothomasofficial: So helpful
  17. @Limitless_Life_with_Laurie: love this thank you so much.  I just started to upload my reels to 'Shorts' and they are doing extremely well. Now I am ready to get started on an actuall channel
  18. @topangasunrise: What about when you're filming a tutorial, for example maybe a sewing project? So the camera isn't on you most of the time, but rather what you're doing. You might have set up the shot properly using your first few tips, but now that you're working on the project maybe you moved out of frame without realising it until editing. Rats, I hate when that happens, and often you can't go back and refill that because you've already progressed on the project! Any tips for that?
  19. @ladyj5682: Need more details than this provides plus u need to say in title with an apple watch
  20. @Simplyretiredgoingon75: Thank you great information….

- Talking Head Video Setup | 10 Tips for AMAZING TALKING HEAD VIDEOS: Kind: captions Language: en i've been making content on youtube and in my day job professionally for years so here's my best tips that you absolutely need to hear if you want to make amazing talking head videos while any old camera will do even your phone keep in mind people are used to looking at high quality video on youtube shoot your video in 4k if possible and more on why in a minute as this is a talking head video people are going to see more of you on screen than anything else and they want to see you not a big block of pixels the gear that you have doesn't really matter it's all about the idea but that 20 year old phone that you have that barely shoots photos let alone video yeah that's not going to cut it for the purpose of this video right now i'm using the sony's ev1 but these tips will apply to absolutely any camera that you have even a 20 year old phone don't throw the camera on a tripod and just land it anywhere not going to cut it the shot needs to be interesting sure a blank wall can look okay and it does have its place but try and shoot into a corner where possible when it comes to the camera position itself have the lens directly towards your face most importantly your eyes because that's where you're going to be talking to into the actual lens itself but keep in mind as well the distance that the camera is from you is also going to change the framing so the further back you go the more of a shot you get or the closer you go the tighter the shot that it is just keep in mind while yes it is a talking head video we don't just want a talking head in the video and nothing else lighting is hugely important in fact it's one of the most important things i can't stress how important lighting is guys i really can't and even if you've got an old camera or that old 20 year old phone then lighting can give that a huge helping hand rule number one do not use the light that's on your ceiling please do not use it because the light that comes out of that is all over the place forget about it if it's a short video you can use daylight and the reason i'm saying if it's a short video use daylight from a window because the daylight is constantly changing and if there's a cloud comes and the sun goes in it's going to change the whole look of your video and that's not good even a cheap light is better than all of the above you don't have to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars when you have a light think about the positioning of it the general rule of thumb is you should have a rim light which is light behind you a key light which will be kind of up at 45 degrees pointing down at you and then you'd have a fill light or you could use a little bounce card which will reflect the light from one light onto the face so it fills the other side of the face right now for me i have got one light that is lit that is up there that is at roughly at a 45 degree angle coming down and there's a reason why it needs to be at a 45 degree angle because if you put straight on it just gives a flat look to your face not really good not really interesting but when there's an angle there's shadows and shadows create contrast shadows make your face look interesting and they're kind of complimentary to the triple shins do you need all of those lights absolutely not but start with one creating depth ties into the last few tips and even making the smallest little bit of effort when it comes to depth can make a huge difference to your video the easiest and quickest way to create depth between you and the background and this obviously you want to pop in the image is have a light behind you so i've got a candle here but i've also got a blue led light and that helps separate me from the background and obviously the more distance between you and the background of the wall the better before even charging a battery write down your idea don't wing it please do not wing it i know we can all wing it right but then your video turns into a rambling mess and it's a pain to edit and you lose the context and what you're trying to get out so here's the thing if you write a few bullet points down at the very least or a script you can go yeah you can use a teleprompter but you don't necessarily need one in this case i've got my phone down here and i'm looking at that every now and again stay on track stay on target for your star wars fans start with writing down the title write down the idea then start kind of blocking it out like a beginning middle and end don't just stick to the first version of what you write don't be afraid to edit it remove all the waffle rearrange it look nobody really cares about your day and nobody wants to hear ages of waffle until you get to the actual point of the video which is the value that you deliver to your audience all that aside the thing that's really important here besides the value is this has to sound like you this has to sound like it's coming from you a lot of things that are written down will read great and will look great on a blog but when it comes to translating them into video a lot of the time they just don't work that well so that's why it's important you rearrange you rework you make it sound like you next tip here and this is a really important one as well is audio bad audio will destroy your video completely destroy it god boom forget about it see here's the thing people see with their ears as well as their eyes so while people will tolerate some kind of dodgy looking scratchy poor audio will have them instantly sorry they might nev back and that's what you don't want to do the first step to having better audio is do not use the onboard mic in the camera that you have i know look sometimes it works okay and in certain situations you might get away with it like something like 25 30 like the saramonic xrxm1 can make a huge difference if you want to take things up a level then you can go for bigger shotgun mics or wireless lavs which is what i'm using right now and you can really add to your audio kit as you go on but audio guys is super super important remember this audiences hear and see with their ears as well as their eyes these days auto focus on cameras is pretty good it can be very reliable depending on the camera that you're using now here's the thing if you think that your camera isn't completely reliable for autofocus use manual focus now i get it it's like but how how what how can i manually focus myself when i need to be behind the camera to do that so put something where you're going to be maybe if you've got somebody else that's living with you stick them on the chair just while you call the focus when it comes to other settings sure you can absolutely leave the camera run on auto mode and leave the camera do everything that's probably not the best idea in the long run start using something like aperture priority to get you going so an aperture of f one point which is this is will give you a little bit of a blurry background while the higher it is it won't obviously the more distance between you and the background the more blur that you're going to get as well so keep that in mind iso can be left on auto and basically in a nutshell iso will make the image brighter or darker and the brighter that the iso is the higher the number the more noise and grain it can bring to the picture which isn't really good so try and dive the iso in right now my iso is at 320. if you've got audio levels options in your camera make sure you turn them down if they're too red because that's not where you want to be if you don't have audio levels in the camera that you've got then that's okay to record a test clip and just play it back essentially your audio must be hitting about minus nine or thereabouts but as soon as you see red you're dead talking to camera i know this one is a biggie and look it's obvious the more you do this talking to camera then the better that you get talk to the actual lens of the camera which is what i'm doing now don't talk to the flippy out screen which is what i'm looking at now because my eyes are not really looking at you and if you've got a monitor up top then you don't really want to be talking to the monitor either you want to be talking directly into the lens because that's where the audience lives when it comes to talking the camera as well you need to project your voice a little bit more so if i was talking to somebody here in the room kind of talking like this but shoulders up chest out kind of thing and i'm talking to the camera which is a couple of feet away don't be afraid to use your hands either great communicators use their hands to tell their stories all the time but you can kind of really overdo it so just keep that in mind whatever feels natural now here's the biggest tip i can give you when it comes to talking to camera and this comes from somebody who was a talk show host on commercial radio for over 11 years talk to your audience not at them i know you're like what the hell is that so and you really need to think about this you're not in an ivory tower kind of you know spitting down visual upon your loyal subjects no you're talking to somebody so you gotta talk to somebody not at them once you get your head around that it will open your mind completely to talking to camera so talk to your audience not at them no matter what software that you're using edit your videos in some way for me i use adobe premiere pro but this is what i'm going to say is nothing to do with premiere pro this will apply all editing softwares out there dump all the ohms the as and most importantly cut out any dead air or very long pauses unless there's a really specific reason to have a long pause in there and even then cut it again your audience aren't invested in you as you think so anything that signals to them the video is over or it's getting boring they're gone a video needs to be interesting visually as well ultimately if you're on screen for 10 15 20 minutes and it's just you with no cuts no anything it can get very boring and people will probably not make it to the end of the video something that can help here is using jump cuts now use these sparingly but they have to be done well enough so they're not too jarring on the audience think of any hollywood movie or tv show the next movie or tv show that you watch keep in mind that the scene changes roughly every nine seconds now the reason the scene changes every nine seconds is because your brain goes to sleep they want to keep you engaged and that's what we want to do here with these videos is keep the viewer engaged so every nine seconds or thereabouts it needs to change that can be a little cropping a little zoom in or a pullback or anything that can refresh the viewer's brain and keep things interesting now speaking of interesting that leads me on to the next tip and this if you apply it will not only help hugely with keeping your viewers in the video but it's also going to make things super interesting b-roll will keep things super interesting now i know it might sound fancy and all of that but essentially it's not it's just another piece of video so let's say you're talking about i don't know a candle when you're talking about the candle you should be showcasing the candle it keeps the viewers brain engaged completely and that makes what you're talking about very easy to understand what i do when it comes to writing a kind of a script or an outline for a video you're gonna have some idea of the b-roll that you need but for me i shoot more b-roll after i've edited the first cut of the video so i go okay i need this this and this once the video is finished once you've edited it watch it don't just upload it watch the video if there's mistakes if there's some glitch or whatever go back fix it if you upload a video that's full of errors or glitches or typos or whatever then that's on you this isn't a live video where sometimes people expect something to go wrong this is something that you've pained over you've ached over you've edited it and then you felt oh it's good enough i can just leave a few mistakes in it that's a really bad thing to do and that's your fault nobody else's so if you're wondering why people are leaving then check your videos re-render and watch again before you upload now speaking of uploading upload in 4k render your videos in 4k even if you don't shoot in 4k the reason why is that youtube gives less compression and more bandwidth to a video that it sees as a 4k file so what does that mean the video is going to look better to your audience the other thing here as well speaking of the audience if you've got a few videos under your belt and when you do in the audience tab on youtube you're going to get an idea of when your audience is active on the platform not necessarily on your channel so it basically it gives you a rough idea of when you should start uploading or scheduling an upload to go live because you weren't just going to throw the video up and upload it at random times were you no i knew you wouldn't do that i get it i understand the anxiety i understand the nerves i understand that you're going to get idiots in the comments block them instantly by the way and you've forgotten about them two seconds later don't even engage but i understand all the fears and that can be absolutely crippling for anybody that wants to make content look i can't make you make a talking head video i just can't i can't force you to make any type of video but if this is something that you want to do fight hard for it and just go and do it and just hit record

  Top Comments:
  1. @VicBarry [2 likes]: Now you've nailed the setup, here's how to GET BETTER AT TALKING ON CAMERA! - https://youtu.be/hvrLd5KKm0s
  2. @thebarbearian0 [2 likes]: Good video! The points about talking "to" and not "at" the audience was especially helpful. Thanks man :)
  3. @LaloLSSalcedo [1 likes]: Great video and humor 🙌🏼🔥
  4. @TheWritingSample [1 likes]: Thank you so much for a great engaging video. I have to consider not following some of this advice because I'd never upload new video. Upload and keep going is also a great way to learn. Also the audience isn't as invested if the video is bad but if its information the audience wants, like this one, the watch all the way to the end, like I just did.
  5. @michman1956 [1 likes]: Awesome video Vic!!
  6. @fedorlubensky [1 likes]: Спасибо🙏💕
  7. @richarddoyle1878 [1 likes]: Fantastic advice, Thank you!
  8. @iAmBrandonOrr [1 likes]: This was the best video I’ve watched on this topic
  9. @RafalReyzer [1 likes]: The best video on the topic!
  10. @adiosgamer3793 [1 likes]: New subscriber... Excellent.
  11. @martijnvanspaendonck: This (and your other videos on this subject) was very helpful! I'm 4 video's in and working on it. :) Great channel, very pleasing and funny to listen to. Good job.
  12. @The-Charleston-Chew: Amazing video..I needed that, rough “talking head” day lol
  13. @computeraidedyami: The best part of the video were the hairy legs
  14. @rrlideracademy: Amazing video, thank you so much for this mini tutorial!!!
  15. @ewaldjosh: Advice for people that are nearly color-blind trying to get into photography/videography? 

Any settings to help me be confident that my colors are accurate for the next person that will look at the material? 

For example, one time I chose colors for a bedroom and I chose a tan and a brown for a accent wall. Come to find out, it wasn't brown and it was maroon lol
  16. @slightlyopinionated8107: Awesome video! Straight to the point and no fluff. You deserve more followers
  17. @CTROTECHNOLOGY: Very helpful tips. Thank you
  18. @wolvi.m: Great advice my man. Really trying with video, at 114 subscribers 🙏🏼
  19. @Dean-Edward: Great video, thank you!
  20. @ianmarconi: Amazing video 😮

- Easy ways to do talking head videos: Kind: captions Language: en so one of my favorite types of videos to create and one that I think that maybe you ought to consider creating especially like if you're you're trying to get started and you're kind of stuck on what kind of video to do it's called a talking head video this my friend is a talking head video it's exactly what I'm doing now it's my head is talking but it is a type of content I think this is a great way to help people help you just kind of over come that that shyness and that camera thing one of the reasons I like it is because I feel like it just connects a lot better one on one now there's some ways to do that and there's also some ways that you can take talking head videos make them step them up a little a little more if you want this isn't about making them look Pro or anything like that it's just about taking a simple type of video and if you want to you can add some things to it talking at videos don't have to be boring now if you want to do a talking head video I mean literally like this that's just you talking that's cool but you can do other things like adding b-roll b-roll is just basically showing something else other than you talking so for example I'll add some b-roll of this setup right now of how I'm shooting this and that is Boll so while I'm talking to you you actually now are looking at how I'm shooting this video you can add graphics to a talking head video like text and and things like that I would encourage you not to overproduce it not to get crazy with the text but it's okay to point things out it's okay to like bring up points like I just did in this video about if you want to add graphics add simple text to emphasize a point you could also add music or even sound effects to your talking head video again these are all things you don't have to do and you don't shouldn't feel compelled to do but if you want to do a talking head video and you you're like man I just I want to take it up a little bit more add some music or when you like make a point add a sound effect to really accentuate that okay so for me what makes talking head vide so powerful it's this it's being able to connect with the person watching with you I'm looking at a lens but again I know somebody on the other side of this maybe you you're watching this and so by just talking to you it allows me to more connect with you hopefully on the topic that you're interested in so what are some easy ways to do a talking head video just this look at the lens now again on my DJI osmo pocket 3 the lens is right there so I see where the lens is depending on a camera like I've got a camera back there on my desk that's the Canon M6 Mark II if you're interested I'm looking at the lens there it's right above my monitor but even on my iPhone depending on how I shoot it I prefer to look at the selfie camera so I can see where I am but the lens is just off off to the main screen so again knowing where the lens is that you're looking at that is a one way to connect using a talking head video now what about what you want to say well if you want to script it if you're more comfortable scripting it by all means do that but then you're going to have to figure out how to either read the script or learn the script in my experience if you're brand new to video that is harder to do and come off as as authentic some people can do it a lot of people just come off as if they're reading to me I prefer a method of they having some bullets like right now I've got some notes on my phone that's just to the right and below my pocket 3 that I can glance at if I want but then again they're more bullet points so I get some things in my head and I just go with them so what I would recommend is just if you need to make some points you can put it on a sticky note and just put it right below the lens and glance at it if you need to and that'll help you do your talking head video and another way you can do it is record it in chunks now I I love sometimes just hitting record and going the downside of that is you can have a really really long file to work through and if you're brand new to editing that's a whole another thing to be intimidated by so what I recommend is just what I call recording in chunks so hit record say what you're going to say and stop look at your notes or get your thoughts in your head together hit record go again and just repeat that as many times as as you need to so what may happen is you may have you know a dozen or more could even be more of individual Clips but then again you could put all those together and that would make your entire talking head video so if you haven't tried talking head videos give it a shot you may enjoy it because that is part of the YouTube journey is just experimenting and trying different things especially different types of video just remember though that simple is good so don't worry about overproducing it and overthinking it just hit record start talking and make sure though you publish that on YouTube or otherwise the worldwide web won't know what the heck you have to share with them

  Top Comments:
  1. @CreativeThinking52 [3 likes]: Very helpful. Thanks for sharing.,📝👍
  2. @PaulUsher-l6z [2 likes]: Hi Kevin. I have watched a fair few of your videos now and would just like to say 'Thank you' for the inspiration. Authenticity can be rare so it is much appreciated to find it here. I look forward to watching more of your content. Thanks once again.
  3. @JosefRapaport [1 likes]: Hi Kevin .. I am really exited to have discovering your videos thanks
  4. @cyceediscover [1 likes]: You have the best explanation ❤❤❤
  5. @urbiblebestie [1 likes]: Thank you :) for this advice. Helps so much!
  6. @jjsiegal1 [1 likes]: Kevin... you are great instructor --- thanks VERY MUCH for your Tips !
  7. @angelherg1997 [1 likes]: So down to earth, so personable...I felt immediately connected to you, instant sub! Thank you
  8. @powerfullypeaceful4.7 [1 likes]: Thanks man very practical and helpful advice.
  9. @melimankate [1 likes]: Thank you for this video, Kevin! I'm from Brazil and I couldn't find something like this in my language here in Youtube. You help me so much 😊 Obrigada!
  10. @themotoriderjournal [1 likes]: Kevin, I've never really felt comfortable in front of the camera.  Something to practice.  I do like the idea of bullet points that state the general idea of the speaking part.  I do think I can wing it from the bullets. Thanks for clarifying the meaning of B Rolls.
  11. @MythsoftheHollowAge: adding B-roll is critical in my opinion if you are not a dynamic speaker
  12. @johncarr6496: Kevin, great points, couple questions if I may; I own a logitech C922 Pro webcam. Can I get good enough video quality with it? I'll take a look at your course, thanks.
  13. @jimpollockmusic: A tip for when recording free-style - when you do your bit, or mess up, clap your hands firmly, then keep going. Each time you clap will spike in your audio, helping to find those edit points a bit faster in post. Thank you Kevin, for all of your wisdom!
  14. @ElahnDaneeCodes: Thank you for this. I'm learning how to do a talking head video with the equipment I already have. I'm just not sure where exactly to record my video at? I'm used to livestreaming
  15. @andreahalverson4547: Kevin, you  mention hitting”pause” then resuming record to continue the video. Does the video become small clips, then need to be compiled somehow? If so, how?
Thanks again for such great information. You’re a wonderful teacher.
  16. @KendallOnTheAir: I was just about to ask about bullet notes or scripting. I was told I should do that. Also, I have so many interests, so how do I pick and choose?
  17. @clementemergence: Thanks ! Was wondering, since you're showing it, how is the Iphone cinematic mode for talking head ?
  18. @Austin-LawandEthics: How do you hit thevrecord button on the iphone when it is on the bavk of the phone which is on a tripod?
  19. @DaphneDoucette: Do you have any videos about lighting on a budget that works with eyeglasses?
  20. @TheLollygirl69: Could you do a video on reaction type with video yourcreacting to as background please. This is what I'd like to do, but dont know where to start lol

- How to Film Yourself and Look Cinematic: Kind: captions Language: en all right it's happening today let's&nbsp; talk about how to film yourself whether you are an aspiring filmmaker content&nbsp; creator or just generally want to document your&nbsp;&nbsp; life better knowing how to film yourself can&nbsp; be one of the best skills that you can acquire&nbsp;&nbsp; over the course of my Creator Journey there are&nbsp; two reasons why I wanted to learn how to film&nbsp;&nbsp; by myself I didn't want to bother anybody&nbsp; and they didn't want to rely on anybody&nbsp;&nbsp; we can unpack that later truthfully it can be such&nbsp; a pain when all you want to do is create something&nbsp;&nbsp; but you constantly have to wait for help it was&nbsp; a huge point of friction for me that I knew that&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to figure out if I not only want to keep&nbsp; sharing my work on a consistent basis but also&nbsp;&nbsp; for the sake of just not putting a stopper&nbsp; whenever I would get a spark of creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; the last few years I've had my fair share of&nbsp; trials and tribulations trying to figure out how&nbsp;&nbsp; to achieve the vision in my head while shooting&nbsp; solo and create a process around it most of the&nbsp;&nbsp; videos that I shoot on this channel are by myself&nbsp; so today I want to share a few tricks that I've&nbsp;&nbsp; learned over the past couple of years creating&nbsp; content filming solo for my own videos and keep&nbsp;&nbsp; it simple enough that you can Implement them&nbsp; today in your videos if you want to we are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to cover gear lighting and even how to use your&nbsp; visuals for better storytelling let's get into it&nbsp;&nbsp; all right so we're gonna film most of this in my&nbsp; house today because chances are if you're watching&nbsp;&nbsp; this you don't want to go outside but anything&nbsp; can be applied to wherever you decide to film&nbsp;&nbsp; things you will need a camera this is the&nbsp; question I actually get most on this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; recently about a month ago I got the Sony&nbsp; fx3 it is literally my dream camera and I've&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted it for so long but up until getting the&nbsp; fx3 I was actually filming on the Sony a7s II&nbsp;&nbsp; this is literally seven or eight years old at&nbsp; this point it's so beat up on the brink it is&nbsp;&nbsp; hanging on for dear life things are coming off&nbsp; no flip screen scuffs and scratches this thing&nbsp;&nbsp; has been with me through the trenches and I was&nbsp; filming with this up until around a month ago so&nbsp;&nbsp; if I could film on this you can film on anything&nbsp; as for lunges I like using the 24 to 70 when I&nbsp;&nbsp; have to go get b-roll it's just a very versatile&nbsp; lens I'm gonna need a tripod of some sort I like&nbsp;&nbsp; this one because you could also do a top-down&nbsp; shot with it so right now all you need is the&nbsp;&nbsp; camera and a tripod and you know a lens if you&nbsp; have a DSLR so now I'm going to show you some&nbsp;&nbsp; things that I personally use you don't need them&nbsp; but when I'm filming alone I use them all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; since we're filming by yourself a good thing to&nbsp; get would be some sort of external monitor this&nbsp;&nbsp; one is just a cheap one off of Amazon there's&nbsp; also other options if you are capturing audio&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're talking to the camera or you want to&nbsp; get some sounds you're gonna need a mic of some&nbsp;&nbsp; kind I use this teeny one from Sony this is the&nbsp; E CM P10 you can also use a lav mic like so this&nbsp;&nbsp; pack comes with two let me show you how it works&nbsp; so you can stand as far from the camera as you&nbsp;&nbsp; want I'm literally in the freaking corner right&nbsp; now and you can hear me pretty good usually you&nbsp;&nbsp; just like thread this through your shirt all right&nbsp; next up if you're a baller then you can get one of&nbsp;&nbsp; these this is a motorized slider and this one is&nbsp; from GBM I have had this for the past maybe three&nbsp;&nbsp; years it has served me well I use this all the&nbsp; time it's hard when you film by yourself and you&nbsp;&nbsp; want some movement so I invested in a motorized&nbsp; slider they come in different lengths as well if&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have that much like storage room it's&nbsp; basically you get one of these there's a cable&nbsp;&nbsp; that connects to this and then you just set your&nbsp; speed and whatever else and you can also use it&nbsp;&nbsp; manually as well it's my assistant when I need&nbsp; help on videos and no one's around I'll link&nbsp;&nbsp; all my gear in the description below Philly&nbsp; of course if you want to support the channel there are so many aspects to filmmaking story art&nbsp; Direction composition tone and of course lighting&nbsp;&nbsp; so once I know where I want to film the first&nbsp; thing I look at is lighting this is my office&nbsp;&nbsp; literally I clean it out for this example not&nbsp; very bright in here at the moment but there is a&nbsp;&nbsp; very strong light Ray focusing on lighting is the&nbsp; one thing that is going to transform your footage&nbsp;&nbsp; and give it that cinematic quality maybe this&nbsp; means waking up early for a soft Morning Light&nbsp;&nbsp; or catching golden hour in the late afternoon if&nbsp; you invested in some lights then that's great but&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes it can be as simple as placing your&nbsp; camera in the right spot today we are going to&nbsp;&nbsp; use a window which everybody has access to so for&nbsp; our example today I'm sitting in front of a window&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm on my 24 to 70 lens 50 millimeter focal length&nbsp; right now and as you can see the window is blown&nbsp;&nbsp; now not a great image however just by changing&nbsp; the placement of our tripod we can go from this&nbsp;&nbsp; to this and it is already a world of a difference&nbsp; it's obviously not perfect there's a lot more&nbsp;&nbsp; things that we can do you can add some diffusion&nbsp; to soften the light even more but this is a good&nbsp;&nbsp; place to start and A good rule of thumb when&nbsp; you are say on location or in a place where&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have a lot of gear with you or no&nbsp; gear at all so this is an easy way to get a&nbsp;&nbsp; more cinematic feel just by moving our camera&nbsp; placement we can create more Shadows all you&nbsp;&nbsp; really have to pay attention to is the angle&nbsp; in which the lighting is hitting you so this&nbsp;&nbsp; is more of like a 45 and this would be better for&nbsp; like a talking head if you were to film something&nbsp;&nbsp; like that but yeah if I'm filming like b-roll&nbsp; or something this is really good learning how&nbsp;&nbsp; to light can be intimidating in a whole Beast of&nbsp; its own it's a little harder to rely on natural&nbsp;&nbsp; light but it's great once you know how to shape&nbsp; it and frame for it now let's talk about coverage&nbsp;&nbsp; this means getting a variety of shots for the&nbsp; scene you are filming I'm not gonna lie this&nbsp;&nbsp; takes a long time I'm preparing you however it&nbsp; is always worth it because this is what is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to immerse your viewer into the scene get that&nbsp; long shot that medium long shot that Medium shot&nbsp;&nbsp; that Medium close-up that close-up different&nbsp; perspectives things in your environment do not&nbsp;&nbsp; Overlook that stuff when you are visually telling&nbsp; a story whoever is watching needs context where&nbsp;&nbsp; in the world are you in an easy way to do this&nbsp; like many movies before us you can start with&nbsp;&nbsp; an establishing shot this can be a wide shot&nbsp; it can also be an aerial shot and if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; like me and you can't fly a drone to save your&nbsp; life then you can also find aerial shots using&nbsp;&nbsp; storyblocks is a stock footage and media&nbsp; library that creators can access with a&nbsp;&nbsp; monthly or annual subscription and they are&nbsp; also the first ever sponsors of this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; so thank you storyblocks I can't tell you how&nbsp; many times using their subscription has saved&nbsp;&nbsp; me both time and resources when creating videos&nbsp; with one subscription you have unlimited access&nbsp;&nbsp; to all the files that you need including stock&nbsp; footage sound effects motion graphic templates&nbsp;&nbsp; and more even film textures to overlay on&nbsp; your videos such as a personal favorite of&nbsp;&nbsp; mine whether you are a Creator or freelancer&nbsp; or business they have a plan for everyone all&nbsp;&nbsp; royalty free and safe to use no matter where you&nbsp; distribute your projects getting a variety of&nbsp;&nbsp; shots while filming on your own is the one thing&nbsp; that is going to take ages so if you're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; to save a bit of time while still adding that&nbsp; production quality to your videos then you can&nbsp;&nbsp; check out the link in the description and head&nbsp; over to storyblocks.com life of Riza to sign up at the end of the day filmmaking&nbsp; is a tool to help better convey the&nbsp;&nbsp; story you're trying to tell every shot&nbsp; should be purposeful if you're talking&nbsp;&nbsp; something then show it if you decide to move&nbsp; the camera then what's the motivation behind it&nbsp;&nbsp; make creative decisions that Aid what's already&nbsp; going on in the scene these are visual cues to&nbsp;&nbsp; let whoever's watching know how to feel or what&nbsp; to watch out for I know it sounds cliche but&nbsp;&nbsp; learn how to enjoy the process often you hear&nbsp; people say it's worth it when you see the final&nbsp;&nbsp; product but genuinely I have learned to love the&nbsp; filming process of it because it takes up so much&nbsp;&nbsp; of my time especially if I'm filming by myself&nbsp; if I'm trying to figure out things for the first&nbsp;&nbsp; time there's always going to be limitations when&nbsp; filming yourself but there are ways that you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make it more enjoyable find what works for you&nbsp; and the way you like to work and I promise it&nbsp;&nbsp; will be such a better experience when you take the&nbsp; time to figure out how you like to create you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not always going to get the perfect conditions&nbsp; or the perfect lighting you're gonna miss some&nbsp;&nbsp; shots and have to go back you'll wear the same&nbsp; clothes for four days in a row and run back for&nbsp;&nbsp; your camera countless times but eventually you'll&nbsp; be more Adept to thinking these things on the Fly&nbsp;&nbsp; the more you shoot and the more you edit being&nbsp; a filmmaker is also being a problem solver and&nbsp;&nbsp; trust me there will be a lot of problems you're&nbsp; gonna have to solve and now I have found a system&nbsp;&nbsp; where I actually find it quite relaxing to film by&nbsp; myself there's something almost meditative about&nbsp;&nbsp; it I put on some music and I set up my lights&nbsp; I set up my frame and I get to it enjoying&nbsp;&nbsp; it just makes it easy to get into flow and&nbsp; sometimes you'll even capture some magic foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @moonchansrealm [2 likes]: do i have a great camera?
- no
do i have a great microphone?
- no
did i still watch this video?
- yes 🤚🏻🥺
  2. @ThroughJesusLens [1 likes]: This video feels absolutely amazing ❤Well done Riza and thank you 🙏🏾
  3. @Rudeus97-l7i [1 likes]: Honestly, one of the best tutorials about filmmaking
  4. @kaushikalugalla3270 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  5. @ujjwalvea [1 likes]: Really helpful video bro😊
  6. @JavohirSharipovOfficial [1 likes]: Is the Sigma 18–50mm f/2.8 lens a good option? I have a Sony ZV-E10 Mark II— is my combination good?
  7. @Nithyatries [1 likes]: I loved this, thank you so much for sharing!!
  8. @MF96960 [1 likes]: Really great video! How about coloring? Are you using LUTS?
  9. @KoipdresruodoMoipdresyisyio [1 likes]: You explained this so well, thank you!
  10. @thecreativesparks-fly [1 likes]: you are so good at filming
  11. @kittinsarahbarbosa3367: since when did you startt, is it too late to start now?
  12. @BobGerald-xl1in: your camera is 8 years old mine is 16 years old 😭and filming on it, it genuinely so bad but i make it work and the videos are actually super good
  13. @3star_living_anu: Hey..,
The first time I watched your video and was a little surprised your room looked like my room 😊.🤜🤛
  14. @Nahturally: The Sony A7S3 isn't even a bad camera
  15. @inhighdefinition1111: Im not sure if you know how meaningful this video is for me. I’ve never heard of someone explain the troublesome process of refilming and how time consuming it is and how it’s a process that can eventually become meditative as long as you find what works for you and you keep trying. Your video, your experience, your determination, and storytelling are super inspiring to me as an aspiring filmmaker
  16. @emanrandom121: My biggest issue is connecting it all in a edit. My editing needs help
  17. @The_IndoorGardener: Do you have any plans to make a course?
  18. @GIO-g4r: Gemini recommended your video to me. By the way, you have a beautiful smile
  19. @krisnendubiswas3374: I read it how to find yourself and be cinematic about it
  20. @amen.bantawa.ruchenbung: How sweet of you thank you so much ❤❤❤❤❤

- How to Film a Talking Head Video: Skillshare Class Preview: Kind: captions Language: en one of the most valuable skills that you can learn as a video creator is how to talk in front of the camera whether you're just starting out or you have experience this class will have insights on how to efficiently and effectively film yourself for a talking head video like this one hi my name is Scott Lew and I'm a video Creator on YouTube I've created over 100 videos at this point and I'm here to share my knowledge on how I personally record talking head videos in this class you'll go through three essential components of filming yourself number one camera and composition we'll start with how to dial in the best settings for your camera and how to achieve a good composition we'll also talk about the best lenses for talking head videos and teleprompters also note that throughout each lesson I'll be covering all the equipment I use and recommend number two audio I'll cover how to properly set up a boom microphone optimize the levels and use proper microphone technique I'll also discuss the importance of using backups and other microphone options for talking head videos number three lighting we'll take a look at the three-point lighting system and how to sure your image looks clean and pleasing I'll also include a checklist of everything you need to do right before the recording aside from those three main components we'll also cover some mental challenges that come about when you're trying to record yourself in addition to all of that I'll give you tips on the two different styles of talking head videos scripted and freestyle and finally I'll go over how I edit a talking head video from start to finish it'll be one of my more in-depth editing tutorials I've done so far the class project will be to create your own talking head video there will be a lesson assignment for each of the lessons so be sure to follow along if you want to make the best out of this class there's also a worksheet available for download that outlines the class and class project so be sure to download that talking head videos are a staple of YouTube and one of the most common video types out there by the end of this class you'll have all the knowledge you need to confidently make your own so let's get started hi guys that was just a preview to my latest skillshare class I'll leave a link down below for a 30 day free trial of skillshare if you're interested in checking it out and also in my previous video I'm mentioned that I would give away a one year premium membership for skillshare for someone who commented about what they wanted to learn on skillshare so congratulations to Abdul you mentioned that you wanted to learn book reading techniques communication skills and videography simply email me at Scott dreamlipblue.com and we'll go from there anyways I appreciate the comment and good luck with all that you want to learn for now I'm going to take a break from creating skillshare classes and get back into creating for YouTube so I hope to see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @likeabosssavage3055: I want to learn how to make YouTube videos

- Behind the scenes of filming interviews, How I film talking heads: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey friends well here and today I am in the noisiest most echo east conference room that I've ever had to film in and I'm doing some talking heads for liquid light for a pitch video that we're doing I just thought I'd take a second just to talk you through the kit that I'm using today leaders who know I use all of the time on there I've got the Panasonic like a 25 millimeter f-14 lens and I'm shooting about f11 title to this so this is a sort of slightly wider shot these the background bit of visual interest we've got a B camera which is the Canon 700d with the can 50 millimeter F one point four lens so this is my old camera I'm still using it I would prefer to have something a little bit better match color wise with the Panasonic camera but this is doing a great job for now and then onto lighting I'm using two eight perceptive daylight with a really cheap light umbrella so this is kind of acting as my key light and then just set off a little bit of film on the darker side of the face we've got the aperture mal m9 which is tiny little not and the video light I put a tiny little paper diffuser and I've got that as long as it would go just to offer a tiny little bit of light onto the side of the face I didn't really need a rim light because as I said we've got the blinds directly behind which is really breaking the talent they're subjected for video off the background so that's right and then for audio I'm using rode videomic pro I've had to use the low pass filter on this today to try and reduce some of the reverb that you can hear in the room and then I'm running the vent into the zoom h1 which we've got just down here on one of these can be little clumps attached to my tripod so that's running the audio separately that will allow me to sync the audio camera a you and cam would be and I'll be using most account editing to put these clips together I've done a video on that so I'll link that up here as well as so you can check that out and yeah that's pretty much it challenging environment today with the audio but I think the results will be pretty good and I'm looking forward to getting edited so that's it today thanks for watching if you liked the video give it a thumbs up if you like kind of filmmaking cameras that kind of thing then do check out my other videos and maybe subscribe to the channel and other than that thanks for watching and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @WillChidlow [3 likes]: Hey Friends! Thanks for watching! So sorry about the terrible sound in this video, I’d normally mic up but was very short on time during this shoot so just had to go for it and hope for the best! I hope it doesn’t detract from the content too much and I promise I’ll do better next time! 🤗 Hope you found this video informative and helpful?! What setup do you use for interview style videos? drop me a comment and let me know 👍
  2. @ArtByEmilyHare [2 likes]: Looking great! I will be watching your other videos to help me when I do my own :) x
  3. @cocoscott1898 [1 likes]: Thanks super helpful
  4. @kendue81 [1 likes]: Awesome setup
  5. @jwarren462 [1 likes]: Great video! How were you able to minimize or even eliminate the echo from the room in post-production? EchoRemover plug-in?
  6. @deanpettitt121 [1 likes]: Good job fella!
  7. @WillPhipps [1 likes]: Welcome back! Great video as always

- I Tested Every Talking Head Gear Setup So You Don't Have To: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to show you all the gear I use to create static talking head videos like this one. And then to add some motion, I'll also show the gear that I use to create moving videos like this one. Let's get started. [Music] Having a storytelling element in every video you put out is important, no matter how long your video is. So, your video should have a clear beginning, middle, and end. and that will keep the viewer engaged and they'll want to watch till the end to see what the ending is. Another way to make a video interesting is to also include different types of scenes or motion into your video. So whether I'm doing client work or something here in the YouTube studio, I typically have a talking head static shot like this, but I also incorporate B-roll into those videos or different types of movement. And when I'm going out and shooting with a client, I don't have the luxury of having an entire studio to work in. So today, I'm going to break down all the gear that I take with me on these shoots. If you have followed me for a long time, you know that my setup is typically very small. And now, in the example I'm going to share with you today, I have put out a different video, a complete breakdown of the talking head portion of the video, how I set up my lighting, hair lighting, um the camera I use, all that type of stuff. also the audio. Um, I'm going to place a link to that video above uh so that you can do a more deep dive if you are interested. But for today, we're going to cover static talking head shots. Also, if you want to do any movement on site with your client, let's take a look at all the gear that I bring with me. I I'm on a personal mission that probably nobody on this earth is aware of except for me. But I constantly am trying to find the smallest amount of gear to take with me, make it as light as possible. And you're going to notice that I use wheels as much as possible. So that's why I'm going with this hard shelled wheeled case. This looks more like a piece of luggage than it does a camera case, but I really like this case because you can stack equipment on it or you're carrying it around. Uh it just it's just easier to maneuver in and out of the car and on site when I'm with a client. Uh I'll place a link to everything that I cover in this video down below. Uh but this has turned out to be one of my favorite camera cases. When it comes to shooting static talking head videos, I love to go with this carbonfiber Benroe tripod. Uh this is a fulllength tripod. It can also be used as a tabletop tripod. You can remove this center rod and actually get this tripod very low to the ground if you want. Uh, but I really love this tripod and I'm going to pair this with my Sony FX3 and my Sigma 24 to 70 mm f2.8 lens. Whenever I'm walking into a situation where I'm not quite sure what the setup is going to look like, I'm going to take a zoom lens with me like the 24 to 70. It's such a great versatile lens that you can use it in most situations. That f/2.oint aperture is going to give you nice blurry background if you'd like. And then I can adjust not only my tripod but also my framing using this Sigma lens. Now you'll notice on the top for audio I am going with a wireless microphone. In this case I am using the road wireless pro. You can use any wireless microphone that you like, but this is the system that I typically use on these shoots. The reason why I'm going with the Road Wireless Pros is because they record in 32-bit float. So again, because I am typically in situations where I can't always predict what's going to be happening, like if there are uh landscapers outside while we're trying to shoot in the office or while we're walking around outside, if there isn't like music being piped through wherever we're shooting or uh people walking around and talking. So by recording in 32-bit float, I do have the extra flexibility to optimize that audio as much as possible. And then of course, you can record internally to the microphone. So, if I ever need an audio backup, I can always turn to that recording if needed. When it comes to incorporating moving shots into my setup, all I do is I swap out my 24 to 70 mm lens. I'm still going to use the FX3 and also the same wireless microphone setup and I'm going to turn to the Sony 16 to 25mm f2.8 lens. Now, this is a smaller size lens. There is a 16 to35 out there. It's going to give you more range. But the next component that I use for my moving shots is a gimbal. I use the DJI RS4 Mini as my gimbal. I absolutely love this gimbal. It's my favorite gimbal that I've ever owned. And the reason why I use that 16 to 25mm lens is because it's a little smaller in size than the 16 to35. So you can see that this setup is nice and compact. If you do want to zoom in and out uh using your lens, you can see that the lens doesn't get too much larger in size if you do that. Uh on the front of my lens, you're going to notice that I do use a variable ND filter. This one is by Nissi. I really love this ND filter because it doesn't have any vignetting or it doesn't add any weird tones to your footage. Uh, you definitely want to use an ND filter if you want to be outdoors. And that way, if it's a sunny day like you're seeing in the footage I'm sharing with you today, you can really lock in your exposure using an ND filter. are reasons why I love the DJI RS4 Mini so much is because once it's balanced and I typically balance my camera on my gimbal before I even leave my house and then that way all I have to do is place the camera on the gimbal and it's all balanced and ready to go. So, what's great about this gimbal is you can turn it on and now you're ready to shoot. And then if you need to lock the gimbal, all you have to do is click the power button once and it's going to lock everything in place. And then if you need to stow your gimbal with the camera still on, all you have to do is hold down the power button and this gimbal is going to fold up nice and compact and light. Now, often times we're moving around. We're moving from one location to another location. I just cannot even explain how nice it is to have a gimbal that will lock and then that way your camera's secure, all your equipment is secure, and it's just easier to go from point A to point B and still have all of your equipment together. It's assembled and it's ready to go. Other great thing about the RS4 Mini is this AI tracking component. All you do is attach this to the gimbal. And what happens is is if your client holds up either a hand like this or you can change the setting to a peace sign, well, it's going to track the person directly in the middle of the screen. So, this is very helpful if you're having to do a large amount of walking, if you're walking next to someone, or oftentimes I'm walking backwards. And uh this AI functionality does allow for you to continue tracking the person in frame. So this is just one less thing that you do have to worry about uh while you're out on a video shoot with a client and it just makes things super helpful. So all the gear that I pack for the shoot is one Sony FX3. I've got two lenses. So the 16 to 25mm f2.8 8 and then also the Sigma 24 to 70 mm f2.8. I do bring my Nissi variable ND filter. Next up are the road wireless go microphones. Now these microphones do come in a case that will charge your microphones and your receiver. If you do have a long video shoot that day, this is super helpful. And then of course I bring my Benro carbon fiber tripod and also my DJI RS4 Mini. This is a general rundown of the type of equipment that I take with me on most shoots. So even if you aren't anticipating having to do any gimbal shots, I just always take that with me. And you know, in turn, I always bring my variable ND filter with me because, uh, more often times than not, although I think I'm going to be shooting indoors all day, uh, it never fails. I'm outside, I'm outdoors, or I'm in some sort of a situation where I need something like a variable ND, uh, never fails. So, this is a kit that covers most everything, but I am curious to learn from you. Is there anything that I missed? Let me know in the comments below. And don't forget, uh, I do have a complete breakdown video of how I shoot the static talking head portion of these videos in a office setting, how I set up my lighting and and all that good stuff. So, make sure that you take a look at that video. And thanks again for tuning in. As always, I'll see you again in next week's

  Top Comments:
  1. @kriedholm [1 likes]: What is the must-have gear that you use for capturing talking head videos?
  2. @tiemji: Thanks for sharing. Gives some good ideas
  3. @Mentube_YT: Hey @kriedholm !!  I have a question for you regarding YT studio. I know it’s off subject but I’d like to chat with you for 5 min. Thanks. Happy 4th of July 🎉🎉🎉

- Watch BEFORE buying a light for video & filmmaking: Kind: captions Language: en to shoot professional content lighting is everything but what light should you buy you could get a single point light source you could get an LED panel light you could get a tube light like this or you could get a ring light oh wait no no no no don't get a ring light but what about modifiers you could get a traditional softbox you could get a lantern you could get a diffusion panel or you can get a silk sheet so in this video we're going to make very specific recommendations on exactly what type of light you should buy but before we do that we need to touch on some of the core elements that actually make up good lighting and the first one that you absolutely need to know before making a purchase is the difference between hard light and soft light so this is what hard light looks like and believe it or not if you were to go online and buy a light right now odds are when you take it out of the box and you turn it on it's going to look like this it's not going to be flattering we really want to avoid hard light when it comes to lighting our subjects now to contrast to the hard light you just saw this is what soft light looks like it's super flattering it's not going to show off the wrinkles on my face or any other imperfections and the gradual fallof between the highlights and the Shadows is just much nicer now like I said a minute ago almost all lights are going to be hard straight out of the box we turn them into soft lights by doing two things the first is passing that light source through another medium like a soft box and then on top of that we can increase the softness of a light by making the overall light source larger now we just talked about soft boxes and how we pass light through that Medium but look at what also happens to the size of the light source when it's going through the soft box the entire size increases a ton which also contributes to the softness so we just talked about how increasing the size of your light source is going to add additional softness to it this is where the size of your soft box also comes into play ideally you want to get a huge soft box it's just going to make for a much softer light but you obviously have to consider the fact that larger soft boxes cost more money and you also have to have enough room to fit the soft box so what you're seeing right now is a 65 cm soft box from newer with a grid on it that makes the light even more directional now on the other hand this is a 120 CM soft box it is freaking massive and it's giving off a much softer light than the smaller one we had before not that this was bad but comparing and contrasting you can see big is better so size matters but distance also matters a ton because you can have a huge soft box like I have right now up close it's going to give you an amazing light but watch what happens as Luke begins to move that soft box back so before it was about an arms length away now it's probably 3 to Four Arms lengths away it's obviously gotten dimmer because we're not anywhere near as close but the light's also getting harder because in proximity to me that light source is now smaller so to summarize all this in a perfect world you want the biggest soft box possible as close to your subject as possible and if you have to move your softbox further away you want to make that light source bigger and bigger this is why in Hollywood movies and huge commercial sets they have massive diffusion sources causing their light sources to be huge it's also why the Sun the largest light in our solar system is actually a hard light because it's just so freaking far away so that's the difference between hard and soft light and how we use diffusion forces like soft boxes to achieve the soft look but soft boxes aren't the only way to get light to be soft and this brings us to the next core element of lighting which is what's the best modifier for you so we touched on it but up first you have soft boxes these are like the All American diffusion kit they come in tons of different shapes and styles from octabox to parabolic to rectangular and strip for the most part all you need to know is that these make your light soft and you want to get the biggest one that's going to fit in your filming space the other thing on top of that is the grid system that you can see on the softbox this is actually an attachment and all it does is it focuses the light you can see in some of the examples we're showing right now with the grid attached we control the light spill and we focus it way more on the subject without the grid you're going to see that light spilling onto the walls the background it is just a less focused scene which isn't always bad in fact sometimes people opt for that and that's when they would get something like a lantern soft box this is very different it's covered in diffusion mat material all around what that's going to do is cast light in all different directions it's going to light an entire scene it's great for multiple people that all need to be lit when you only have one light source and on top of that due to the size and shape of this thing you are going to get an incredibly soft light and it really does look good but you need to be aware it's going to spill everywhere and then last but not least a traditional style of diffusing light is using a diffusion panel like this usually it's silk nylon tons of different material IAL this is from a 5 in1 reflector kit you can get it for like $20 on Amazon all you need to do is place this in between your subject and your light you're going to get really nice diffusion it's helpful because it's really thin and this can fit in some areas where maybe one of these two just wouldn't be an option just keep in mind if you use this or any other type of nylon sheet you're going to need another human being to hold it or you're going to need another stand with this actually clipped onto [Music] it now the third thing you need to be aware of when buying a high quality light is the right color mode for you now generally speaking there are three types of color modes that you want to be aware of the first one is daylight balanced now this light is capable of doing all three modes but we're going to walk through each one individually so if you buy a daylight balance light this is all you're going to get 5600 Kelvin it's called daylight balance it's the same color temperature as the sun and even though you're limited in flexibility this is going to be a budget friendly color temperature to buy in most of the talking head videos you see on the internet especially on YouTube they're all filmed at this color temperature now the second type of color mode is by color and what this allows you to do is shift the color temperature between cool white and very warm white you can see I have a little dial on the back here and I can switch the color temperature and now we have a much warmer light outside of being able to create different styles in looks with the more flexible color temperatures this is really key when you're filming in an area that has different temperature lights and when we're filming in my kitchen we can show exactly how this works normally I'm using a 5600 Kelvin light but we have these orange pendant lights in the background and because these two colors just clash with each other makes the entire background look crazy orange with a by color light as my key light I'm able to turn the color temperature down to match the warmer color temperature of those background lights now both the background and the foreground look orange but this is where we can change the white balance setting on our camera to match that same color temperature 2700 Kelvin essentially telling our camera to interpret that as natural white which balances out the entire scene so now hopefully you can see the benefit of by color is the ability to match other lights in your scene and have greater control the only drawbacks of bolor Lights is that a they're usually more expensive and B you're actually going to miss out on some of the output or light intensity compared to a daylight only balanced light and this is actually really easy to see with this led panel when you you look at this array we have all these individual LEDs when I change the color temperature you can actually see certain LEDs turning off and others turning on and that is because half of the LEDs are warm and half of them are cool so at any given point you're only using half of the actual LEDs on this light if you put it exactly in the middle you can see most of the LEDs are on we can kind of get it to a point where there's more LEDs than not but overall you're going to have to sacrifice a little bit on the output when buying a bolor light then finally the third color mode when buying a light is full color RGB I can hit the mode button on the back here with full color RGB lights you have the ability to essentially change the actual color to be anything that you want red green blue and everything in between this is super cool because it gives you a lot of creative control you can use this in the background of your scenes to evoke different emotions and overall it's just a ton of flexibility the only negative of a light like this is they're usually going to be much more expensive than daylight only and by color lights all right now we can finally talk about core element number four when buying a high quality light and that's the actual type of Light which one is right for you now I know I joked about it earlier in this video but we should talk about why ring lights aren't really on this list generally speaking they're just not made of highquality Lights these can kind of cast awkward color tones on your skin which don't make you look good they're also small and hard light sources that are hard to diffuse because they don't have Universal mounting options on them you can't just attach a soft box to a ring light and then finally they're also designed to have a smartphone mounted right in the center of the Ring meaning the light is going to blast you right in the face this is called broad lighting which traditionally in film isn't a cinematic look instead you want to light off to the side like I have now creating a bright side and a dark side of your face this creates more depth which is a more cinematic look the first is a single point light this is probably the most purchased light amongst the YouTuber and kind of professional freelance videographer Community they are extremely versatile you can get them on a great budget and my favorite thing about them is the fact that they have the universal Bowen mount on the front these are a really simple design but they essentially allow you to buy any softbox or light modifier on the internet and attach it to your light without having to worry about brand compatibility this means you get a ton of power out of these lights and a lot of flexibility as to what you're capable of doing with it now after single point lights I would say the next most popular is something like this right here this is an LED panel now the way I look at comparing these two comes down to a few simple things the first is that straight out of the box this is a much larger light source compared to this one and remember back to the beginning of this video larger light sources are typically softer so straight out of the box when you turn this guy on it's going to be slightly softer than this light but I don't want you to think that this is just going to be like amazing soft and super flattering you're still going to need to add more diffusion to it now this brings me to one of my major Cons with LED panels is that they don't have that Universal bow mount so adding diffusion to this although very easy and still possible it is a little bit more difficult you either need to get a custom softbox that's made specifically for the LED panel or you need to get some sort of separate modifier like a diffusion panel a silk or a nylon sheet have that mounted on another stand and then you have a diffuse light so all that aside the major benefit of LED panels compared to single point light sources is this right here look at how thin this one is compared to this and I think most people should buy a single point light unless you're in an area where space is very restricted and you can't fit something like a single point light with a soft ball then you could get whoa ho ho what do we got going on here turn that guy off then you could get one of these maybe mount a very slim diffusion panel in front of it and you have a better space- saving lighting kit and then finally we have the tube lights like this TL 120c is that what it is I forget the actual name we'll have it linked below tube lights are extremely versatile they're usually pretty large and have a relatively soft light I'd say softer than both of these Straight Out of the Box depending on how big the tube light is I love tube lights I don't think they should be your first light you should probably get one of these but if you're looking for your second or or maybe your third light and you want something that you can use as a practical light in the scene you can use to light your background or as a corner light just something that's going to fit in all of these different weird places that traditional lights wouldn't be able to tube lights are great and they're definitely gaining popularity and I highly recommend this model from newer okay those are the core four elements that you should be aware of right now we're going to Rapid Fire some secondary things to consider before finally bringing this home with some Ultra specific recommendations based on the type of content you're trying to film okay rapid fire starting now while you're searching for lights you will see two specs called the CRI and the tlci these stand for color rendering index and television lighting consistency index it's basically a measurement of the color accuracy of your light both are measured on a scale of 0 to 100 and ideally you want the light that you purchase to be at 95 and up for both specs thankfully nowadays most lights are at or above these requirements after that we have the wattage in light output wattage is a measurement of the total amount of power that the light will draw as it runs and typically speaking the higher the wattage the more output in light intensity that the light will have output is measured in Lux at a certain distance usually 1 M so for an example 4,000 Lux at 1 meter it's going to be more than enough for YouTube videos like this or talking head interviews 30,000 Lux at 1 meter is very bright enough to fully illuminate a very big space and then 90,000 Lux at 1 meter is enough to wake pick up a demon from the underworld this is what you'd use to essentially mimic the sun in an outdoor shoot where the natural light from the sun had already faded now speaking of power draw the next thing we need to talk about is the ability to work off of a battery if you're always filming indoors next to an outlet it's not really a huge concern for you but if you're ever going to be in a situation where you're away from power outlets it would make sense to have a light that can work off of a battery some lights have internal batteries built in that'll work for a couple hours other have the ability to work off of Industry standard batteries like Sony NP or vmount batteries this is nice cuz you can stack up a ton of them and make sure that the light will work for hours up next you're going to want to consider if you need special lighting effects modes a lot of modern lights nowadays have these different modes built into them that mirror unique lighting scenarios in real life like cop cars candl light or fires Paparazzi taking a picture dance parties that sort of thing these definitely aren't essential but if you're filming more narrative style stuff they are very helpful up next we have to talk about an app interface a lot of lights nowadays actually have these apps that will allow you to control the light without having to touch the light not essential but definitely helpful if you're like me where you're constantly filming Yourself by yourself this way I can sit down I can pull up the app I can change the light intensity the color temperature any of that stuff while seeing how it looks on camera instead of having to go behind the light change the settings record a test clip review it and so on and so forth and that officially covers all of the primary and all of the secondary things that you need to be aware of prior to making an informed purchase now we can finally dive into those specific light recommendations but first if you found this style of in-depth training valuable hit that like And subscribe button and on top of that if you like this I definitely think you should check out our full online course for Content creators 14-day filmmaker it contains over 150 streamlined video tutorials walking through every single aspect of the content creation process from the technical side of what's the best gear to use the right camera settings how to light like a pro capture cinematic movements record and edit high quality audio how to tell captivating stories and an insane amount of editing training that will take you from a beginner to an absolute ninja included in this course are individual bonus courses that talk about mastering the process of shooting and editing on your smartphone a deep dive course on professional cameras and an entire curriculum on mastering YouTube covering how to get tons of views and build an amazing subscriber base lifetime access to all of that and the weekly Q&A calls that I personally host the bonus sound effects the editing cheat sheets all of that is just $48 if you're interested and you want to learn more and maybe enroll the link to do so is in the description of this video which I think YouTube if you're on a desktop just moved it to the right hand side of your screen either way back to the recommendations let's start from the bottom and talk about the most affordable lighting kit that's actually worth the money for under $50 you can get the mount dog light and softbox kit if you're just getting started shooting videos for maybe a YouTube channel your social media or you're shooting interviews with local businesses this is going to get you moving in the right direction the softbox is big enough to really give off a flattering soft light it's got enough power to light up a subject assuming you've got it relatively close to the person and it's also byy color which really is what sets this apart from most other lights in the same price range most other lights are daylight only not to mention the light also comes with a light stand these are usually sold separately and its own carrying case now for those of you looking to get a more professional setup the next light I'd point you towards is the newer CB 60b coming in at around $130 this is still a super affordable light All Things Considered but compared to the Mount dog kit we've really cranked up the power and features quite a bit with 70 W power draw this light can produce 34,000 Lux at 1 meter which is extremely bright for a light of this size and price and it's also a bicolor light due to the fact that it's a single point light source it's going to have that Universal Bowen Mount so you can attach practically any softbox or modifier it's going to be compatible with the newer app which means you can control it from your smartphone and it has 12 built-in lighting effect modes like lightning Paparazzi Candle Light TV screen and more now do keep in mind with this light it doesn't include a softbox so that's something you're going to need to purchase separately speaking of which though what type of softbox should you buy well I think if you're a YouTuber a traditional 90 CM octagon softbox is perfect now if you want to splurge a little bit more and you have a big bigger space to film in you could use the 120 CM option that I use it's going to give you a softer light source but you definitely want to consider just how big this thing is make sure it's going to fit in your space and you're also going to need a heavier duty light stand like a SE stand to keep it from tipping over now if you're anything like me and you actually hate light stands because they clutter up your filming area you can get these newer wall mounts I have two of them in my office and I absolutely love them now if you still need even more power than that maybe you're in a huge room and you just need a lot of light the newer CB 100c is actually one of the lights that I use and it is incredible it gives you all the same features as the previous light we covered but it's more powerful and it's also full color RGB now changing Dynamic here if you're in a tight space and size is really going to be an issue this is where a highquality LED panel will serve you nicely on the budget friendly side you've got the newer NL 288 LED panel this actually has diffusion built right into the LED panel which is nice I will say though don't expect it to it as soft as the earlier options with larger soft boxes but as a compromise with the smaller form factor it's definitely a great option and it's also byy color which is great now if you have a little bit more money to spend on an LED panel my personal favorite and the one that I use is the amaran p6c Aman is definitely a slightly more expensive brand but they're going to give you super high quality build quality the light output is really powerful for something of this size at 5,900 Lux it has tons of built-in special effects modes and it's full RGB giving you total control of whatever color you want to create but overall my favorite aspect of this led panel is that it's one of the only LED panels that comes with a dedicated softbox and grid system this means you're going to have a much much softer light source compared to all the other LED panels with built in diffusion or none whatsoever okay moving on let's say you're in a scenario where you've got multiple people that you need to light and you've only got one light this is where a lantern softbox would come into play just keep in mind you're going to want to get a single point light source with a Bowen Mount to use the lantern lanterns are also really good for Real Estate shoots where you want to light up an entire room with a nice soft light they're also really great for talking head looks they're just a different style than the soft box and grid system we talked about earlier the scene you're watching right now is actually me using a lantern and it's Ultra Soft I love how it looks but you know it does really light up the whole room then finally I know we talked about tube lights earlier and I already covered how it's probably not the best light if you're in the market for your first light but if you want something that's super super cool and versatile that you can use in tons of different scenes as both key lights fill lights even practical lights within the background they're just a ton of fun and I do think as a second or third light tube lights are crazy good options to look into that does it though as always links to all of this gear can be found in the description of the YouTube video other than that thanks so much for watching don't forget to check out 14-day filmmaker and I'll see you in the next one he's

  Top Comments:
  1. @existingbyproxy [1 likes]: This changed everything for me. Rarely does a YouTube video actually work lol. Thank you!!!
  2. @Jonathan-wm5ju [1 likes]: I already know all of this, but it took me many, many years to figure it out and spent a lot of money buying the wrong gear. This video is an absolute gem for anyone starting out, it will haunt me forever that i just stumbled upon it until now. Great video. Subscribed!
  3. @techforcreators-setordjiemedia: This video is really an inspiration.
  4. @algarsonn: What do you think about the - Godox ES45?
  5. @stephenmwanzake: So quality info here, a whole course. Thank you so much! Happy Creating!
  6. @aldwg: Thank you so much ❤
  7. @ravgav613: Great video for beginners like myself! Thank you!
  8. @user-df1hu6ux2n: Light umbrella link 🖇️
  9. @user-df1hu6ux2n: Link 🖇️
  10. @Semiplex: Wait, size matters?! 😥
  11. @Daaristudio: You guys have such good videos. Thanks a lot!
  12. @Dewabarasunderan: 5:47 The Sun's surface (the photosphere) has an effective temperature of approximately 5,778 K.
  13. @juanfragueiroaramburu: This channel deserves the world
  14. @vishwaprasadg: thanks man
  15. @Wesmosis: Great video, what about Godox ES45? Is it good for tight space zoom / YouTube head videos?
  16. @Blastarr1: what about the ms60c/b and ms150b/c lights?
  17. @KuKMIKI: I'm a game streamer looking for lighting that will even out my skin tone and blur minor imperfections. Space is tight. Which of these options would work best? 
Neewer NL288 diffused panel lights or Amaran P60c RGB panel LED?
  18. @Nursezaynab: I shoot in an entirely dark room without any light bulb, what kind of light do you suggest I buy?
  19. @HowToHomeLife: Skilled photographers, cinematographers, and videographers turn ugly and boring people, places, and objects into beautiful and exciting images through lighting, both natural and artificial!  David Riddle
  20. @DayyabaZakari-z7j: Loved this video, keep up the great work!

- What Lens Should You Be Using for Talking Head?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Casey Neistat often shoots super wide,&nbsp;&nbsp; 10-14mm.. Becky and Chris shoot long at 105mm..&nbsp; Peter McKinnon, Lizzie Pierce, Peter Lindgren,&nbsp;&nbsp; all at 24mm. You’ll usually see ME at 85mm. Your lens choice when shooting a video will&nbsp;&nbsp; cause the biggest change in how everything&nbsp; looks. WAY more than which camera you use,&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe on par with what type of&nbsp; and what style of lighting you use. Lets look at a few examples and Ill&nbsp; match them up with things youre used&nbsp;&nbsp; to seeing. We’ll start out wide - super&nbsp; super common lens is the 24mm.. I could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wrong about these shots, photographers&nbsp; are a sneaky bunch, but Im probably not - Starting out with Peter McKinnon.. He shoots&nbsp; his talking heads wide. Notice how you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see a lot of the background, as in more&nbsp; than one wall in whatever room hes in,&nbsp;&nbsp; which he changes up constantly, thats probably&nbsp; a good tip, I dont know.. Fairly often hes even&nbsp;&nbsp; holding the camera, but when hes not you&nbsp; can catch him making adjustments on the&nbsp;&nbsp; fly - and that makes it clear the camera&nbsp; is two or three feet in front of him,&nbsp;&nbsp; hence probably a 24mm, almost always lit&nbsp; Rembrandt style, where hes using a large&nbsp;&nbsp; light source off to one side.. This has&nbsp; become a super common talking head lens&nbsp;&nbsp; for when your personality is whats driving the&nbsp; content, rather than information or the story. Casey Neistat, when hes in his&nbsp; studio is another wide angle,&nbsp;&nbsp; im guessing 24mm shooter. You can see MOST of&nbsp; his office, most of the time and hes always&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of fussing with his camera while talking -&nbsp; zooming in and out. He has the camera really low,&nbsp;&nbsp; so hes looking down at it. He’ll occasionally&nbsp; switch to a SUPER wide view, this is maybe 10mm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and hes lit almost globally, from everywhere.&nbsp; He switches up his camera angle and focal&nbsp;&nbsp; length constantly so that a single shot never goes&nbsp; stale, but he stays really wide. When hes outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; hes using auto ISO - and you can tell because&nbsp; when he moves from the dark to the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; the camera automatically adjusts,&nbsp; but his motion blur stays the same,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the plane of focus doesnt change either. Those&nbsp; would be controlled by shutter speed and aperture. Becky and Chris, when theyre in their studio&nbsp; in front of one of their many temporary sets,&nbsp;&nbsp; often like a long lens. This is at&nbsp; least 100mm, and you can tell because,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though you can see both of them, they&nbsp; definitely can not reach out and touch the&nbsp;&nbsp; camera and you only see maybe 8 feet wide of&nbsp; the wall behind them. This would mean their&nbsp;&nbsp; camera is positioned something like 20 feet away&nbsp; from them, and its focal plane is super narrow. Back to Casey for a second, and you&nbsp; can see all three walls of the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see like 40 linear feet of wall in&nbsp; the background of the shot.. When you have a&nbsp;&nbsp; longer lens like becky and chris are using, they&nbsp; only need to dress up this one little portion&nbsp;&nbsp; of a wall.. And thats actually what they do a&nbsp; lot, is build little sets to talk in front of.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the sets are just a wall on wheels that they&nbsp; can make look a certain way to match their theme. I shoot more closely to those two - I love&nbsp; the look of a long lens. This shot here is&nbsp;&nbsp; at 85mm. The camera is about 15 feet in front&nbsp; of me, and since its a narrow focal length,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though Im in a large space - Im in a&nbsp; warehouse, I only have to control for about 20&nbsp;&nbsp; feet of the wall behind me. There is 80 other&nbsp; feet of unsightly, disgusting warehouse wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; But I put a tool chest, some baskets full of&nbsp; lights and then some color on the roll up door&nbsp;&nbsp; back there and thats it. If I move the camera even&nbsp; closer so its a tight shot of just my head and&nbsp;&nbsp; shoulders, the background will practically&nbsp; disappear into just amorphous colors and&nbsp;&nbsp; shapes. But if I shoot this same set through&nbsp; a super wide angle, like casey niestat does,&nbsp;&nbsp; now you have access to all the crap in&nbsp; every direction. The room certainly looks&nbsp;&nbsp; larger - I also feel like this makes my face&nbsp; look too weird and round. To each their own. Casey, and Peter have an entire room that they’ve&nbsp; curated to look a certain way and you have access&nbsp;&nbsp; to that entire room.. I have an utter mess in&nbsp; every direction except whats directly behind me. In between the telephoto shots of Becky&nbsp; and Chris and the wide shots of Peter&nbsp;&nbsp; and Casey - newer Lizzie Pierce videos&nbsp; look like she’s using either a 35mm or&nbsp;&nbsp; a 50mm lens. Its still wide-ish - but youre&nbsp; only getting 10-12 feet of her back wall,&nbsp;&nbsp; with a really soft look to it.. I’m going&nbsp; to put this at 50mm f/1.4 - and it looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like she’s using a ring light, just above her&nbsp; and to her left, stage right. If you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; figure out what sort of a light someone is&nbsp; using, take a peek at their eyeballs. You&nbsp;&nbsp; get a super good reflection off someones eye&nbsp; of the light source or sources theyre using. Zooming in to peter - you can see a big&nbsp; soft box.. And actually on this shot,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im pretty sure thats a second but much dimmer&nbsp; soft box on the other side as a fill light. Looking at Casey - you cant see his eyes&nbsp; obviously because of his sunglasses,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you CAN see that hes just sitting in&nbsp; front of a window, which is why hes totally&nbsp;&nbsp; evenly lit. Not always the most flattering&nbsp; lighting, but at least theres a ton of light. Tony and Chelsea Northrup choose to light from&nbsp; both sides - and you can see the catch light -&nbsp;&nbsp; thats what the light in someones eye is called, is&nbsp; way smaller in her eyes than with Peter McKinnon,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even lizzy pierce who’s not using a soft box..&nbsp; And you can look into her eyes and see that she’s&nbsp;&nbsp; using two lights - I think tony and chelsea are&nbsp; either using a hard light, with no diffusion,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the lights are just pretty far away&nbsp; from their faces.. This causes harsher&nbsp;&nbsp; shadows and more reflections on your&nbsp; skin. Then again, they also shoot at&nbsp;&nbsp; 60fps and upload technical reviews in&nbsp; 1080p which has always made me feel weird. Matti Haapoja, looking like a big soft box,&nbsp; here he is at probably 20mm (lots of background&nbsp;&nbsp; wall space), and here he is at probably&nbsp; 50mm, (very little background showing).. Peter Lindgren is shooting at 24mm, and his&nbsp; light is up high above him, facing down - which&nbsp;&nbsp; causes his eyes to be in shadow some of&nbsp; the time. This shot catches a reflection&nbsp;&nbsp; of the soft box on his glasses and you&nbsp; can see the grid pattern on the light,&nbsp;&nbsp; Peter is using that to ensure the light&nbsp; only hits him, and falls off to the right&nbsp;&nbsp; of frame so that he can keep the rest of this room&nbsp; very dark for his moody LED lighting that he uses. I am also a fan of moody, dark lighting,&nbsp; and thats the way I have my other studio&nbsp;&nbsp; set up - a light with a pretty steep angle&nbsp; to one side, and a dark background. Except,&nbsp;&nbsp; again im at 85mm in this shot so that you only&nbsp; see a little bit of that room.. Because, sigh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Im a mess.. Here’s that room with a wide angle. Peter is definitely shooting at a VERY wide open&nbsp; aperture. f/1.4 or possibly even f1.2 - you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see the focus falls off even on his own shoulder,&nbsp; just a few inches further back than his face.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the background is just completely out of&nbsp; focus, even though hes on a wide angle lens. This is true for more than just a talking&nbsp; head youtube shots also, of course.. The&nbsp;&nbsp; same with photography - If youre setting up&nbsp; a portrait of someone and trying to design&nbsp;&nbsp; what the overall photo will look like. The&nbsp; difference is SO massive when choosing a lens. I was out at Epcot with my wife and I had my&nbsp; camera and a couple of lenses with me - first at&nbsp;&nbsp; 24, which is similar to the default lens on like&nbsp; an iPhone - and a ton of people take this exact&nbsp;&nbsp; picture, with “SpaceShip Earth” in the background&nbsp; all lit up.. And this photo does tell that story..&nbsp;&nbsp; You can see it back there - But this picture&nbsp; and THIS picture were taken with her standing&nbsp;&nbsp; in exactly the same spot.. I just put on a longer&nbsp; lens, and I backed way up so that she would be the&nbsp;&nbsp; same size in the shot - but a longer lens will&nbsp; PULL the background closer to you as you back&nbsp;&nbsp; up and zoom in. So Sarah is the same size in both&nbsp; shots, but this is 24mm and this is 200mm. Both&nbsp;&nbsp; telling the same story - but the telephoto version&nbsp; is much more dramatic and to me, interesting. Same principal in the studio - if you move the&nbsp; camera back while zooming in the lens, you get&nbsp;&nbsp; the same subject, but the background zooms in. Use&nbsp; this to shape the finished shot to your liking.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RealAgentClinton [6 likes]: This video did more for me than YEARS of research for bokeh, lighting, camera bodys, lenses, and positioning!!!! I am SO glad I found your video. So much explanation. I’m on the 3rd watch of this video. BONUS…you also explained some of my favorite YouTubers too! Casey and Peter is legit! Thank you thank you thank you!!!! I’m going to share this video in two different Realtor Only groups with over 400,000 Realtors so expect an uptick in Subs and views on this video!! Thank you! ~Clinton Porter - ΓEA⅃ - Real Broker, Denver, Colorado
  2. @zatoichiable: In my experience its better to use for fat rounded face a wide angle and for skinny long face a telephoto...
  3. @RossFace: So 70-200gm2 is the only zoom  lens I should ever buy? Then just a 24mm gm 1.4 and maybe a 50mm  or 85mm
Or 16-35mm gm2…… dammit!!!
  4. @ChristofferLindquist: Super helpful, thank you from a beginner.
  5. @gbwalther3198: Ha, Ha, Ha. "Catch the Light!" Hey Nick, U should make a video of you "Fly Fishing this Summer. Let's see how well u can catch a few fish." Will it be better on a cloudy-no sun day? A rain pour day? Or an ultra-bright Sunny California Sunny day?  😎😎
  6. @umangatang: Best video
  7. @URRIBARRIJN: And this all explanation applies only to Full Frame lenses. Those who has APS-C skip this video
  8. @whatsupchicken: Useful info thank you! But I wish you talked calmer with no background music.
  9. @Fechu: Fantastic video
  10. @HamiltonRucker: Absolutely great video! Thank you.
  11. @AndyMiller_UK: It all depends on how your studio is layed out -- many put the camera close to their screens and these may be against a wall. Lots of folk have tiny spaces. Others (working pros) tend to want to show their studio in the background and also shoot with wide lenses. For fat old folk like me I push my camera back and use at least an 85mm more often my 135mm. But then I use a tight shot 'cause don't want to show much behind me.
  12. @riubens: Great video
  13. @romarsalis3350: I needed this video so much at 11:43 pm. It answered every question I had
  14. @TripleBlack331: I'm flipping back and forth between 54mm and a cheap 25mm fast lens and both work pretty great! I can't say how much I'm impressed with the cheap fast lens.
  15. @StitchlessDisneyDad: This was amazing, taught me so much, I knew a lot of the basics but this helped so much
  16. @Riders_Lounge: thank you 👊
  17. @rlifts: I was just about to say aren't you the guy with the macs on fire LOL.
  18. @DavisMuhwezi: I shot at 50mm, I have not figured out why but 25mm came with lots of noise
  19. @ZaporOshti: anamorphic lens of course
  20. @thebetchannel: What did you use to shoot this video??!!

- Transform Your Small Space Into A YouTube Studio!: Kind: captions Language: en you want to start making content this year but you don't have a dedicated space to film in well in this video we are going to be breaking down how you can turn a wall into a complete YouTube backdrop for your videos you got to just press record it's Abigail with think media and often times when people want to create content they get stuck because they feel like they don't have a space to film in and this is probably you we're going to be diving into Design Furniture lighting everything that you need to know in order to get your setup looking chist crisy now the first thing that you want to do is find a blank wall that you are able to film on now this wall specifically is in front of a window which has its pros and cons that we're going to get into but if I wanted to use natural light I'm just able to open up the curtains lift up the Blind and use natural light rather than using an artificial light once we found a blank wall to film on this is where we are going to start decorating and customizing this wall to completely fit your style I selected a couple of frames here that I thought fit my personality and and fit my style now there's a couple options that you can use when it comes to hanging up art on the wall if you choose frames like myself and are in front of a window here's the con to doing that if I open up the window there's going to be a big reflection on the frames which means I have to make sure I have curtains to completely cover all of the light so there's no reflection in the video what's so great about the frames though is that they give more of a higher quality look to the actual image that I have in the frame itself this also adds an additional layer to your wall if you're filming on a wall it's completely flat but when we add a frame to it that frame sticks out from the wall a little bit creating a layer now there's multiple options for you to choose based on how you want to design the space you can also use posters with posters you're not going to have as much separation from the wall like you would with a Fram piece of artwork but you're still getting that image on the wall and they're not as expensive as maybe a framed photo would be next up we have artwork which is probably the best option here because there is absolutely no reflection and you still get that layer the border of the frame is thick enough for it to stand off the wall giving you that layer and no reflection so that if you wanted to use natural light you're not going to have any issues with Reflections now for the frames that I've selected in particular they're various sizes none of them match and because of that I'm going to place them in an asymmetrical order now depending on the size of your images you want to be mindful of where you are placing the frames for these frames in particular I know that I'm going to be sitting in the middle of the shot which means I don't want to just Bunch everything up in the middle I want to spread it out and leave space for my chair and for me to sit in the frame when it comes to placement you want to be mindful of where you're going to be sitting when when you are filming if you put all the frames in the middle your body is going to cover the images and you're not going to be able to see the artwork but if you spread it out and place them in a way to where it leaves a gap in the middle for you then you're going to be able to see all of the artwork now this next piece for design is really going to make your backdrop stand out from the rest of the crowd I'm going to grab a small little table that I have to place a light or a lamp on top of now this table that I have here is used for props and photo shoots so if you have a side table that you would put next to your couch or even a small nightstand this would totally work for your look when it comes to where to place this table like I said before you're going to be sitting in the middle of the shot which means you're going to want to fill in the space around you so I'm going to place this lamp and this table off to the side of where I'm going to be sitting that way it's going to be captured in the final image as far as the design of your lamp goes I have this little I call it the mushroom lamp from Ikea which we will have linked below if you want to check it out but I use this light because it's different it stands out it has a different type of shape that you would see versus the typical lamps and you can also use whatever lamp you have in your home the key part of adding a light here is utilizing the light because this is going to separate you from the background now that we have our light in place next up we are going to add what brings life to your shot which I have in the background right right here it's going to be a plant of your choice now for some reason I have no idea why but plants just add so much life to the shot so whenever I am creating a backdrop I always want to make sure that I have some sort of plant to place in the shot for most of my videos I use a snake plant just because the plant spreads out and it takes up more of the frame and again it adds more character it adds more flavor to your shot just like the frames and the light this is going to add an additional layer to your shot which is separating you from the background and bringing more life to the final image last but not least the chair now this is kind of important because you're going to be sitting in this chair you want to be comfortable now this chair for me I feel comfortable in when I sit down I sit a little bit lower and you want to pick a chair that is going to be most comfortable for you some people prefer arms on a chair others prefer them without some people like a back rest so whatever you feel most comfortable in that's the chair that you're going to want to use for making content because we want to be as comfortable as possible when we are sitting down and making content that way we can produce the best quality of content for our audience now when it comes to the placement of the chair I don't want to place it right next to the light or right next to the plant I want to pull it Forward just a little bit that way it is separating me from the background now with all these pieces that we have added to the final image it has created multiple layers first we have the wall then the artwork the light in the plant now the chair all of this is adding layers to your image adding interest adding character to your shot making you completely Stand Out compared to the rest of the crowd now that we have the background all set up we are going to add in our camera gear and our lighting all the gear that I'm using in this video will be linked in the description below if you want to go ahead and check it out but I'm placing my light at a 45° angle to give some Shadow to my face to make the video look a little bit more cinematic now for my ladies if you want flattering lighting go ahead and place that light directly behind the camera this will ensure that you have no Shadows on your face and that the lighting is completely even as far as additional lighting goes I place this light behind the lamp to light the background a little bit more because if I didn't have it there the background would be pretty dark this is the goie floor lamp it almost looks like a tube light I use it in pretty much every single video and it adds a lot of variety and character to your shot now because I've closed the window there's no natural light in this room I have to bring in additional lights to light up the entire room and this is the final look with all the design elements in place you have now turned your flat wall into a space for you to start creating content and there you go this is the final look with with all the design elements in place if you want to know where you can get your artwork lighting table plant chair it will all be linked in the description below when you create your own backdrop go ahead and take a picture or video and tag us that way we can see how you utilized all of these elements for your backdrop that being said we'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [16 likes]: What's the biggest challenge you face when setting up your YouTube filming space? Let us know below ⬇
⭐ Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2025 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @stuatthelowend: Excellent video, very informative. Where is the chair from ?

Many Thanks
  3. @parisgenovese777: Perfect 🤩
  4. @ajinkayyt5056: Mam Chair link?
  5. @ninongharly: Where’s the link for the gears
  6. @ninongharly: What camera can I use to make it look like yours?
  7. @elaskfashiontv: Thanks for this
  8. @AllanGildea: Helpful, thanks!
  9. @lylyphan6401: At 5:45, what focal length do you use to shoot the vertical video? The composition is very beautiful.
  10. @ItsNoemieV: Merci 😊🙏
  11. @RosaReynoso-j1r: Thank you so much for the information ℹ️ blessings 🙏🙏🙏🤍💕❤❤❤❤
  12. @ExaltMiracle: When i clicked i thought she was a different creator didnt note she was actually from think media , but she is great , think media wants to take over u thbe 😂
  13. @ExaltMiracle: This is what i needed
  14. @midorimairi: Thank you!
  15. @DANYALLAYNAD: What lens are you using to shoot that close with background blur?
  16. @Realjovibes: We need more ✌️🙏
  17. @CharlotteWs8u000: this helped so much!
  18. @Rogando23: I wish I could do it. In uae rent is so expensive
  19. @AndrianMilchev: All small youtubers assemble here and we grow together!
  20. @AndrianMilchev: We grow together!

- How to Setup a YouTube Studio in a Small Space: Kind: captions Language: en If you're looking to create YouTube videos, but&nbsp;you don't quite have the space for your own&nbsp;studio, today, I have some tips and tricks for you&nbsp;to create a YouTube studio with limited space. [music] Matt from B&H here, and, no, I don't live in a mansion&nbsp;with some huge YouTube studio. In reality, I live in&nbsp;a fairly small New York apartment and as working&nbsp;from home has become more prevalent, I've come up&nbsp;with these solutions to make the most of a small&nbsp;space. Let's start with your camera. I recommend&nbsp;using a full frame camera for a larger field of&nbsp;view, which is crucial when space is limited.&nbsp;&nbsp; Match this with a wide angle lens (anything under 50mm, that is), and you should be good to go. For APS-C and other crop sensor cameras, you'll&nbsp;want to choose a focal length under 35mm. Note that you can also pull this off with a phone, using some of the other tips that I'll share later in this video. The added benefit of using&nbsp;wide-angle lenses is that it also adds depth to&nbsp;your shot, making your background seem farther&nbsp;than it really is. To enhance this effect, you'll&nbsp;want to set up as far away from your background as&nbsp;possible, shooting at the longest end of your room,&nbsp;which is what I'm doing right now. Film gear takes&nbsp;up a lot of space, so to help combat this, you can&nbsp;use things like these impact varipoles, which are&nbsp;incredibly versatile and help get your gear off&nbsp;the floor, making them the perfect solution for&nbsp;rigging cameras, lights and even sound blankets&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay, now we're talking tripods, and when it comes&nbsp;to tripods, opt for a smaller one. You may even want&nbsp;to consider getting a Gorillapod, so as long as&nbsp;the table that you're filming on isn't jittery, you should be fine. This is to keep your space&nbsp;clear and clutter-free, which will help in making&nbsp;it feel larger without causing a disturbance on&nbsp;the living space itself. For lighting, the bigger&nbsp;the source, the better, but with a small space, it's&nbsp;important to find a happy medium. I recommend the&nbsp;Aputure 120d and their mini light dome. You can&nbsp;bring it closer to your face which makes it a bigger source, in a way. If you have the space for a&nbsp;backlight, this Luxli Pocket LED is a great option, and you can also incorporate any lamps you have&nbsp;around your home to act as a practical for your&nbsp;background. If you simply don't have the space for&nbsp;lights, you can try filming near a window with a&nbsp;sheet to diffuse the daylight. This is a practical&nbsp;alternative, but keep in mind that the light source&nbsp;will frequently change. If you want to learn more&nbsp;about lighting, we have a full video on the subject&nbsp;up here. If you'd prefer to go the direction&nbsp;of using a solid color photo backdrop, Savage&nbsp;Universal makes a few different sizes and color&nbsp;variations for you to choose from. Pro tip, you can&nbsp;use another pocket LED from Luxli to spruce up&nbsp;your background a little bit and add some color&nbsp;contrast. Also, try to incorporate home elements&nbsp;into your shot whenever possible to save space. I'm filming this video on my kitchen island, rather&nbsp;than getting a dedicated table to film at,&nbsp;&nbsp; and while it may seem a bit too laid back, it actually&nbsp;adds quite a bit of character to your video. As a bonus tip, I recommend switching up your background&nbsp;throughout your video, this can give the illusion&nbsp;that you're in a much larger space, when really&nbsp;you're just panning to the other side of the room. Audio gear tends to be small, so most solutions&nbsp;will work in any space. However, the tiniest option&nbsp;would be a lavalier. Perfect&nbsp;example is the RODE SmartLav+ As you can see, there are multiple solutions for&nbsp;turning your space into a full-functioning YouTube&nbsp;studio, and you don't need a mansion&nbsp;to do it, which is a relief because&nbsp;I don't have a mansion. Thanks so much&nbsp;for watching. Let us know if you'd like to&nbsp;see more home studio tips in the comments&nbsp;below. My name is Matt, and until next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BandH [3 likes]: What are you using your home studio setup for? For more on lighting, check out Jake’s three-point lighting tutorial https://bhpho.to/2FTQ7T6
  2. @hypicsiamascarosi [3 likes]: i love how every single youtuber talking about  youtuber spaces  have fake plants and the same looking  with no creativity at all
  3. @mikeblack864 [2 likes]: Tell me how to set up YouTube studio
  4. @queenelizabethejames [1 likes]: Thank you so much.❤🙏🏾🙏🏾
  5. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Hi Matt,
Thank you for sharing this valuable information.  I need to level up my You Tube set up. Have a great weekend. 😊 👍
  6. @PirateOfTheNorth: I don’t even have that much space lol
  7. @Jonni3Storm: Man is friggin SWOLE
  8. @businessdoctorgs: Helps me to learn this.. thanks
  9. @muan-25: thanks very helpful for people like me who only podcast once a week for fun
  10. @er.gurcharansingh3328: thanks dear for valuable inputs
  11. @jamessparrowphotography4960: A bit disappointed there's nothing spoken about light source positioning, camera angles,  ambient light, camera settings, etc. 
Would have only taken a couple extra minutes to explain and would be a complete video then.
  12. @raampen: The space this guy has looks big to me. Could you guys make a video for really tiny places, please?
  13. @theinfamousjoel4551: No matter how I set mine up. I get insane shadows. What am I doing wrong?
  14. @Travelswithsugar: So this is a small space for 4 frames. It’s not by force to be a YouTuber. This isn’t authenticity and you are making the REAL ONES look stupid
  15. @clownboy3333: It's not a small space. It's a huge goddamn room. What do you mean small space?
  16. @elevatedcarolinaliving: Thanks for the 411.  I love your floor lamp!  Any idea where you got it ?  Thank you, in advance.
  17. @fishycomics: They are helpful tips  I now need to figure out how to utilize my  limited space.
  18. @newtong743: Hey what’s the pole that you are using to hold the sound proof blankets up?
  19. @mish19811: What kind of lens did you use in this tutorial?
  20. @Fotozones: He said "full frame" to describe 35mm. I thought B&H were supposed to be experts, yet here they are using the wrong terminology. Tsk, tsk...

- TINY Room YouTube Studio Setup on a BUDGET!: Kind: captions Language: en today I want to show you our tiny storage room that I turned into a fully functional YouTube Studio slome office desk area this setup in a super small 2x2 met area allows me to easily start shooting videos for YouTube create thumbnails and product shots edit content and store all my gear now I'm a pretty budget-minded person so a lot of the things that I'll be sharing are budget options or DIY ideas but I will also leave links to all the gear and things that I talk about down in the description so you can go check it out if you're interested so let's first take a look at the room itself the entire room is 2 m wide and about 4 M long and it was actually meant as a storage room in our apartment my YouTube studi slesk area only takes up half of the room because the rest of the room is still being used as storage space that means I have about 2x 2 m of space to work with so very small and one thing you would never notice in these videos is that there's actually a window behind me here but as you can see it doesn't look that nice so whenever I'm shooting a video I cover it up with this frame for Sound Treatment I have a set of DIY sound panels on the wall and they're a very cheap option with pretty good results of course in a small space like this there isn't that much sound treatment needed but I do find that these make a slight difference sound panels no sound panels sound panels no sound panels to make these I bought some sound panels on Amazon and glued them on the back panel of a picture frame that allows me to just hang the sound panel like a picture frame and I can also easily take them down besides that I just had to drill one hole per sound panel instead of having to attach all of these sound panels separately to the wall I do have a few separate ones in the corner here and the one behind my monitor is not really meant to do any Sound Treatment but serves more as a textured backdrop for product shots all right next let's move on to the most important part of this studio and that is the desk itself so the desk is B basically where the entire Studio lives on and I could essentially move this desk into a different room and I would have everything ready and set to record and edit videos so the desk itself is a simple Ikea tabletop and on one side I have some very basic table legs and on the other side I have the Ikea Alex drawers and I'll show you why this kind of awkward cable is here by the end of the video when I talk more about everything that's inside these drawers now the desk is only 1 M 20 wide so even with these basic table legs and all the stuff that I have mounted on here it's not too Wiggly the main component on this desk is the 6-in-1 desk Mount by vion I got this desk Mount because I needed a compact solution for mounting my light my camera and my microphone but the best thing about it is that it's so incredibly affordable for how versatile and good quality it is most of these parts are made out of metal and just very very solid it would be nearly impossible to have different stands for lights microphone and Camera camera in this tiny room so it's extremely useful that I can essentially rig an entire recording setup to this one Mount having everything mounted and ready to go makes it so much easier to start shooting a video it literally takes me maybe 5 or 10 minutes to set everything up and I'm ready to hit record besides that everything is also out of the way very quickly when I'm not using it and I don't have a bunch of stands everywhere taking up valuable space on the floor the and desk Mount also has a nice cable management system built in which keeps things organized and tidy recently I also did a small modification or add-on to this desk Mount which makes it even more versatile and I'll share that in a little bit but let's first look at everything else that is mounted on this desk rig the vison kit comes with an arm that has a Vasa adapter and that allows me to mount my monitor which frees up space on the desk plus it allows me to easily swing the monitor out of the way whenever I want to record product shots or shoot thumbnails the monitor is an lg27 ul 550w and it's an affordable 4K monitor and for its price it has pretty accurate and consistent colors it's a 27in 10bit IPS panel and it covers 98% of the srgb color spectrum which is fine but of course specs would be better on a more premium Monitor and on top of the monitor I have one of the recent additions to this desk setup this was sent over to me by Ben q and it's the Ben Q screen bar Halo monitor light and I never really considered a monitor light before but I actually really love having this especially because the room light in here is not that Pleasant and I thought about adding a desk lamp but because the desk is so small it would take up too much valuable space besides that research has shown that having good light reduces eye strain and fatigue when you're spending a lot of time in front of a screen so it's important to have equal Lighting in front and behind your monitor to reduce contrast so basically your eyes don't have to work as hard and that's one of the great things about this BenQ monitor light besides the obvious front light it also has a back light which lights up the wall behind the Monitor and it doesn't just serve as a nice mood light but also provides bias lighting which helps to reduce that contrast between the Monitor and the workspace this BenQ monitor light also has a unique asymmetrical lighting design that completely reduces any glare on the monitor it was also really easy to install it has this kind of flexible clip so you just pop it on top of the Monitor and because of this flexible clip it will pretty much fit on every kind of monitor even curved monitors and it's USB powered so if your monitor has a USB plug you can just plug it in there another cool little feature is the wireless controller it comes with you simply hover your hand over it to activate it and then you can dial in all the different settings for example brightness or color temperature you can also also turn on or off each individual light so you can turn on only the front light only the back light or both but what I really love is that the light bar actually has a built-in sensor and you can have it adjust all the settings automatically depending on the ambient light and you can even save your favorite setting With This Heart button so this monitor light is definitely one of the more premium accessories that I currently have on this desk setup but it does really upgrade my working experience all right next thing that I have mounted on the desk Mount is the camera I'm using the Sony A7 Mark II and for these YouTube videos I have the Sony 14 mm f1.8 G Master mounted on the camera this lens is of course extremely wide and maybe a little bit Overkill but at the same time I really like that it makes the room look bigger and I can for example include my monitor in the shots but I do have to make sure that I stay clear of the edges because otherwise the warping gets a little bit too much but besides that I really like the look of this super wide shot and also the f1.8 aperture creates some nice separation between me and the wall even though I'm only like 50 cm or less away from the wall I usually mount my phone on top of the camera with this very simple smartphone cold true Mount that way I have my notes or script closed by whenever I'm recording a video as far as lighting goes I have two lights lighting me and then I have two extras to spice up the background my key light is the newer 480 LED panel light which is a very affordable small bolor LED panel light and it's not super bright but it gets the job done in this small space for my talking head shot I usually have it set at 50% and for product shots I do have to crank it up to 100% the great thing about it is that it's pretty small and lightweight so it fits nicely on the desk Mount and you can also buy this compact soft box with it which again takes up a minimum amount of space so all in all this light is a good budget option for this type of setup but a nicer higher quality upgrade would be for example the Falcon eyes flexible LED panel but that does come at a much higher price to fill the other side of my face I'm using this small cheap byol LED light as a fill light I also use this as extra lighting for product shots and honestly it works totally fine for this price I just have it mounted on a small light stand to the side of me here just out of frame and then I also have another small light giving color to the background here this one is a small RGB light that was sent to me by sandmark quite a while ago and I really like the solid build quality and the rubber diffuser that it comes with I just have this mounted on a small tripod and I set it on the floor behind me pointing at the wall lastly I use this small RGB stick light from ulanzi as a practical light and to add a touch more color to the shot this was again super cheap and it works perfectly fine for having a second RGB light to complement the blue background light finally for sound I have the road video micro mounted on the microphone arm that also comes in this vazon set and again this is a budget friendly but quality microphone option I just have a 3.5 mm audio cable running down the arm and the desk Mount and then I just plug it straight into the Sony's mic input all right now let me show you how I further modified or extended this desk Mount to add another function to the entire rig because I really wanted a low impact and easy way to have colored backdrops for when I'm shooting product b-roll or product thumbnails and this is what I came up with I attached a super clamp to the desk Mount and this is just a manf froto super clamp and then I attached this extendable arm to the super clamp now I can take a piece of colored paper clamp it to the arm a voila I have a colored backdrop I'm still experimenting with perfecting this setup but so far I really like the idea of having this backdrop option added to the desk Mount so far I'm guessing you can tell that I generally really like budget options but one thing that's a little bit more difficult to go Budget on is the computer I recently upgraded from a 5-year-old MacBook Air to this 14in M1 MacBook Pro and it's a great little machine and the reason why I don't have a desktop Mac is simply because I want and need the ability to take my computer with me whenever I'm not at home when I am using it on this desk it lives in this nice wooden MacBook stand by calibri which doesn't just look great but also helps free up space on the desk by having the MacBook in clamshell mode my keyboard and mouse are then again budget options I use the iclever IC bk10 Bluetooth keyboard which is just a slim design Universal keyboard it's affordable and had good reviews on Amazon so I decided to try it out and so far I'm happy with it same story for the mouse it's an inic pm6 BS Bluetooth mouse that cost $13 it has good Amazon reviews and it's nothing special but honestly serves its purpose for me another really important thing to factor in with a small space like this is storage now I don't have a huge amount of gear but it still kind of nuts how much you end up collecting over the years when doing anything camera related whether it be photography or videography so pretty much all my gear lives in this Ikea drawer unit everything but my camera gear because that just lives in my camera bag I have one drawer for things like headphones clamps lens cloth multi-tool hard drives another one with more camera gear related things like like tripod plates and lens filters one with some audio and GoPro things and this one at the bottom stores my old MacBook a hard drive and my drone and then this one in the middle here with the awkward cable I use as a charging drawer so I have one of these power strips in the drawer and whenever I need to charge anything I just plug it in there and close the drawer so I never have battery chargers or things like that laying around on the desk they just charge in the drawer and they're out of the way now I realized that it's not the most techy or cool looking solution but it works and ultimately that's what matters the most and I think that kind of sums up what this YouTube Studio slesk setup is all about it's not the fanciest but it works and I'm sure that the further I progress in this YouTube Journey that this studio will also evolve with it and who knows maybe one day I will be in a bigger studio with a bigger desk but I hope that this video shows that there are budget solutions for any kind of situation and you don't necessarily need a big Studio with the fanciest gear at least that's what I think all right that's it for me thanks a lot for watching and I'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KingWright-m1d [2 likes]: great information, thanks!
  2. @DougEdoleyi [1 likes]: You've done well, mate. Thank you.
  3. @michaelyolch [1 likes]: Incredibly well done and very inspiring! THANK YOU!
  4. @djohntalks [1 likes]: Thanks! was very helpful! Subbed.
  5. @TheJudesArchive [1 likes]: Good work. 👏 
I’m looking to upgrade my storage/home office also.
  6. @BurtonParker-v9c: Giải thích dễ hiểu quá!
  7. @falaketsxx: Seu vídeo chegou no brasil 🇧🇷
  8. @lylyphan6401: 2:39 How much do you use the bullet point when recording a video?
  9. @Justhunayn: Watching your video after being recommended by Gemini 😅
  10. @maverick_tomcat: Great information. I m looking to set up workbench with overhead lighting and this video provides some good options.
  11. @themotoriderjournal: I'm in the process of reclaiming some space from a small outbuilding that is used for storage.  It's been really challenging as there's just too much stuff in storage.  You've helped to motivate me to push ahead.
  12. @Thelent3: I could’ve used a flat screen on the wall
  13. @M.E.Npodcast: Do you have a link for your desk?
  14. @druid5561: That sound panel picture frame backing is a genius
  15. @ricardo_works: Amazing!
  16. @SINISTA_ONE: Thanks for the ideas. ❤
  17. @trackrideindia5898: I like this setup ❤❤
  18. @siradams: I need to find this mouse pad! :o
  19. @jasonmedouze5987: Camera???
  20. @adymix001: I love your keyboard and mouse. I have the same. No need to spend a fortune on a keyboard or mouse!

- Transform Your BEDROOM Into A YOUTUBE HOME STUDIO!: Kind: captions Language: en As you may know by now, I'm living in a one-room apartment, which doesn't really look that visually appealing for creating videos. Empty walls, a lack of light sources, and way too many books that I don't read. Straight up, boring as fuck! The only effort I made so far in order to make it look better, was switching the camera angle and changing my desktop background. That's pretty lazy, right? As we're still in lockdown here in Germany, and I film the majority of my videos right here at home, I thought to myself, "why not turn this boring bedroom into a dope ass, high-end YouTube studio?", so that's what I did. That's not too bad, huh? Alright, guys, today we have a big mission, we have many things to do. The first thing you actually should do before you decide on what kind of decor and lights you want to get for yourself, you should first think about what is the best corner in your apartment, to actually use it as a backdrop for your videos. For me, it was quite easy to decide, because I have a window here, so I also have some natural light coming in, and also, on top of that, I already have some shelves in the back here, and also this top shelf. So that's why I thought that this corner of the apartment is going to be the best one for what I want to do. Before you actually buy all of your stuff, you should also think about which angles you want to have for your videos. So, I basically decided on two main angles. The first one being this one, as you can see in the back here. So yeah, this is the first main angle that I would like to have for my videos, so the camera would just go here on the tripod and would face straight forward here. So yeah, I think that this is going to serve well as a talking head. And this is the second angle that I want to have for my videos, which is more of an editing setup angle, I would say. I already used this frame for my Lightroom tutorial. The back is just way too empty, there's nothing on the wall, and that's why I decided to fill it with something. So, I'm going to show you now what I want to change about this place in order to make it look better. Okay, so first thing, I'm going to get rid of some of these books, maybe not all of them, but many of them have to go. I'm going to put some of my camera equipment back in here, install a LED strip in the back of this shelf, also maybe back here in the cupboard. Then, I obviously have to get a new studio light, because the one I use right now is just... It's just shit. Straight up shit. And last but not least, I decided to fill that wall back here with a custom-made neon sign, so that's going to go up on this wall. And now, we're just going to start, and... we're going to get rid of these books. Wow. There's an old iPhone of mine. No way. Let's actually check if this is still working. Oh shit, I think... No way, the screen is coming off. This thing is broken. Can you see that? Oh, no way, it's turning on. Like, the Apple sign is just turning up and down all the time, but I think it's not working anymore. Okay, let's get going. Sh*t. F*ck. This should work for now. Okay, so I think that this already looks a lot better now that the shelves are empty. I'm going to think about what kind of gear exactly I'm going to put there after I install the LED light strip, so that's the next step for now. Alright. Okay, so this is the first light strip. Another light strip. And the base. I found them to be some of the best LED strips on the Internet, at least a lot of people said it, because you can actually change the colour of each individual LED, instead of just the colour of the whole strip. So, I have to plug this one into the plug socket, connect these ones to this one, but there is one problem... With this whole thing. As you see, there has to be some connection between this one and this one, so I actually think that I have to drill through the cupboard, and like, let it run from down here, from the plug socket up, through here, back here, through there, back up here. and then it's going to end in the end up here. So yeah, wish me luck. So, I actually got myself this old... Wooden drill from my brother. I hope this is going to work, man. I'm gonna try with this one. Okay, that is not good. I did just the exact same shit on the other side. Man... I'm so bad at this. Okay, so now I have one hole on the left side, one on the right side, and two scratches, well done. We're just going to see... If the LED strip fits. Yup, that should work out. Same here, let's do it. Plug socket, LED strip. Whoa. I didn't expect them to be that bright. I mean, it doesn't look 100% perfect, but I'm pretty with how I got it to work. Alright, let's connect it to the app. Add a new device. New light. So, it's just pairing the light strip right now. Next. Done. So, this is red. Holy shit. I'm feeling like a gamer now. Blue, pink, red, green. There's the option to actually paint what parts of the strip are going to be influenced. Let's say I want to have the top one in blue. Oh, that was the bottom one. Man, that's so cool! You see, I just paint on here. Like, if I want to have that bottom strip in red, I just click on red, and I just paint here, and it's going to be red. So, now I can perfectly adjust which parts are going to be which colour. This is really, this is awesome. This is awesome. Rainbow. Man, I love this stuff! Alright, so I think that the LED strips themselves already look pretty good, but now I need to take care of this huge standing lamp. I actually like the shape of this, but... I don't really like the light colour or light temperature of it. And yeah, I also found from Lifex a light bulb that you can like plug in, and connect to your phone as well, and just use it the same way as you would with the LED strips. I'm going to try that out. Okay, it's already brighter than the other one. And now I can change the colour temperature of it as well. Red, yellow. This already looks a whole lot better than it did in the beginning. All of these lights and colours in the background just give the image a lot more depth, because the background is more separated from myself. Also, especially in small apartments or small bedrooms, like the one I have here, I can't have different light sources to, for example, get one to light my background and one to light me in the front, or else I just don't have any space for anything else. You should look for practical lights that you can install, which are going to be there permanently, but still you have some options to create different environments and different moods by changing the colours of it. One cool thing that I actually found within the app, is that you can create different scenes, so you can basically save the colour and the brightness of the LED strip and also the lamp, and then you can just quickly tap on one of these scenes, and it's going to be the exact same that you saved before. So yeah, I think that these lights are really really useful, because you can just create a specific mood within no time, just a click of a button. And now I'm just going to put some gear on the shelves to make it actually look like a proper YouTube studio. Let's go. I feel like the A6500 should also go on there, because that's like the first proper camera for filmmaking that I used. It's gonna go up there as well. Well, I think that looks a hundred times better than before. Drone up here, gimbles down here, cable stuff down here, a few of the books that I kept. Still not going to read them. And up here, also the lenses and the A6500. I think this looks amazing. Alright, so, it's getting... Better and better with each thing that I change here. I really like the look of it already, and in general, I think it's always important, if you build a YouTube studio, to find some decor or find some objects that kind of relate to your brand, and don't just put some random stuff on there. But one thing which is definitely missing here is a proper key light, because you can now see that in the background, there's a lot of stuff going on, a lot of contrast and saturation, but there's not that much focus on me, and especially when I'm talking to the camera, the focus should be on myself, so I definitely need a good light source in order to light myself. And a company called Godox actually reached out to me a couple of weeks ago, and they asked me if I would like to try out their new studio light. It's called SZ150R, and I was like "yeah, for sure, I'm still shooting on a 20 dollar Amazon light, get it here", and yeah, that's what they did. And yeah, in order to see that, we have to rewind a couple of weeks, so let's go back. Grid. Softbox. Carrying bag. The lamp. Light stand. I f*cking hate... Unpackaging. I need to clean this up now. So, I've been using the SZ150R already all of the time when I was shooting all of the shots back here, because I need at least some light in my face, so I was just... bouncing it off, off the wall, so that I have overall more light here. I can quickly turn it off, in order for you to see what it looks like without it. This is what you would have seen without the light on, which is quite a big difference. Alright, I wanna try to light myself from the left side, so when I'm sitting here, the light should be standing back here. I'm not sure if I can make it fit back there, but I'll try my best. I think that looks pretty good. So, the reason why I put the light back in here, is because then the light is only going to come on my face back here, but everything which is back here is not going to be affected by the light, because the door frame is blocking it. And in that way, I have a very nice contrast on my face, but still, I'm able to keep that glow from the back of the LED lights. Alright, so that looks even better. Now I'm finally highlighted by this soft light source. It's really important that you also get yourself a softbox. I myself chose the smaller softbox, the P90H it's called. I'm really happy that I chose the smaller one. There's also the 120 version, but if I had the 120 version, I wouldn't even been able to fit it through the door frame here. So, especially if you have a small apartment, it's worth it to get the smaller one. But yeah, I think that a studio light is really a must-have for anybody who wants to create high-quality videos in front of a camera, where he's talking, and where he's going to be seen. I mean, you can just look at the difference, what it looks like without the light... And with the light on. I mean, that's just a crazy difference. I mean, I could do this all day long. Okay, just kidding. So, I've been using the SZ150R already for a couple of weeks now, maybe you've seen it already in some videos of me, or maybe also on my Instagram stories, I've been creating some really unique lighting setups with this light, and especially because it is not only bicolor, but also RGB. So in general, I'm not an absolute expert when it comes to lights, but with these lights, there's really nothing I can complain about. It is bicolor, so you can change the colour temperature of it, you can dim it to 0 to 100%, you can use RGB, so that means that you can choose any kind of colour that you want, and you can also change the saturation of it. Furthermore, you have some different effects built into the light itself, which try to emulate a specific light situation. So, there are different effects like fireworks, candle light, police light, TV, party mode. So yeah, there's a lot of things that you can do with the light, and it's super easy to use, you just have to twist the knobs on the back of it to adjust all of the things. So yeah, if you are currently looking for a studio light, I can definitely recommend it, and you can find the link to it in the description. Alright, so we've already come quite a way. It looks a lot better than in the beginning, but there is one more thing... That we have to do. Nice! Let's put it up. Fuck! Ouch! Alright guys, so the sign is up. It's been a little bit more effort than I thought, probably just because I suck at mounting things. But yeah, I think it looks super epic. The only thing which would have been nicer, is if the colour of the blue ton was a little bit more towards cyan, than just like purplish blue, but that wouldn't really be a problem to fix in post, because I can easily just adjust the blue tones, without changing my skin tones, so it's still going to look good on camera. And yeah, why did I go for "passion comes first"? I think that this is like the mindset that I'm trying to live by each day when it comes to work, because there's a lot of things distracting yourself in the creative industry when it comes to your passion, it's either money, or fame, or all that kind of stuff, but I think that you should always stick to what you are really passionate about, and what you want to do for yourself. Adapt that mindset if you want to be happy in the creative industry. So yeah, I think that it fits perfectly for what I'm trying to do here on this YouTube channel. And now, let's see what it looks like on camera. Okay, so this is what the finished setup looks like. I think that the neon sign comes in really well here, it just fills up that space on the wall and also, on top of that, it's an additional light source for the backdrop. And I actually saw that they sent a remote with it. Off and on. Yeah, I even have some different modes in it. Flickering, I would say. Blinking. Obviously, I wouldn't really use those modes, but I have... different percentages, so I can actually dim the light, put it to 10%, put it to 100%, which is really really useful when I want to kind of even out the light sources in the backdrop. Thanks to Ash and Sketch&Edge, which is his neon sign company, for sending out this one. If you're also looking for a neon sign, definitely make sure to check out the link in the description, and you will find a link to their website. So yeah, that is how I transformed my bedroom into a small YouTube studio, I still can't believe that it used to look like an old dusty library, like just one day ago. I really enjoyed putting up all of this stuff, and it made me realize again how important lighting actually is for your videos. It's not that important if you shoot in 4K or 8K, if you also have a cheap camera and you have a good lighting setup, you can still create really really high-quality videos. So, that's it. If you don't want to miss out on any of the upcoming videos, make sure to subscribe to my channel, and also turn on the notification bell. And yeah, I'm going to see you guys in the next one. Peace out, bye bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonathankung [2 likes]: First time watching your videos, and love this one! The storyline, the editing, the music, and the humor while presenting useful knowledge. 🎉
  2. @mohamedahzan1631: Is that free to u? From godox
  3. @oksanarachel: love the style/edits but not the language. :(
  4. @JacobKey-q6r: Love your videos
  5. @nicholausalex9466: ur amazing bro ☺☺
  6. @FameSquadFamily: When I say I want a YouTube channel this is what I mean
  7. @IAmPhasion: This was such a cool video!!
  8. @lucaswangvlog: Which songs do you use?
  9. @M17artist: i respect that mindset! "passion come first"
  10. @AllenDavidYazu: Part mode
  11. @qtheilespy8533: Can someone tell me where can I find that wallpaper? I can't find it
  12. @violinabarman6291: i thought to take the dopamine detox challenge that he took... now he is my addiction. its his fault:face-orange-biting-nails:
  13. @muddassirahmad36: Best engaging video so far
  14. @FaisalAnsari-p1v: Very nice quote was that (passion comes first)😄
  15. @FaisalAnsari-p1v: That party was dope high I think 😂
  16. @heysimmone: First time watching your channel. Great video. You've helped me not to overcomplicate things.
  17. @linsdudu: I know you're not an ace using a drill, but I would drill into the wall behind the power cords for the neon and connect them from the other room. This way you wouldn't have cables hanging behind the sign and on the wall.
  18. @HegabTheGreat: brother you have Quran in your shelf, read it
  19. @mryounusmyk9535: love from India bro ❤
  20. @cecilitza: Damm your video are lit 🔥

- Transform Your Bedroom Into A YouTube Studio ($5 - $250): Kind: captions Language: en This is how you take a poorly lit, boring-looking bedroom and transform it into a professional YouTube studio. Whether you've got $5, $50, or a couple hundred dollars, this video is going to give you all the knowledge you need to film professional-looking videos in the comfort of your own home. We're going to start off with almost no money and some super basic concepts, and then we're going to build off those ideas with increasingly larger budgets. And our first budget is $5. Seriously, like like $5. First things first, we desperately need a light source. Any light under $5 is not going to be doing you any favors. So, for this first setup, we're going to be relying completely on all-natural window light. As you can see, windows are a big, soft, bright light source, and it looks really flattering on camera. Just by opening up that window, letting some nice sunlight in, this already looks so much better than where we started. But, it's not great. We need to adjust our camera settings. Now, if you haven't learned the basic camera settings yet, like shutter speed, aperture, ISO, white balance, you'll still be able to achieve a pretty good look. But, using manual settings will be able to dial it in and get exactly the look we're going for. I'm actually getting some gross, shadowy raccoon eyes from my ceiling light. So, if I turn that switch off, I actually think this looks super natural. Next, if we move the camera back and ourselves along with it, that's going to blur out the background a little bit more. It really helps you pop and get that professional look. Lastly, this is going to vary a lot depending on your room, but remove anything from the background that's kind of distracting or unpleasing, as well as you can add anything to the background. Like if you have a bookcase or a shelf or a plant. Okay, and this didn't apply to my particular setup, but the reason this is a $5 budget is some of you are going to end up filming at an angle where the window is over here, so this side of your face is very bright and this side is very dark. And all you need to do to fix this is run to the store and for a couple dollars, pick up a piece of white foam board. And what you can do is actually put it on the opposite side of your face and bounce the window light onto the shadow side of your face. What's cool is this is totally adjustable. So if you want it pretty close to even, you can get it very close to your face. And if you want a little more shadow, you can just move it farther away and get that high contrast look. And there you go. I would totally watch a video that looks like this. The difference is massive. But what could we do if we had $50? For $50, you've basically got two options. A light bulb with an umbrella or a softbox. Or you can get a small, cheap LED panel. I'm going to be using this small battery-powered LED. It's super bright. It's portable. Apparently, mine's discontinued, but there are a ton of these things you can find online for around $50. Okay, so this is what it looks like if we just take an LED panel and throw it right on top of our camera. And it kind of works, but it's not great. Right now, that's the only light in this whole room. The background is way too dark, so let's see how it looks like if I turn the lights back on. So now we've got the on-camera light, we've got the ceiling lights, and the background looks a little better, but I've kind of got those shadows coming back under my eyes. What you can do is once again take a white piece of foam board, put it at about a 45° angle to the side of the camera, and then take that harsh LED, bounce it off that. When the light hits the board, it's going to scatter, diffuse, and become an overall bigger light source, which is going to soften it as it hits your face. To take it a step further, we can take one more piece of foam board, and if you put it on the other side of your face, it'll fill in some of those shadows. You can see if I take it away and then put it back. This is still sort of a janky DIY setup, but for $50, the big advantage is we can now choose our background. We could film at night, we could film in the morning, we can film in any direction because we have a lighting setup. But if you're serious about YouTube and you've got some cold, hard cash just burning a hole in your pocket, get ready because this next setup is the one I personally use. All right, so this is how I'm currently setting up my bedroom for YouTube videos. It's definitely gone through some iterations over the years, but I've landed on this sort of natural-looking orange and blue tone look. Basically, I've got a much larger LED panel with a nice soft box on it as my key light. For my fill, again, just another LED panel on a light stand. Both of these are sort at 45° angles, a little bit above head height, and angled slightly down. One of the to having dedicated gear like this is I can set it up exactly the same every time, or I can make super minor adjustments. Right now, I've just got the key light on me, definitely a dark and moody vibe. Now, I've switched on the fill light, still a super dark background, but I'm a little bit more evenly lit. If I want to turn my ceiling light on, that kind of just brightens the background a little bit more. It's not quite so moody. The goal of this video wasn't to get you to copy me exactly, although you're more than welcome to, but more so start figuring out how you can work with your particular space. Maybe you just need a better background, or maybe you do need to invest in lights. Whatever it is, hopefully this gave you some ideas. Everything I use is going to be linked in the description down below. So, if you're interested, you can definitely check that out. If you want to learn more about content creation or video production, I'll link a video somewhere. And as always, have fun, stay creative, and I'll see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @سيلفر_وولف [1 likes]: 5$
Then bro brings a bazooka camera lens
  2. @noelle_asmr [1 likes]: thank you josh for this. very helpful
  3. @powersports9267: Faaaaaaa
  4. @ChristofferLindquist: Great video, thanks! Where can I buy such a large softbox that you have in this video, to go on a large led panel? I've been searching but haven't been able to find a big enough one. What are the dimensions of your softbox and what is the brand and model?
  5. @The_Craw: Simple and awesome video!!  Great job
  6. @Sidreallife: THanks for this content. loved the ideas
  7. @mndy191: omg great video! this is so helpful for my budget. im gonna buy some foam board rn lol also how did you do the animations of the camera settings at 1:10? i want to have animations like that but not sure how to get started
  8. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, random but curious question:
How do you control your recording setup — the background, the sound, and the space — when you’re filming in a small or shared room?
  9. @MelissaMelly1010: For us balling on a budget, I love this!!
  10. @DjCatchXXII: Thanks for the tips. I’m using my small bedroom to create and shoot my videos. These tips will definitely help my videos look better. Thanks 🙏🏾
  11. @gowhardhanravichandran8647: I've heard your voice somewhereeee..... Walter White Jr😉
  12. @extrajordanary1: The foam board trick is really interesting. Thanks for the tips!
  13. @wesleysnipes9454: $5 dollar t-shirt has to go, and your sound not good. I would get wireless mics after your camera choice or just use your cell phone and before lights and backdrop...
  14. @carolvechini: I was expecting you talk about the light on the background :/
  15. @MyCompoundLife: Lesson learnt, foam board I need
  16. @the_general_contractor_network: great vid
  17. @zariahstar858: Amazing
  18. @FabioDiBenedetto-yt: https://youtu.be/C2au1Yj_8sQ?si=RN_CghIhzZxSZ6Ug
  19. @ShinGidora: That intro got me good! Awesome setup
  20. @bennettphotography08: For everyone saying that the reason it looks good is because he's using an expensive camera, you can make literally almost any camera look good if you know how to light your subject decently well. Obviously, there's a couple exceptions, but especially at the beginning stage and low budget, this will work perfectly fine

- Transform Your Simple Room Into a YouTube Home Studio: Kind: captions Language: en You want to create a practical, good-looking space to shoot your videos in a normal room or home office. After this video, you will have clarity about the key points to follow to achieve your desired shot without investing much or rebuilding the entire room. I built five plus home studios in the last 10 years of my YouTube journey. I also helped other creators to build their own shooting space. As an example, I recently helped Kate reshape everything from this look to this. I've been in many situations when it comes to shooting spaces and made numerous mistakes. You don't need to make the same mistakes or waste money, but I will be honest, you need to invest some time and effort to rearrange some furniture maybe or learn how to take advantage of what you have in the background if you want to look professional. It will take time and tests to achieve the look that I like. It takes me time, trial and error moving something all the time until I reach the final result. I found three main aspects to take into account and your shots will be transformed instantly. Number one, position of the camera. Whether you keep it on the desk or on a tripod and what the camera will see. I will show you how to do it. Number two, the lights. I will show you how to use them to your advantage. And number three, this will change everything. The lens you use, the angle, and the aperture are crucial in most situations. My home studio is a simple small apartment room. I had the luxury to empty it totally when I renovated the apartment and also painted two walls gray. But if you can't do that, don't worry. You can move some things or learn how to use what you have. The first aspect I concentrated on was to position the desk in the most convenient spot, thinking about what I had in the background. Also, I wanted to have the widest view possible that looks the best and is clean. I wanted to take advantage of the two gray walls that will offer a wide view. So, I placed the desk on the opposite side shooting from the desk. Position your desk thinking about what your camera will see. You can take your camera and try to find the best spot. Try it. It's the best way to find the most convenient, good-looking view. Walk around with your camera and find the best spot. Maybe you will not shoot having the camera on the desk and you'll have it on a tall tripod. That's fine. Just search for the best spot by trying it. After you find a proper spot and you move the desk there and you also have a decent background, put your camera there, take a shot as it is and analyze it. And at this point, pay attention to the following. To have a clear space behind your head. If you have an empty wall, it's easier. If you have something like a library, try to empty those shelves that are behind your head. Look, if I put a plant behind me, it will look like the leaves are popping out of my head. Or if you have something like a fixed shelf that you can't move, as Kate has, try to put something there that blends in or keep the area behind your head empty. She first had a red or white book on that and it looked like she had a book on her head. Analyze your background and clean it behind your head. The second aspect to analyze is the balance of the shot. I had this problem on the right side of the shot. I have a big plant and on the left side it's empty. It looks unbalanced. I have the chair on the left side but it's not tall. I also didn't want to put another plant that will look like two pillars. So, I filled that space with a light to balance the shot or I use the shape of a window. Sometimes I like it cleaner, just a light. The third aspect, analyze the colors. Try not to have 100 colors around you. That can be tiring. It's best to have two or three. If you can't and maybe have a lot of books with different colors, try to order them in a way that looks cleaner, for example. I like this orange look with some red. When I choose my shirt, I can wear something in contrast like blue or orange, or I can wear something neutral like black, gray or white. If you keep it clean around you, use two maximum of three colors and try to balance the shot, it will look good. Now let's move to the lights. This aspect will completely change the look. Many creators are asking me why I recommend investing in two lights when I can use only one. This is why if you use one single light to light you up equally or almost equally, you need to have the light in front of you. The light will light you up, okayish, but it will also light up the background. If you like that, that's perfect. But if you want to make the background more interesting, you will want to have the background darker so you stand out. If you use two lights, one on the right side at a 45° angle and one on the left, the light on you will be great. You can control the intensity of each side. And the right light will illuminate one side of your face and the wall on your left which is out of the shot. And the left light will illuminate the other side of your face and the right wall which is also out of the shot. Of course, those walls will reflect some light on the background also, but it will be less compared to pointing a light directly at the background. And like this, you will have a darker background to work with. Now, having the background darker, you can play with simple RGB lights and change the vibe instantly. If you have a white background, it can't be that dark, but it can be sufficient to make it more interesting using RGB lights. Look, I did it in the past having a white background positioning the lights properly. I changed the background color with a simple RGB light. I use some cheap small ones like this and door or small rig or Ulanzi. Don't worry, I will add affiliate links in the description for all the equipment that will help you build your studio. If you click on my links, you're not going to pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission and this will help me keep sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. RGB lights are gamechanging. Just be careful to choose video lights. This is important. Stay away from cheap RGB LED lights. those can produce flicker. Use dedicated video lights. I'm also asked frequently about the position of the lights and the colors. There is no rule about this. According to your background and what you have in the background, change the position until you find the best spot to balance the shot or mask something if you need to. The same thing happens with the intensity or the colors. Use what you like or what represents your personality of your brand. If you like blue, use blue. If you like orange, use orange. If you like purple, use purple. There is no wrong or right if you keep the image balanced and don't use too many colors. Kate prefer the touch of blue and it looks great. Now, about the natural light. Is it okay to use the natural light? Yes, but keep in mind that you need to position the camera so you are lit by the window and you can't control the natural light too much. you can start to shoot with some settings when it's sunny and in 15 minutes the room gets darker because of a cloud. Also, you need to shoot only during the daytime. If you shoot for a long time, it's often hard to control the natural light, which is why I prefer to use a curtain that blocks 100% of the sunlight and controls the shooting environment. But if you like how it looks, if you place the camera in the right spot and like how the room looks with the natural light, that's great. And if you find this video useful until now, don't forget to press the like button and maybe consider subscribing. Thank you. Now, let's talk about the importance of the lens. I will show you the difference between a fast lens and the kit lens. And after I have an important bonus tip for your studio. If you shoot talking head videos in a small home studio, a fast lens will make a huge difference. On the lenses, we see the aperture number like this f3.5, f2.8 or f1.4. Long story short, if this number is lower, that means you can open the aperture more and more light will hit the sensor. The image will be brighter and you need less light and at the same time you will have more blur behind you. the fast lens that offers more blur behind you. You can mask some things in the background and make it look more professional. This is the image shot at f3.5 with the kit lens. I need to increase the light and the ISO to have the right exposure. And this is the image at f1.4 with a fast lens. I need less light. The image is brighter and I have more pronounced blur behind me. This is not mandatory. You can perfectly shoot with the kit lens if you like how it looks, but the blur will not be that pronounced in a small space. A fast lens will help a lot. I have used it for a long, long time and recommend the Sigma 16 mm f1.4 lens. This lens offers me that good looking blur and I don't need to struggle with the light. A fast lens is more expensive than the kit lens, but the image will be much better. The Sigma 16mm F1.4 4 costs around $411 at the time of publishing this video, but the difference is huge. 99% of the creators that I talked to and use this lens are extremely happy with the results, saying that this changed their look significantly. Now, let me give you this important tip about sound isolation. Eliminating the reverb in your room can be the most complicated and expensive thing to do. What you can do and what I do is this. Try to break all the flat surfaces as much as you can. As an example, I have this corner with the door where I break it with a sound blanket on two variables. When I shoot, I close it and it eliminates a lot of the reverb and resonances. Also, on my right side, I have a heavy curtain that will block the sun and also help to eliminate the reverb. The chair behind me helps a lot. You can put clothes, books, sound blankets, or even a normal blanket on the sides that are not visible in the shot and try to break the flat surfaces that reflect sound. I have here a homemade acoustic panel with some fabric and foam inside. It gets the job done and I also like it for the design. Also, you can put a carpet on the floor which will help. It's hard to totally eliminate the rever, but if you add clothes, blankets, pillows, furniture, and books, the reverb will be reduced and that will help. I will add links to some acoustic blankets, but you need to search for the right sizes according to your space or some acoustic panels. Position your camera in a way to have the best shot according to your room. Clean the space behind your head. Balance the shot as much as you can. Set the lights properly. Set the mood you want with some RGB lights. Choose the right lens and you're good to go. But you can have the best looking professional home studio for nothing if you don't have the right setup to shoot with. As the lens can change the look a lot, the entire setup will transform your videos. To inspire you and show you everything I use, I will give you a dedicated video to see my entire shooting setup. Camera, lenses, teleprompter, lights, PC, audio gear, everything. Watch this video and build your perfect setup.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomas_j_mcclure [45 likes]: That ultrawide Top-Down shot to show the angle is genius! I may have to steal that and give you the credit lol
  2. @creatorbreakout [2 likes]: These are great tips, thanks for putting this together!
  3. @BrittneeWiliams [2 likes]: Looks really good🎉
  4. @verdebmx35 [1 likes]: What’s the paint color?
  5. @omvidtech2281 [1 likes]: I try split the difference: a dual purpose working space AND a future YouTube studio because I don't want my workspace to feel like a studio. I don't want to see a lot of rigging, mounts, gear and general "setup" when I'm simply trying to work or watch a movie on the other side of the room. Not only that, I prefer a dark aesthetic when I work--where I only have light where I need it to see. So my evolving setup has to take that into effect. This is easier for me because my setup will be more of a musical performance setup as opposed to a talking head setup. The gear has its own lighting so I only need to provide kickers hear and there. I also don't have traditional video cameras. Just and iPhone 15Pro with Blackmagic cam running through a Magewell HDMI to USB encoder, a Insta 360 Link, an iPhone XS and a few web cams all running through OBS.
  6. @maxdeniel [1 likes]: Nice video bro, thanks..
  7. @colinmeney [1 likes]: Really helpful - thanks 👍
  8. @cristianvantu [1 likes]: You are fantastic! Worth every second.
  9. @gabrielromero36 [1 likes]: Great video Buddy thank you so much for your effort and your professionalism 🍀🫡🫡🫡
  10. @lylyphan6401 [1 likes]: is that 16mm lens suitable for filming real estate and architectural projects, and does it cause distortion of the edges?  
Because I need a camera with a suitable lens for content creators filming vlogs to share real estate knowledge, and I often go to shoot beautiful houses. I hope you can recommend a suitable product. I have subscribed to your channel, which I really enjoy.
  11. @scottmargenau [1 likes]: Where are the links u mentioned?
  12. @scottmargenau [1 likes]: Well done sir!
  13. @MattGowan-u3x [1 likes]: Thank you. Every word of advice was so valuable. Your style and delivery is perfect.  Just what I needed to help me improve my content creation and support my business!
  14. @gravitywellmarketing [1 likes]: Gabriel. Great information. Thank you. I see you lights are bouncing off something. What is that and what is the set up you have overhead for them? Thank you
  15. @GhostStoryGirl [1 likes]: very helpful thank you! Where is your lamp from?
  16. @nannimwuyep [1 likes]: Really good video, man. Your teleprompter video brought me here. Subscribed.
  17. @Joey-i7h9x [1 likes]: Mersi! Gold content
  18. @AlimHAli-eg7gz [1 likes]: how far are you away form the background?
  19. @AlimHAli-eg7gz [1 likes]: what is the distance of the camera and lens from you?
  20. @fleggy123: Thanks!

- TINY Room YouTube Studio Setup That DOES IT ALL!: Kind: captions Language: en today I want to show you how I took my standard YouTube Studio slome off desk area and turned it into this hyper efficient content production space this setup in a super tiny 2x2 m space allows me to record Talking Hat videos from two different angles grab overhead product and unboxing shots shoot thumbnails plus I can test and review certain products edit all the content and store a bunch of my gear in this video I'll share the design of this super small space the different camera setups the lighting setups and everything else that makes this a highly functional workspace I'll also leave links to the gear and all the things I talk about down in the video description so you can go check that out if you're interested all right let's get into it this room was originally a storage room until I turned it into a desk SL yoube area and this is more or less what the room looked like for the past 2 years all the walls were plain white which I think doesn't always look that good on video especially in such a small room as you can see from these talking head shot from the past few years I've gone from a blue orange RGB look to a more neutral look both of which were perfectly fine but over time it just didn't fit the vibe I wanted in my videos so for the wall color I decided to go for a matte black color this would create a much more cozy and Moody Vibe but also help a lot with controlling the lighting to contrast those black walls I put up four of these wooden acoustic panels on the other wall they add a nice neutral accent in the room help with Sound Treatment and apparently vertical lines also tend to make small spaces appear larger and that's another thing that was important to me was having things in this space and in these YouTube talking head shots that kind of reflect a little bit more about me or about this channel let's just call it set dressing I've got a few vintage cameras here some that work and others that don't a cool Edison light bulb for some extra cozy warm Vibes fake plants because there is no natural daylight in this room and of course my silver play button but these shells on the side here were sitting a little bit dark let me just show you so I decided to add these LED strips and diffuser channels underneath to light things up a little bit and behind me here is a canvas print of an arlex 765 now if you've seen my first YouTube Studio tour video you'll already know this but this Frame isn't just there for aesthetic reasons it actually covers a small basement window which as you can tell doesn't look very nice I recently did change the print from a regular frame to a canvas print because it doesn't reflect the light as much and just looks a lot better all right let's move on to essentially the most important part of this workspace and that is the desk this is pretty much where 90% of the entire YouTube Studio lives on and when you're having to work from a small space like this it's vital to make everything as Compact and functional as possible I'm not doing YouTube fulltime so the time I have to create these videos is limited and needs to be spent efficiently the desk itself is the S2 Pro Plus sit stand desk from mates side I've had it for over a year now and the main thing I like about it is this size this this one is 160x 880 CM so there's enough space for everything I have mounted on here plus I can comfortably work on it and also have enough room for top- down shots it has a load capacity of 125 kg which again is great given all the stuff that is on here which we'll get to in a second adjusting the height of the desk is really easy by pressing the up or down buttons on the control panel and I also have two memory buttons set for my sitting or standing height so for example when I press number two the desk will automatically go to my standing height which is great and I probably should stand more because I don't anyway on the desk you'll see this desk shelf which matches the desk really nicely and surprise I actually made it myself it's definitely not perfect but I just didn't want to spend $2 200 or $250 on what is basically a Shelf with three legs this one I built out of a larger piece of acacia wood that I got from the hardware store I had it cut the size then rounded the corners and put some nice oil finishing on it the legs are small pieces of cheap Pine again I had those cut to size and then painted them black finally I glued everything together and got something that I would say looks pretty cool and I think in total I spent maybe 50 bucks now I actually got this idea from Thomas J McClure's Channel and I'll leave the link to his video down below where he goes through all the steps to make one of these if you want to maybe build one yourself all right before we get to all the gear that lives on this desk I just want to mention the new desk chair that flexy spot hooked me up with this is the flexispot C7 ergonomic chair and originally I had a more design chair from Ikea and this one was actually pretty terrible for my back so I upgraded to a more affordable $150 or something ergonomic chair which I found on Amazon that one was fine but when I then got this flexi spot chair it really felt like a true upgrade this one is like $350 which is still reasonably affordable in comparison to some other ergonomic desk chairs on the market it's got really good lumbar support which is adjustable it's got adjustable armrests an adjustable headrest this one is the fully mesh version which I personally really like I think it's very very comfortable I also went for the one that has the foot rest but I honestly wouldn't recommend that one it doesn't really go out far enough to really support your feet and it also feels a little bit flimsy I'm actually worried it might break off if I put too much weight on it so yeah save yourself like 40 bucks or something by not getting the foot rest but besides that I'm really happy with this chair okay so now let's have a look at all the gear that is on the desk here and everything that I use to make these videos here on YouTube starting with the main talking head setup so what you're looking at right now everything for this setup is mounted on the vazon 6-in-1 desk Mount originally I was using all six mounts on here but recently I modified it a little bit and removed a few things so now it's not really a six in one anymore the great thing about mounting things on the desk like this is that you've got a very compact but complete recording setup which is always ready to go so no setting up tripods or stands everything is just mounted and it literally takes like 5 or 10 minutes to start recording the first thing I have mounted on here is my Sony a74 and for these talking head shot I'm using it with a sigma 24 mm f1.4 lens this is the older version of that lens so the autofocus isn't that great but I use manual focus for these talking head shots anyway so no real need to upgrade then I have the Elgato teleprompter mounted on there and honestly I cannot recommend this thing enough I bought it about 10 months ago after first trying one of those smartphone teleprompters and the setup on those is just a total pain in the butt and I found that they never really work that well the Elgato prompto however connects via USBC to your computer and you can do all the settings on there so it's super easy plug and play but the absolute best thing about this one is that it has something called voice sync so the text on the prompter actually moves as you're speaking the words which is just so incredibly incredibly useful I honestly can't even imagine recording a video without this thing anymore the only thing that is a bit unfortunate about using a teleprompter and this is any teleprompter not just the Elgato is that you are limited to a 24 mm lens on full frame you can't go any wider than that because otherwise you'll see the edges of the prompter in the frame moving up on the desk Mount we'll find the monitor I'm using for these Talking Heads This is the port Keys LH 7p I have it attached to the desk Mount using a small rig super clamp this is a 7-in full HD touchscreen monitor and the unique thing about this one is that it features wireless camera control with some Sony and Blackmagic design cameras so I can control a bunch of settings such as color temperature aperture shutter speed or ISO on my Sony 874 as well as start recording directly on the monitor if I need to do that you can even tap the focus on the monitor which is a pretty awesome feature and something you don't see on a lot of other camera monitors besides that the LH 7p has all other common monitor features such as 3D Luts waveforms false color focus peaking grids anamorphic desqueeze and so on it also has four customizable function buttons on the top it's plenty bright at 1,000 nits and you can power it with npf batteries when I'm using it here though I power it with a DC power cable for audio I'm using the coma vm40 Wireless shotgun microphone I recently did a video about this mic and I've been using it as my main mic ever since it can record 32-bit float audio internally so no need to run a cable to the camera plus I get much higher audio quality with that 32-bit float but you can also record with a 3.5 mm Jack if you want to do that or you can even use the wireless receiver and record into the camera like that so you've got pretty much every recording option available on this mic I have it mounted on this boom arm that came with the vion kit and whenever I'm recording the microphone just sits right out of frame another little piece of gear that I've had for years now which I find incredibly useful is this small wireless remote control for the camera I use this to start and stop recording without having to reach over to the camera each and every time this one is made by JJC I bought it on Amazon and it's like half the price of the original Sony remote I use this thing all the time and it's such a little thing that I find really improves my workflow so I can highly recommend it next to the main camera I have another desk Mount and this this is the small rig overhead desk Mount because I do a lot of product videos on this channel as well I shoot a good amount of top- down overhead stuff for showing certain products or shooting unboxing videos and until recently I would always have to take out my tripod move my desk chair set up the tripod mount the camera on there and this whole process was just not very efficient this small rig desk Mount offers a permanent and more streamlined solution for shooting my overhead videos I just extend the arm mount the camera on there plug in the Monitor and I'm good to go and so far it seems to be plenty sturdy and doesn't wobble but what I like most about this one from small rig is that it folds up so when I'm not using it it doesn't take up much space and it's not in the way the camera I use for my top down shots is the Lumix S5 2x which I only just got very recently now it's definitely Overkill to have two cameras but I use these cameras for other stuff as well and when I'm not using them I prefer to for example keep the a74 mounted on there so I can start recording more quickly the big plus of the Lumix S5 2x for overhead shots is that it can record in open gate that means I can repurpose for example unboxing shots for vertical content as well the lens I'm using for these shots is the Lumix 20 to 60 mm f3.5 to f5.6 and this is I believe a kit lens so really really affordable I bought it secondhand for I think it was $180 because I needed a small zoom lens for this setup and honestly it works perfectly and the shots look great I also have a monitor permanently fixed on the small Rick Mount using a small Rick magic arm again this might be overkill for some people but I just wanted to have things permanently there to make the process of recording these videos as fast and efficient as possible having to set up or take down equipment or moving around cables each and every time just started feeling like a huge waste of time anyway this is the hollyland Mars M1 it's the first version of the Mars M1 they've released and I've had it for about 1 and a half years now and it has been acting up from time to time so I might need to swap it out soon but for now and for the setup it works fine this one is also powered with a DC cable so again no batteries here to keep things more efficient as far as lighting goes there are two lights lighting this setup right now my key light here is the nanlite pavos slim 12C and this is an upgrade I've been wanting to do for a while now because for the past 2 and 1/2 years I've had this newer NL 480 LED panel which definitely serves its purpose especially for how cheap that thing was but it wasn't very bright the quality of the light wasn't that good and it was also kind of too small to have a nice wrap around the face the pavos slim 12C is a 60x30 rgbww LED panel it's super thin and lightweight which makes it perfect for this setup as you can see I have it set up above my monitor against the wall and there is no way I would be able to fit a big Co or even a small coob with a soft box here I was also surprised at how incredibly bright this light is I currently have it set at 7% and let me just turn it up to 100 so this is 100% obviously that's way too bright but you can tell that's a lot of output for a relatively small light like this besides offering a byol CCT range of 2700 to 7500 Kelvin it also has full RGB so you can set it to pretty much any color imaginable it also comes with this pop-up soft box so I can easily open or close the soft box if I need a bit more space here and would need to make the light more compact I have the pavos slim mounted on a newer wall mount and these wall mounts are an amazing solution for small spaces like this because you don't need bulky light stands taking up floor space especially for my key light here I simply wouldn't even be able to put a light stand anywhere in this corner the arm turns in all kinds of directions and it for example allows me to swing out the pavos slim and tilt it down which then turns the a slim into a perfect top down light for my overhead shots but I can also for example use it as a colored rim light when I'm doing other kinds of product shots or tutorials the second main light in this setup is again off the floor mounted on a newer wall mount on the other side of the room this is the colore CL 220r which is a 220 W RGB coob light and this light also has a few different functions in this studio so for example for these talking head shots I have the colar projection Mount attached to it with a stripe Gobo inserted and this is what's creating this accent light on the wall you can see behind me here just to add a bit more depth and interest to the shot secondly I can use this as a key light if I want to shoot from a different angle I can just attach a soft box to the light and with the wall mount it's super easy to get it in position so this is what this second talking head shot looks like and I actually kind of like the look of it but I haven't really used it for any other videos yet because it does take a little bit more time to set up but what do you guys think do you prefer this shot or the other talking head shot and thirdly I will use this as a huge overhead light for product shots thumbnails product tutorials and so on the ceiling in this room is white so that means I can simply bounce the CL 220r off the ceiling to create a very large and very soft overhead light so in combination with the pavos slim I have a variety of different lighting setups for pretty much any situation I find myself in when recording these videos now as you could tell I don't have any lights on the floor and that is extremely useful in a small space like this but there are occasions where I do need to set up a light on a light standand and that is when I bring out the I footage Cobra 2 round Bas monopod comparing this to a regular light stand you can immediately tell why I have one of these it takes up way less floor space and at the same time it's still super sturdy now moving on to all the other stuff on this desk here let's call it the editing or office part of this workpace the monitor I've been using for a few years now is the BenQ pd3220u I really love the size of this monitor plus it looks sleek with the thin Edge design and if you're a Mac User like me this monitor makes it super easy to ensure correct color calibration it has an mbook or MacBook mode to match the best color consistency between your MacBook and the monitor but there's also a bunch of other preset color modes you can choose from like Rec 709 Adobe RGB srgb and so on on top of the monitor is the Ben Q screen bar Halo and honestly I never thought of using a screen bar until Ben Q sent me this one like 2 years ago and now I can't imagine working without it anymore besides helping to reduce eye strain it creates a perfect light on the desk without being disturbing or glaring onto the screen plus it doesn't take up any desk space like a regular desk lampwood this one from BenQ also has a backlight and it has a remote where you can adjust things like brightness and the color temperature now you can definitely find more affordable screen bars but I will say that this one is probably one of the best ones out there behind them all monitor I have my 14in MacBook M1 Pro which is where I do all of my editing on and this sits in a wooden MacBook stand made by Cali connected to my MacBook I have the ivank fusion doc Max one which lives under the desk shelf and this dock offers me a bunch of extra connections and allows me to keep my MacBook tucked away in the back in the front it has four USB C ports two USB a ports a headphone jack an SD and a Micro SD card slot and this is great to easily connect SSD d drives or other devices and for unloading SD cards in the back there are another two USBC ports three usba a ports two HDMI ports an ethernet port an optical audio port and another 3.5 mm audio port so besides having more than enough connections four of these USBC connections allow 40 GB per second transfer speeds so transferring footage or working off of ssds is seamless it also connects to my monitor via Thunderbolt which has the ability to offer me 6K at 60 HZ and if that isn't enough this Fusion doc Max one Powers my Mac and basically solves the entire cable and connection mess with only one dual USBC cable so I can honestly say that this single device has cleaned up this desk and made the workflow with my MacBook a lot smoother and more efficient when it comes to the keyboard This is the Kyron k17 Pro mechanical keyboard I used to have a very cheap Amazon keyboard but for the longest time I've been considering upgrading to a proper mechanical keyboard and I finally DEC decided to go for the Kyron k17 Pro because I wanted to have a numpad and because I like the aesthetic of it plus it also makes for a nice looking prop in top down shots my mouse is the Logitech mxm 3s which is if you've ever used it you'll agree hands down the best Mouse money can buy the headphones I use when editing videos are the Bayer Dynamic dt770 Pro headphones they are closed Studio headphones and I like them because they offer excellent sound quality but also they sit very comfortably on your head for long periods of time now another really important part of this space is storage because it's pretty nuts how much gear you end up accumulating over the years and it was really important to me to have some sort of organization system a lot of the more important or most used gear lives in this Ikea Alex drawer under the desk one thing I added to this are these divider organizer thingies so they're basically just pieces of plastic you can connect together and then it divides your drawers and this is a huge help in keeping these drawers somewhat organized and saves me time because I don't have to constantly look for things it also makes for a pretty tidy looking lens drawer which I think looks pretty cool the drawer in the middle is a charging drawer I velcroed a power strip to one side of the drawer and then have all of my charging devices connected to that and tucked away in this drawer obviously when things are charging I keep the drawer open for air circulation the great thing about this power strip is that it has individual onoff switches for each outlet so if I want to only charge one thing I only turn on that one switch I also cut a hole in the back of the Alex unit to feed out the power cable of that power strip so everything looks nice and clean next to the desk I have a bit more storage in this shelf unit that I found on Amazon I like this one because it's black with these fake Walnut shelves so it fits the aesthetic of the room here I store some more gear like different lighting equipment a gimbal drones lenses and things like that but I also have these small parts organizer boxes and this organizer unit that I got from the hardware store and these are great to keep all sorts of screws Allen Keys filters rigging gear and just all sorts of bits and pieces that otherwise just get lost or make a mess all right that pretty much sums up what I have going on here in this little room and everything I use to create these videos now a very very important thing I want you to know is that I didn't get all of these things all at once this workspace is something that I've slowly put together piece by piece over the years to make this into a place that is efficient and functional and where I love to work so don't leave this video thinking you need a bunch of gear to make videos for the longest time I didn't have half of these things and was still able to create videos that were getting views so don't let gear or fancy setups stop you from doing what you want to do anyway that's it for this one I really appreciate you watching and hope you enjoyed the video if you have any questions just leave them down in the comments and I'll see you guys in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @vincentsels [1 likes]: Damn, awesome video and setup, really inspirational. How is that room 2x2 though, it looks rectangular, is that some optical illusion?
  2. @Brosensation [1 likes]: incredible setup! thanks for sharing it I've learned a lot
  3. @tsteele1944 [1 likes]: How do you control the air quality in there?
  4. @GetAIRichesRoadmap [1 likes]: Your set up is sick. I have a small space and it doesn’t look anything like that. So goals to shoot for.
  5. @HexDani: I just love spending my hard earned money on these without even producing a single bit of content. 😂😂😂
  6. @higherground49: Guys, remember this is the end goal, not for someone just starting out. This is his third studio redesign. Loved the aesthetic, will definitely use some of this for designing my studio.
  7. @mrgregpappas: Do you find you get camera shake with that desk mounted camera stand for the unboxing when your hands or arms touch the desktop?
  8. @egedp: Cool!
  9. @NicoSoro: Hey, great video! I’m going through a studio reno so that’s super helpful :) I wanted to ask how you’ve found colour grading and matching between A7IV and S5IIx? I’ve been looking at getting a used S5IIX for pretty cheap so thinking of grabbing one in addition to my Sony.
  10. @Giggle-Archie: And that tiny room is my bedroom. Bed and table for my laptop. So cramped that I can't do any set up in that room 😢
  11. @ScienceAustralis: That's not tiny
  12. @RockXP: 4:38 what kind led bar is in the background?
  13. @SolutionExist: I am planning to build the similar setup.
Initial with one monitor and afterwards, I will add 2nd
I want to know the size which can have mobile set-up to shoot videos like you, 2 monitor and CPU on desk.

Will be happy if you can share the dimensions of your table
  14. @tonirubio5997: El color de la pared es negro puro o un negro mas suave?
  15. @RockXP: Brand of bulb light or link?  Thanks
  16. @ozzzy3z946: My office is a 5' x 6' former laundry room. It's my favorite space in the house.
  17. @Replay-AJ: Wow, what a cool, small, efficient space you created. Thanks for sharing. I like the top down view desk mount you use. I am not a content creator myself but I enjoy seeing how, what others use to make their videos. ❤
  18. @foxysLab: "It's overkill to have 2 cameras"

Is it?! I have 4! 5 if you include my iPhone!
  19. @TheMadSciontist: Just a thought for consideration, i would practice train your script voice to sound a little less robotic and monotone, i know teleprompters can be a great benefit but there is hardly any emotion or inflections in your voice when you are reading a script which makes videos like this quite hard to watch for more than 2-3 mins.
  20. @pyschointellectual: looks freaking great dood

- How to TRANSFORM Your Bedroom into a YouTube Studio: Kind: captions Language: en as a YouTuber your studio is your first impression but as a beginner it can be difficult to make it look professional but with these four tips you can make sure that your first impression brings your viewers back for more what's up guys I'm Kyle and in this video I'll be showing you guys the four and a half things I do to change my boring old bedroom into a studio space that's got my channel over 60,000 views in the last 90 days the space that you create content in doesn't have to be elaborate or expensive but it does have a major effect on how people perceive you and your content so it's important to make sure that it looks and sounds its best you can affect views subscribers branding monetization and even audio quality so my first tip and the thing I do before every single video that I make is clean up like many of you my bedroom is my studio so inevitably things get messy but having a clean and organized space lets the viewer focus on what's important you it will keep them from having to fight the urge to look over at the pile of dirty laundry in the background most of the time I just push stuff behind the bed or behind the camera but there's also a trick you can use for those things that you just can't move you can take a screenshot of your video put it into Photoshop use generative AI to get rid of that object and then export an overlay and just put it on top of your video to get rid of it completely I'll make a separate video about how to do that later on the next thing I do is put my camera in the closet like for real it's in the closet right now background separation and clean audio are two telltale signs of a credible YouTube channel now most people think that comes from expensive gear and that's partially true but the same thing can be achieved completely for free for example my room is not that big so it's difficult to get a really blurry background and the Acoustics aren't the best best but putting your camera in your closet is a great trick that I found that fixes both of these issues first off this pushes the camera as far back as possible letting me move up and create space between myself and the background and as we all know the further away their subject is from the background the more blurry it'll be secondly instead of talking straight into a wall and having my voice bounce right back into the mic I'm talking into a wall of clothes that are soft and reduce the Echo and rebirth in the room they're like expensive acoustic panels that you can wear now the last two tips have to do with lighting I've personally found lighting to be the biggest Difference Maker when it comes to the visuals of my videos lenses and Camera bodies can only do so much whereas lighting can literally change the way people perceive you bad lighting shows you're an amateur you don't really know what you're doing and whatever you're talking about probably won't have any value whereas good lighting can signal to viewers that you know what you're talking about and have invested time not only into your craft but also into the video that they're watching the best way to start this process is to turn off your overhead lights overhead lights are the death of cinematic content the reason for this is the same as why photographers never shoot in midday Sun small light sources positioned directly above the subject creates weird and unflattering Shadows on the face it also gives a nice Blank Slate for us to work with so turn them off but that means you got to get yourself a light I'm actually using the very first video light I ever bought right now for this shot it's just a generic $35 fold up soft box that I got from Amazon that has a fluorescent light bulb inside of it no dimmer no temperature changes just on and off and it works great but for those of you guys with a slightly bigger budget I definitely recommend getting a cheap cob light like the amaran 60 CD or the zun molus X100 and putting a softbox or Lantern attachment onto it regardless of what you get positioning is key so this is how I set mine up I always have the light position slightly above me pointing down towards my face then depending on how dramatic of a look I want I could have it either right in front of me slightly offset or very offset I personally like it angled about 45° from center now that you have your key light you're going to need some background light and some fill light as well so my final tip is to just use lamps I have two lamps in my room I spent $20 on Facebook Marketplace for this one and then like 50 at Ikea for this one just cuz I liked it and then bonus tip inside of those lamps I'm using these goie smart light bulbs so I have control over the brightness and color of each of them and then inside the app you can actually create presets for them and you can add a widget to your home screen with those presets so you can set up your background Lighting in just one tap if you use all five of these tips I guarantee the quality of your videos will improve drastically but if you're more interested in camera gear rather than boring old lighting check out this video where I talk about the most Le on camera when it comes to YouTube and content creation or this one where I compare budget wireless microphones to the more expensive DJI mic 2 thanks for watching subscribe for more content from me in the future and I'll see you guys in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @egor.berezhnoy [3 likes]: Don't quit the channel, your videos are interesting to watch!
  2. @raulgolfs [2 likes]: Bro, you got me pumped to set up my small spare bedroom as a new studio. Appreciate this vid man keep up the good work.
  3. @Sidreallife [1 likes]: appreciate the ideas. will implement those.
  4. @AllanGildea [1 likes]: Excellent. Thank you.
  5. @jackmulkerrin5637: your room aint that big? brother be grateful, that room is big enough.
  6. @vilenoire: i loved this! the vibe, clean/professional setting and how well the dialogue was delivered all while being a shorter video (i subscribed lol)
  7. @Andy-Cortina: I can use a phone right?
  8. @AceYourMindset-k3r: ❤❤❤
  9. @StudioTech14: Thanks for the video! It really helps.
  10. @pixelpartygames: Nailed it dude. I am stoked to have found your channel
  11. @okeowoifeoluwa_: Wow, thank you.
  12. @SeboleloTheEstateAgent: Thanks Kyle
  13. @CrimesAgainstComfort: The gen ai trick is SMART
  14. @komenzmusic1342: Great video. Thanks
  15. @owenrexx: I appreciate these tips man, really helpful
  16. @NirajNaveen-l9z: Your room is bigger than mine btw good tips
  17. @debrabardensteele9942: Hey, random question:
How do you deal with background + sound when you’re recording in a small or shared space?
I’m researching this problem and your setup made me curious.
  18. @egor.berezhnoy: Thank you! I'll use these tips in my next video :)
  19. @LewisThompsonMilne: "experience acoustic panels that you can wear" has to be one of the best things I've heard in 2025. Nailed it!
  20. @BryanMcPherson: Super helpful video. Many thanks

- How to Make YouTube Videos – Plan, Shoot, Edit, Post, Grow: Kind: captions Language: en-US A good video... Grabs your attention.&nbsp; Tells you a compelling story. And gives you a new perspective on things.&nbsp; At least, that's what I aim for in my content. Hello, I'm Matthew Encina. I’ve been making videos for a long time.&nbsp;&nbsp; From TV commercials, to music&nbsp; videos, to content here on Youtube.&nbsp; In this video, I'll share my Youtube filmmaking&nbsp; process and my favorite tools and tips so you&nbsp;&nbsp; can improve your own content. Before I begin, I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; thank ASUS for sponsoring this video. My process starts by asking a simple question:&nbsp; "what's the point?" It may sound overly simplistic and obvious.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you don’t have a clear answer&nbsp; to this early on, you’re going to waste&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of time throughout the process. You’ll shoot things that don’t matter.&nbsp; Overwhelm yourself, sorting through footage. And you’ll be wrestling with a convoluted&nbsp;&nbsp; story until you know the point of it all. When you have a clear direction, you’ll capture&nbsp;&nbsp; with intent, and can focus your creative efforts. If you're like me, you make content because you&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy it, and want to share your message&nbsp; with an audience you can connect to.&nbsp; But how do you know if they’ll care? One way to test the viability of your ideas,&nbsp;&nbsp; is to see if people are already searching&nbsp; for the subject you're covering.&nbsp; I use a tool called Tubebuddy, because&nbsp; it helps me determine how big of an&nbsp;&nbsp; appetite there is for my type of content. I research different keywords, to find what&nbsp;&nbsp; people are searching for. I do my best to align&nbsp; my own ideas, with those popular search phrases.&nbsp; Then I aim to make my content better, unique&nbsp; and different from what’s out there, to stand&nbsp;&nbsp; out amongst all of the noise. Before I shoot anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; I build a script and shot list. This gives me&nbsp; an idea of what the final video will look like.&nbsp; Of course, this is just a place to&nbsp; start from. Once I start shooting,&nbsp;&nbsp; I end up finding new angles, and my story&nbsp; develops as I work through the process.&nbsp; Having a good plan helps take a big project,&nbsp; and break it down into small manageable tasks.&nbsp;&nbsp; This helps me gauge how much work needs to get&nbsp; done, so I can set aside enough time for it.&nbsp; With a plan in place, I'm ready to shoot. I usually aim to cover at least 1 wide shot&nbsp;&nbsp; to establish the scene, a medium shot to focus&nbsp; on the subject, and 3-5 close up detail shots&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep the viewer visually stimulated. I tend to look for things in the space&nbsp;&nbsp; that describe the character of the scene.&nbsp; Putting the camera in unexpected places,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving the viewer visual surprises. When you’re capturing B-roll shots like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure to capture a wide variety shots,&nbsp; and get at least 20 seconds per clip.&nbsp; Having this kind of coverage will give&nbsp; you a lot to play with in the edit.&nbsp;&nbsp; You’ll thank yourself later. While it’s nice to have good camera gear,&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t underestimate what you can accomplish&nbsp; with the one you already have in your pocket.&nbsp; I use shots from my phone all&nbsp; the time, and for the most part,&nbsp;&nbsp; the footage looks as good as my fancy cameras. Don’t let lack of gear stop you from making.&nbsp; I try to put a lot of care&nbsp; into audio of my content.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sound is half of the experience. Many would&nbsp; argue that it's more important than the visuals.&nbsp; When I shoot my footage, I always try to capture&nbsp; the natural sounds of what's taking place,&nbsp;&nbsp; and layer them into my videos. Just like good b-roll,&nbsp;&nbsp; this secondary audio gives texture&nbsp; and detail to the experience.&nbsp; In most of my videos, I use voice over&nbsp; narration to carry the story along.&nbsp; To record good audio you need to be in a&nbsp; quiet room with good acoustics. Since my&nbsp;&nbsp; office isn't sound treated, I do my recordings in&nbsp; my closet, because the clothes around me eliminate&nbsp;&nbsp; any echo and outside noise. For a rich sound,&nbsp;&nbsp; I speak as close to the microphone as possible&nbsp; to capture the full depth of my voice.&nbsp; Underneath the captured audio, is music. I source my tunes from several music libraries,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I'll list in the description. When you're&nbsp; watching something, music tells you how to feel.&nbsp; I generally like relaxing vibes, so&nbsp; I prefer to use mostly chill beats. When all the shots are in the can, and the files&nbsp; organized on my computer, it's time to edit.&nbsp; I pull in the footage, and line it up with my&nbsp; narration, to make my rough cut. This helps me&nbsp;&nbsp; see how well the story has come together. If I feel like I’m missing something,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ll do a pick up shoot, to get the shots&nbsp; and audio I need to complete the story.&nbsp; Then I do several more passes on the edit to&nbsp; trim out excess, and refine my story points.&nbsp; To stay organized, I color code the sections of&nbsp; my edit to match my script and shot list. This&nbsp;&nbsp; helps me easily identify each section of my story. Being a good editor requires you to be emotionally&nbsp;&nbsp; detached from what you shot, and solely&nbsp; focused on what you're trying to communicate.&nbsp; Every shot should have a purpose. And every&nbsp; sequence should move the story forward.&nbsp; Everything else... should be edited out.&nbsp; One of my favorite parts of the&nbsp; post-production process is color.&nbsp; This is where I take the footage I’ve shot,&nbsp; color correct it, and then add a little color&nbsp;&nbsp; grading to enhance the look of my picture. For most of my shots, I like to slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; overexpose them and add a classic&nbsp; orange and teal color grade on top.&nbsp; When you’re working on any kind&nbsp; of color-sensitive imagery,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s important to have an accurate monitor. The ASUS ProArt Display PA278QV&nbsp;&nbsp; is a monitor designed for creatives&nbsp; who need color-accuracy for their work.&nbsp; It's a 27" IPS panel Monitor with a 75Hz&nbsp; refresh rate and Adaptive-sync technology.&nbsp; This monitor has 100% sRGB and&nbsp; 100% Rec. 709 wide color gamut,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can see more details when&nbsp; you’re fine tuning your visuals.&nbsp; It's Calman Verified to guarantee color&nbsp; accuracy, by Hollywood post-production&nbsp;&nbsp; standards, and arrives pre-calibrated so&nbsp; you can get to work, right out of the box.&nbsp; The ergonomic stand allows you to&nbsp; adjust the height, angle, and rotation,&nbsp;&nbsp; to meet the needs of your setup, whether you're&nbsp; editing videos or working on a full-page design.&nbsp; The monitor has plenty of ports so you can&nbsp; connect multiple devices and peripherals while&nbsp;&nbsp; maintaining clean cable management. It also has built-in features like&nbsp; the ProArt Preset, which provides multiple&nbsp; modes for quick color-gamut adjustments&nbsp; Eye Care Technology to reduce eye&nbsp; strain from long viewing sessions&nbsp; and a handy QuickFit feature to preview&nbsp; your print files and grid alignment.&nbsp; If you work on images or videos, and you need a&nbsp; color-accurate monitor that won't break the bank,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ProArt Display PA278QV&nbsp; is designed just for you.&nbsp; And if you’re looking for a 24”&nbsp; monitor, ASUS also has the PA248QV. After a video is colored, mixed, and rendered&nbsp; out, it’s ready to be published online.&nbsp; I upload to Youtube Give it a search-friendly title,&nbsp;&nbsp; by including the keywords I discovered in&nbsp; my research at the beginning of the process.&nbsp; And then give it an interesting&nbsp; thumbnail to draw people in.&nbsp; The thumbnail and title are the&nbsp; most important elements to nail,&nbsp;&nbsp; outside of making good content. It's your first impression on your&nbsp;&nbsp; potential audience. If you can't get them to&nbsp; click through, they'll never see your video.&nbsp; Once published, I monitor the performance of&nbsp; my videos over the next few days and weeks.&nbsp; Specifically, I study the comments,&nbsp; views, click-through rate, and retention.&nbsp;&nbsp; To see what areas I can improve. I closely watch the Youtube analytics,&nbsp;&nbsp; and continue to A/B test different&nbsp; thumbnails and titles, using TubeBuddy.&nbsp; These small adjustments help me improve&nbsp; the click-through rate on my videos&nbsp;&nbsp; so the Youtube algorithm is more likely&nbsp; to pick up and promote my content.&nbsp; Some videos take a few days to&nbsp; pick up, others a few weeks.&nbsp; These post-publish adjustments can make a huge&nbsp; difference in the overall success of a video.&nbsp; And that's an overview of&nbsp; my video production process.&nbsp; These are the methods I've used to grow&nbsp; this channel, and the two others I work on.&nbsp; There are so many more details to my process, From research and writing...&nbsp; to the craft of film and editing, to understanding the platform, how it works,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how to make sense of your analytics. Because there's so much to the process, I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; currently developing a detailed&nbsp; course about video content creation.&nbsp; If you're interested in learning more from me,&nbsp;&nbsp; sign up for my email newsletter, and&nbsp; be the first to know when it goes live.&nbsp; If you have any questions, drop them in the&nbsp; comments and I'll do my best to answer them.&nbsp; I’ve also left links to my camera gear, and&nbsp; additional resources in the description below.&nbsp; With that out of the way,&nbsp; it's time to get back to work.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MatthewEncina [14 likes]: 📝 Check out my Video Production Template for Notion: https://www.modmusings.com/video-production-template/
  2. @NoScrewsLoose [1 likes]: i really like the look of this video. i wonder how much of it is the camera or how much of it is the lighting setup, if there is any
  3. @summitwithephrem [1 likes]: In case you missed it, this video is INSANELY simple. He doesn't use sound effects, he doesn't use transitions, heck, he doesn't even use screen recordings! All he does is shoot, record his voice, add in some music, and color grade. It doesn't need to be complicated. Start simple, and if you KNOW that you can add something of value, give it a try. But simple is the BEST place to start, 100%.
  4. @Pixellava [1 likes]: Wonderful, thank you!
  5. @Yustimm2 [1 likes]: being a newbie tnx a lot for the tips!! could you share what editing programm do you use? i was told movavi is pretty good for that
  6. @ziilima [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOs5lE0qa1o&list=WL&index=2&t=9s
this video look very similar
  7. @StevenHVu-g7q [1 likes]: I really like your content, which helps me much in preparing for personal brand strategies
  8. @ClaytonMurzyn [1 likes]: Thank you very mucn
  9. @Patatas562 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this!
  10. @deepinthedarkdiving [1 likes]: Hi there.
I loved this video, very art-house and some lovely shots. 
However most of the videos I'm seeing are in relation to people like yourself geared to making money from affiliate links. In this case a monitor where you can make a video based on a few very nicely framed shots around the office. And I don't mean to be a douche here, I fully understand that what you do is an art but I'm just framing my point which will hopefully become apparent. 

So I make a product, I manufacture cave diving gear. I start from raw materials and I end up with a lovely product. I'd like to start a channel simply titled building dive gear but I'm struggling to find inspiration on how I would make a lasting channel with fresh content. I also use some manufacturing techniques that I'd like to keep a secret but they would also be juicy for people to see. So I wonder if you would have tips for this as it seems to be an idea with a short lifespan or something that is just difficult to square the circle.
Keep up the good work on the videos though, it's nice to see people just making nice videos rather than shouty overzealous Americans :-) 
Jools
  11. @GabeOfficial03 [1 likes]: free game!
  12. @devanshbhandari744 [1 likes]: Good narration I didn’t even realised I have watched a segment of Asus monitor that was surely from a sponsor it was blended in so beautifully ❤
  13. @maruyamaanna7639: Which app are you using in 2:01 ?
  14. @TheBecomingBetterProject: Can you help explain what goes into writing a script and research? Thank you!!
  15. @Talesfromtoday: Imo really annoying to get sponsor ads in YouTube videos. I already pay premium to not get adds only for every YouTuber to put sponsor adds in the video themselves
  16. @TexasTiger21: I have that monitor, LOOVEE her!
  17. @harry_rotter: Casey Neistat likes this video.
  18. @ifele_art: Thank you ❤ I needed this
  19. @pfinhulk6726: Soo... I'm actually thinking about starting to do Youtube. Let's collect my thoughts:
What's the point? Documenting changes during an interesting part of my life, having it neatly sorted somewhere and shareable with other people. Maybe even people in the same situation find these, just like I did of some folks before me doing the same. Also having fun trying something new.
What do I want to say? Everything that might be worth remembering for me.
Why do I want to share this? I watched so much of this content growing up and it really eased the pressure I was feeling. I watch a bunch of that stuff right now to know what to expect in the time that is coming up now. 
What Question am I answering? How did the medical part of transition change me and my life
What is the target audience? Me, my friends and maybe some other trans folks

Yeah, got no Idea what I'm doing though
  20. @yasminmiller1132: Can I pay somebody to do these for me? I have tried and tried I will never ever ever be able to do these! It’s too hard. I don’t understand, I’ve tried to so many times! Even with CapCut, I’m crap with technology 😢

- 4 Editing Secrets Small Channels Learn Too Late: Kind: captions Language: en - Let's talk about editing. (singing) Editing, editing, editing! Let's talk about editing. (mouse clicks) Hi, thanks for coming to my channel, where I teach people guitar things that wanna learn about guitar. If this video helps, please make sure to hit, no! This guy is a brand new creator. Let's call him John Scott. Now, John here started a channel. He had a video idea and most importantly, he hit record, but John has one problem. He's boring. Hey! More importantly, his videos are boring, but he's about to change all that. I am? In the next few minutes, John's audience will go from watching 3% of his videos to 60% of his videos, which it's a pretty big number for him because he's so boring! The first thing John needs to do is focus on something that we've talked a lot about here at vidIQ, but it's my version of it. Can you guess what it is? (screen whooshing dramatically) - Don't you dare make this a fishing hook! (screen whooshing) All right, then. - Now, a hook is super important, but a hook gets made in the writing process. But this video is about editing. Guys! Let's talk about something I call visual hooks. You know how when you hover over videos on YouTube, it'll start playing the video without audio? Consider that moment the opportunity for a visual hook. For example, the beginning of this video, the visual hook was a barbershop quartet all harmonizing with each other while the written hook was about how John Scott got viewers to. Oh my God, John! There are all kinds of ways to do visual hooks and all the best creators use them. Sometimes, creators can even get big enough to where their face becomes a visual hook in itself. Now, let's take a look and see how John applied what he learned about visual hooks. (guitar playing) (mouse clicking) Groovy. Let's learn how to play it. Groovy indeed. John used his backyard, a scene change, some creative camera angles, and even a little lens flare to give his intro some pizzaz. He even did it without going over the top. Visual hooks don't always need to be flashy. They just need to catch the eye and keep attention. Besides, John's video is about guitar education, so it's not like a Mr. Beast style intro would work here. I'm gonna teach you how to play this chord progression and if you can figure it out before this timer gets to zero, then you'll have learned something new! (dramatic whooshing) Visual hooks. All right, next. Okay, so you put your index finger on all the four frets, on all the strings on the fourth fret. Stop! (sighs) John, I would hate to be a beginner guitar player. Why? Because this is the moment that I would quit. No offense. None taken? The next thing John needs to know about is simple cuts. specifically two types of cuts. I am saying something and now, I'm saying something else. What the camera did right there, that was a cut-in and this is a cut-back or a cut-out. I like to say cut back because it's like you cut back to where you just were, you know? Okay. These two little cuts can help emphasize a point, create momentum, and most importantly, keep the viewers' attention. There are a bunch of other different types of cuts, which I'll go into in another video, but for now, just to keep things fresh, cut-in, cut-back. Simple cuts out of the way. Now, we're onto simple moves. When you involve motion, that's when things get real not boring. This is a push in. This is a pull out. This is a pan. This is a zoom. These ain't your grandfather's camera movements! Technology is wonderful, and even if we didn't move the camera when we were recording, we can animate it when we're editing. You see this little handheld movement I got going on here? Ain't nobody holding that camera. So now that we've learned about some simple cuts in motion, let's take a look and see how John has made it work for him. So it starts with a bar on the fourth fret while muting the top string with your index finger like so. Then use your ring finger to hammer on the sixth fret of the D string and your middle finger to hammer on the fifth fret of the B string. This shot right here brings me to my next point. It's really important for John intermingle different types of footage so the viewer doesn't have to struggle with seeing his face so much. Since John's video is more of a hands-on tutorial, most of his footage would be considered A-roll or primary footage. It's the content that carries the message of the video. But what about B-roll, you ask? Or is there a C-roll or E-roll or T-roll? (soft dramatic music) Well, it kind of depends on the video type. See, the video you're watching right now is more of a educational entertainment type, so B-roll works really well in these types of videos. I could be explaining how when it comes to content creation, there are so many ways to express yourself and make your mark on YouTube. The world is your oyster! All that footage right there, that was B-roll. B-roll is footage used to add depth and keep the audience engaged by breaking up the monotony of the A-roll. But keep in mind, there's no need to overcomplicate it. If it doesn't fit, don't use it. But if it does fit, take the opportunity to mix up your footage so it keeps your viewers interested. So, now that we've learned all these things, let's check in on John and see how he's doing. (soft upbeat guitar music) John? Okay, well, maybe he's out celebrating all that new watch time. I don't know. Speaking of which, the last video that I did for vidIQ, I implemented all these tips and it killed and I would love it if you would go check it out and comment when you see something that I've mentioned here. Be like, "Hey, John, I see what you did there. I saw what you did. I know the things that you know. I know these things that you know. I do these things that you do. I learned these things from you and now I do them in my video." Thief! (door closing)

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [100 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @xy-123-xy [1 likes]: 1:03
  3. @satanm8c40 [1 likes]: Genuinely a good informative video
  4. @TheFatCatReport [1 likes]: i like this guy
  5. @kgCaptures: If theres anyone looking for video editing, lmk
  6. @forgottenman8629: it wasn't within 15 seconds that this vid went away; he talked I turned off.

wanna increase viewers? Zero talking...
  7. @ehkendo: 🎉🎉🎉❤
  8. @mythical6ix: Could u make a video on how to do voicing?
  9. @javiertea125: wow
  10. @JimWalkEmDownEvans: John Scott has double my subs in the first 30 seconds bruh
  11. @Frank.102-g5m: Nice video, the hook tips were clear, practical, and really helpful for creators 👍
  12. @esmondpuy: There is such a thing as over editing…
  13. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  14. @Kazi_pro0: nic tip!
  15. @GlitzGlamkre8: Great editing!! I can’t wait to learn more😄
  16. @dairyshot221: The concept of visual hooks is so important for capturing attention right from the start, Using simple cuts and varied footage really makes a massive difference in keeping a tutorial engaging🎥🎸🚀
  17. @hallowandhearth: Watching this in April 2026
  18. @janmegela1782: Well done man, well explained and engaging. Really TOP work.
  19. @iHuddv: what happens when your retention isn't the problem just engagement is..

eg. most of my videos get over 100% retention but low engagement so youtube stops pushing it
  20. @frankmartinez2987: Okay, only 90 seconds in and I’m subscribing. Thanks!

- Total Beginner’s Guide to Video Editing: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so your first shoot is complete. You have your footage in hand but what's next? How do you turn what you shot into a great video? It's all at your fingertips with the power of editing. So pull up a chair, fire up that computer and let me show you some important steps to turn your idea into reality. Hi everyone, it's Kia, and my channel is TheNotoriousKIA. I've been creating videos on YouTube for over six years and I can't overstate the importance of editing. Here are twelve steps that are the basics you need to know. Remember, you'll develop your own editing style as you practice more but these are simple tips to help you get started. What's interesting is that editing begins long before the first cut. It starts on the shoot. Step one: Multiple takes. You may want to think about doing multiple takes of shots so you have plenty of performance options to choose from. Also, make sure you get all the wide shots you need and any close-ups that you want your audience to focus on. Step two: Back up your footage. Once you've completed a successful shoot, backup and transfer your footage immediately. I've heard so many stories of creators leaving memory cards in cabs or at airports and sometimes you won't be able to reshoot. So get that footage copied and somewhere safe quickly. Step three: Your edit space. Where you edit is very important. Make sure you find somewhere quiet where you can focus you can even throw on a little music to set the vibe. Step four: Organising your files. Import your footage and organise it into folders like you organise computer files in general. The more preparation you do sorting footage into the right place the better. It will save you hours later when you're looking for the one shot you can't find. Trust me. Step five: Watch your footage. Spend time watching every single shot. This helps you familiarise yourself with all your footage. Step six: Beginning to edit. Finally. Mark the best takes then lay them into a sequence in order on your timeline. This is called an assembly edit. It means you have all your top content in one place roughly following the storyline. Step seven: Fine cutting. Next you start cutting the shots down further removing the beginning and the end of them and creating your story. Consider removing any 'um's and 'ah's and any long pauses or boring parts. The goal is to really make your video move in a quick and efficient way. Jump cutting is often used to allow you to truncate time and move forward quickly and efficiently. Here's an example. The weather is really humid in New York. So I put it in a pineapple, and I wash my hair weekly. Those are two questions that I get a lot. If you want to do something slightly more advanced transitions are how you add variety and are an effective way to maintain the pace of the video. These are things like dissolves between shots or fades which give the feeling of time passing. Another fun transition is the wipe, which can come in a lot of different styles. Some programs have automatic transitions as well as many options to customise them exactly the way you want. Step eight: Watch over and over, pause and do it again. Watch your video sequence down over and over again. The more times you watch it, the more you'll feel when it gets too slow or where you need to edit something out or if you need to explain moments in more detail. At some point, I always get too close to my work and I need to step away so I take my dog for a walk or I grab something to eat and I come back later, even the next day, for a fresh perspective. Believe me, this always helps. Step nine: Building up your edit. Consider adding B-roll and title cards or text call-outs. B-roll is supplemental footage or images that support the story. It usually is inter-cut with whatever your main shot is and is used to show and tell what's going on. And a title card goes at the beginning of your video, like this which, like the title of a story, helps you set up what your audience is about to see. Text call-outs are engaging ways to highlight important facts you want to bring to everyone's attention. They can be a lot of fun like this and make sure you lay out all your titles on a separate layer to the footage so it's clear to see and easy to make changes. As your video edit shapes up remember to add time for you in-screen elements like imagery for other related videos you want to promote or to encourage people to subscribe. Step ten: Working with sound. This is all about the importance of sound. Sound? Audiences usually don't mind bad lighting but they can't stand watching a video where they can't hear what's going on. So record your sound well. And music is also very important, it sets the tone for your content. One of the best places to find great music is the YouTube Audio Library where all the tracks are free to use without issues. Step eleven: Mixing your sound. You should always try to do some mixing of your sound. This can be daunting but the best rule of thumb is to make sure you can easily hear your voice at all times. So turn the music down so that it supports but doesn't overwhelm the voice and turn it up when nobody is talking for more drama and excitement. Close your eyes and listen to your entire soundtrack and see if anything is too hard to hear or too loud and make adjustments until it sounds good to you. Step twelve: What is colour correction? You can make your video look just the way you like it with colour correction. You can boost up the saturation and make your colours pop and add contrast so your blacks truly look black. Then you're almost done. Watch everything a few more times to check that the cuts, sound and images look exactly how you want them and then you're ready to export. Set the export settings and look to see if your editing software has a specific 'Export for YouTube' option. Export your video onto your computer and then upload it to YouTube. I suggest you upload as 'Unlisted' first. This gives you time to write your title, description and tags. Then when you're ready flip your video to public for the world to see. I hope this video has helped you get started. Remember, editing is where a lot of the magic happens. So find a process that works for you. Check out the Creator Academy course for more information and be sure to subscribe to the YouTube Creators channel for a new video every week! So till next time, peace!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nangphieudu82 [3 likes]: Thank you very much 🎉
  2. @ChrissyPac [1 likes]: Correct
  3. @SteeleByte: Such a solid, clean breakdown, The tip about audiences forgiving bad lighting but never bad audio is so true and constantly overlooked by beginners
  4. @premaganeshan4980: Thanks a lot for the clear Explanation ❤
  5. @GuruBhandalVlogs: Life saving video ❤
  6. @myvienngochoatppham: ❤ thanks you
  7. @MadhavKeshav-t9j: Very nice ❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉
  8. @JjjjGgggh-b1u: ❤ 0:51 t
  9. @JjjjGgggh-b1u: ❤
  10. @ВолодяКалугін: 😊Дякую щиро!!!
  11. @MuhammadSanihudu-g8v: Aesthetic ❤ 0:35
  12. @prm4uofficial: Отличная структура по этапам — особенно полезно разделение на 12 шагов, так проще не потеряться в процессе. Один момент, который хорошо дополняет тему: попробуйте делать «грубый монтаж» на первом проходе, вырезая только явный брак, а цветокор и звук оставлять на второй — это реально ускоряет workflow и снижает усталость от проекта. А вы сами в каком порядке обычно работаете — сначала звук или картинка? 🎬
  13. @GALEplayRoblox: Ty
  14. @ishaanslife_yt: This video is for some reason, super inspiring!
  15. @Aebike-z5k: ❤❤❤
  16. @gildasilva8705: Nesecito tu ayuda tengo un sueno de ser YouTuber
  17. @KingsAQueens: What editing app you recommend?
  18. @madankumarjha699: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤
  19. @tuandaydovlog: YouTube chia sẻ rất hữu ích cám ơn nhiều nhé 🎉
  20. @JourneyK-m6t: Thanks 😊

- How to Create Videos That STAND OUT | Plan, Shoot, Edit, Grow: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I love this I could be doing the most mundane thing and Bam an idea is naturally born so from the idea let me put you on my creative filming process from all the pre-planning to a short post-production process I'm gonna put you on game to be honest I am the writer the shooter the subject editor and although collaboration is important and super fun don't let that stop you from going out and already doing it yourself so hence don't win around for things to happen for you go out and do it yourself what's up everyone is desireeck aka the capture if you're new here welcome I'm a filmmaker and content creator sharing all tips tricks and hacks helping you become a better one yourself if you've been here already grateful to have you back in this video I'm gonna put you on my creative process and share my favorite tools and tips so you can improve your own content my whole process from pre-planned to overall execution starts by asking a few simple questions what's the point and what kind of value if any am I providing to the audience it seems simplistic and obvious but if you don't have a clear answer early on you might waste time throughout the process because you could end up shooting things that don't matter or become overwhelmed trying to put together your video so when you have a clear Direction you end up capturing with intent and focus on the overall point and purpose if you're like me and you make content because you're having fun on with it and want to connect with and Inspire your audience you might ask how do you know if they'll care one way to test this out is to use like a search engine right whether you're on Tick Tock Instagram or YouTube but same with researching hashtags on social media platforms um hashtags like that are in your Niche and seeing which video topics are doing pretty well so before I shoot anything unless it's on the spot I always build a script and a shot list this is extremely helpful with knowing what to film and gives an idea of what the final video will potentially look like to be quite honest though don't be so overwhelmed with this process when you're first starting out it is a good thing to do but I can see how feeling like you have to do it can kill your creative process in the early stages of a filmmaker or a content creator so do what we're works best for you with that being said this is just a place to start from because once I start shooting on location I discover new angles and my story develops as I work through the process so try not to be so fixed on the idea let it breathe and expand if needed for me it can start with looking like this a ton of gibberish writing because I'm wanting to get that first idea or Instinct written or typed out from there I go ahead and organize and expand it electronically like this this helps me gauge how much work needs to get done so I'm prepared to set aside enough time for it with my plan place and everything ready we're pretty much ready to shoot when I began filming I always start with three main shots one the wide shot this helps establish the scene of where your video or story will take place too the medium shot this helps focus on the subject or what they're doing at a little bit of a tighter angle and lastly the close-up detail shots to keep the viewer visually stimulated you can always capture way more than you had planned and when you're capturing b-roll make sure to capture a wide variety of different types of shots and get at least 15 to 20 seconds of each clip having this type of coverage will give you a lot to play with in the editing process most times I am typically filming alone so it's great to have a tripod a wireless monitor in this case I use a monitor Plus app which works for my Sony camera and most importantly be aware of your surroundings making sure you're safe and also your game Year yes it is nice to have fancy or good camera gear but don't underestimate what you can get done with the one you have in your pocket your phone so generally phones nowadays have super good quality depending on how you film it and essentially color rate it so don't let the lack of gear stop you from creating don't be afraid of messing up we ain't perfect so don't expect Perfection from your craft instead embrace the bloopers and just have fun with it if there's anything you should invest in it is audio gear sound is half the experience and this took me a long time to realize because I could agree with others that it's kind of more important than the visuals in some cases besides the audio that is used for me talking I always like to layer it with ambient sounds from the environments that you see for example typing on the keyboard or the mouse clicking nature sounds and all that stuff also even sound design in some cases if it makes sense it gives this extra element texture and detail to the overall experience for the audience for my recordings I have a few ways that I record audio so when I'm out and about I'm usually just miked up using the rode Wireless go or the DJI wireless mic it just makes it super convenient that I just clip it on me or I hold it in my hand instead of having to set everything up because on the other hand when I'm filming at home or some interior location where I have control over the environment I have two options to to capture clean audio one I'll either use my zoom H5 and connect the rode ntg shotgun mic to my zoom H5 using an XLR cable or I'll plug in my rode videomic directly into my camera and unplug the transmitter into the rode NCG video mic to make it Wireless and acts as a wireless shotgun mic so for the shotgun mic I'll usually have it rigged on this arm Link in bio for all the gear that I use and attach it to anywhere it's convenient right over where I'm talking making sure it's pointed at my mouth because as a directional shotgun mic if I'm to turn over here you could tell that my voice will be a little more faded compared to when it's directly in front of the mic now underneath all the ambient sounds sound design and my voiceover is music I Source my music from one website specifically which is epidemic sound not sponsored by the way I really do pull all my stuff from there my sound effects and my music I generally like something that goes with the video overall because that will indeed set the tone of your scene and pretty much tell your audience how they should feel post-production is almost where the magic comes to life really if you miss the shot you could always finesse it and it's magical and I would say organization is important throughout the whole process so once I load in my footage from my SD card to my drive this is how I ensure my files stay organized it's by creating folders and properly naming it this helps especially when importing your folders into Premiere as the bins are organized similarly so simply explain my post-production steps I'm going to generally break it down for you so once I have my a-roll footage which is this clip here onto my timeline I begin with coloring my a-roll talking head footage then editing it so I'll trim off any empty spaces and bloopers ensuring the first layer cut is tight and clean after that I begin editing my intro for this it's the scene at the grocery store so this is the opening of the video you and you want your audience to stay engaged so for that I layer it with music so I know what the vibe of the video will end up being and layer it with any b-roll if I feel like it needs it I personally think it's necessary to add a second layer of footage to keep my viewers engaged so in this case I always add b-roll that accompanies what I'm saying so you don't always have to add this part all of the creators are different but when I State examples I feel like it's best to show what I mean or you know to Simply cover jump Cuts once I have that all done pretty much my timeline my aerial and my b-roll next I start to create breaks in between my sections so it gives my video a breather and also during this part I add any graphic elements like titles overlays sound designs and music this also isn't necessary it's just more of a creative Choice lastly but not lastly because there is a lot in between this is just my general breakdown my favorite part color grading this can honestly take up most of the time I would say for my post process actually I usually just color it in Premiere starting with inputting my s-log 3 Lut or Rex 709 which brings back the natural look of the clip because I shoot in slog3 but my slog3 Lut is in the description below so from there I'll just start playing around with my curves Wheels colors and all the elements in the Luma Tree tab color grading it until I'm pretty satisfied with the look and the overall feel there is a full video on my color grading process from scratch linked below or up here overall embrace your creativity and passion don't let gear hold you back and don't let fear be the reason you don't pursue your creativity your ideas or your passion making videos is a form of self-expression so Embrace being you and your unique creativity letting your passion shine I do whatever type of thing you do start with what you have learn and improve continuously be consistent and persistent experiment and take risks engage with other people and most importantly stay true to yourself the biggest thing I carry and what's gotten me this far is commitment consistency determination dedication and the passion to want to share this type of information with you so you can grow into the greatest being creative person you can be because to be honest you can have the idea and see it clearly but if you don't have the determination to get up and execute it it means absolutely nothing so go out there embrace your creativity and share your unique voice within the world alright y'all I truly hope you took something away from this video yo so make sure you like comment share and subscribe and turn on them post notifications on because I am coming in hot with some fire content I'm telling y'all I appreciate you for tuning in go out be you create and I shall see you in the next video peace thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @RandomBlue86: I need to fully finish my first video! I want it to be good but I’m scared to post it, but with this video I feel I need to really just go!
  2. @ClayDayONE: I truly love this video!!!
  3. @siennamaediaries: thank you for making this video! this is what i exactly needed as a starting creator. :)
  4. @autogeek23: Don't see the color grading video link!
  5. @alexproffitt117: So inspiring, love this. Thank you so much!!
  6. @Abeltoslide: Thank you! Its inspirational, I'm trying to start my journey and watching your video helped me visual my journey better!
  7. @Yasmin.inharmony: Thank you so much! I love your content 🌺
  8. @leni_dreamer: love 🫶🏽💗
  9. @Amit_Rungta: You're doing a great job, dear, more success to you!
  10. @ClashByMGP: Not going to lie you sound like Cardi B! In a great way!
  11. @Stizzymack: Thanks!  Lots of info, but I just wanna make my family videos more interesting 😊
  12. @c_bossette4236: Cardi B is that you.?
  13. @raquelfarmer2494: The best, most thorough video. Taking notes, liked & subscribed. I definitely didn’t skip the ads either, you deserve all your coins! Excuse me while i go down a rabbit hole on your channel.
  14. @raycoleman5617: Good stuff
  15. @vincecoleman-l6i: Nice
  16. @ufshah: So I’m visiting a store in another country whose product I want to vlog! This video is pure education! Thank you so much! Watched it through to the end (including the ads) ❤
  17. @sagarghadi999: Just Wow, Thanks From India ⛳
  18. @gilmag1348: This was the best I have seen. The breakdown was the best I have seen. Thank you
  19. @AyoTarmi: Thank you cardi b
  20. @PrinceRajput-r4o8f: Cardiiiiii

- The Ultimate Guide to Talking Head Videos for Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en one of the biggest learning Curves in my content creation career was learning how to make talking head videos you're essentially learning to be a script writer a director a producer a production manager on-screen talent and an editor all at once I'm going to reveal the top tips that I wish I knew before I got started so you know how to create better content right off the bat number one is you don't need a fancy camera set up your phone and use that this video was filmed in cinematic mode on my iPhone 13 Pro as you get better and learn more about equipment you can always upgrade but don't feel like you need to make a big investment in a camera in order to get started after about eight months I decided to upgrade to the Sony zve10 number two is to spend some time learning about how to record your audio if you already have a USB mic you can record audio through your computer and sync it with the audio from your camera in post-production I record the audio for these videos from my at2020 you USB plus mic which I'm using right now using Adobe Audition and I use the synchronize feature in Adobe Premiere during post-production if you're filming with your phone you can get a Bluetooth clip-on lapel mic number three is don't stress about your background I spent so much time trying to set up a background that reflected me and my personality but this is something that should be prioritized but over time it's more important to just get on camera and start practicing you can experiment with new backgrounds and locations and props as you go but the only way that you're going to get better is by practicing if you want to learn how to set up a visually appealing background using the space that you already have check out the video linked above number four is to use a teleprompter you can get a budget-friendly teleprompter on Amazon and if you're filming on your phone you can use apps like cap cut for an on-screen teleprompter take your time to get comfortable with the technology and learn techniques for using it naturally a teleprompter will take a while to get used to but Steven has a great video on our Channel about tips and tricks for using a teleprompter which I've linked above number five is to invest in good lighting lighting can significantly impact the overall quality of your talking head videos natural light is often the most flattering and readily available option try positioning yourself near a window or in a well-lit area if you need to film in low light conditions or at night consider investing in affordable softbox lights to ensure that your face is well illuminated and the focus remains on you I use this Mount dog softbox light that I will link in the description of this video to learn about the best lighting setup check out the video linked above number six is to know that it will take you a while to learn it gets frustrating you mess up all the time take deep breaths if you're frustrated with yourself throughout the recording of the video the audience will sense the tension while they're watching you want to have fun with it loosen up take deep breaths take a break and come back to it later if you need to do what you need to do to enjoy the learning and recording process your first videos probably won't be very good sorry it's the truth remember that with every video you do you will get better to show yourself that you're improving have an improvement tracking sheet after every video write down what you did well and what you would like to work on in the next video this will give you something to look back on when you're feeling discouraged number seven is to connect with your Audience by maintaining eye contact when filming talking head videos it's important to establish a connection with your viewers instead of looking at yourself on the screen or getting distracted by other elements like this feels weird right make a conscious effort to look directly into the camera lens imagine speaking to a person behind the camera as if you're having a genuine conversation with them this mental image helps create a more personal and engaging connection with your viewers remember your audience is on the other side of the lens and by visualizing someone there you can effectively deliver your message and establish a stronger Rapport number eight is to plan and structure your content beforehand before hitting the record button take some time to outline your key points or create a script for your video this will help you to stay focused avoid rambling and deliver your message more effectively having a clear structure in mind will also make the editing process easier and ensure that your video flows smoothly from start to finish decide whether you would prefer a loose structure or a word for word script based on your comfort level and the nature of your content number nine is to pay attention to your body language and facial expressions non-verbal communication plays a significant role in engaging your audience and conveying your message effectively maintain a confident and open body posture use hand gestures to emphasize key points and show genuine enthusiasm with your facial expressions remember your body language can help create a positive and engaging viewing experience for your audience practice in front of a mirror and observe and improve your body language number 10 is to practice speaking clearly and at a comfortable Pace clear and articulate speech is crucial to ensuring that your audience understands and connects with your content take your time and enunciate your words and speak at a pace that allows your audience to absorb the information you're sharing practice reading aloud or record yourself to identify areas for improvement in your speech delivery to prep your jaw and your voice for recording try doing some tongue twisters like this Peter Piper the pepper picker picked a peck of pickled peppers A peck of pickled peppers did Peter Piper the pepper picker pick if Peter Piper the pepper picker picked a peck of pickled peppers where is the peck of pickled peppers that Peter Piper the pepper picker picked try that one after you finish filming it's important to watch your video back and do your initial edit while you're still in your recording environment there's nothing worse than realizing that you've made a mistake after you've already taken down your equipment and have to set everything up again take the time to double check everything before you strike your set to make sure that you're happy with the final product before moving on to post-production remember practice makes perfect the more you create talking head videos the more comfortable and skilled you will become embrace the learning process be open to constructive feedback and continuously strive to improve your content if you liked this video make sure to hit that thumbs up button and before you go subscribe to our Channel and press the Bell icon so you never miss another video from Riverside thanks for watching and we'll see you in our next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @petermcginty3636 [3 likes]: That was the best tongue twister that I have ever heard! Superstar 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @GregTurismo [3 likes]: These are great tips! Especially number 11 and making sure to look into the camera
  3. @Joe-Miller3 [2 likes]: With respect to… your mic is too far from you. 😉
  4. @meriembendarhal [1 likes]: Thank youu :yougotthis: great video
  5. @ZiaZee: There is no video link above 😢
  6. @TheSabrinaMichele: Great trips!
  7. @WomensHealthRights: Nice
  8. @bendybodiespodcast: Great tips. Thank you so much!🎉
  9. @TyzenDrake: Thx Bridget!! Practice Makes… Progress 🙌
  10. @EvanJamesh: The email newsletter for Riverside mentioned updates to the editing suite that was supposed to drop this last week. Will that be coming soon? I’m so excited to get new tools!!

- How to Make Your First YouTube Video (Talking Head Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Take your smartphone and set it at eye level. This is super important. Next, find the right angle to be well lit. Stop. This is a lie. This is the formula to fail when creating your first YouTube talking head video. If someone tells you to create your first YouTube video like this, don't do it. We will get to the camera angles and other things immediately. Don't worry. But if you start like this, you will fail. You have no experience yet, so you can't just start creating as you've already made 100 videos. To start practicing video creation, you need to be sure you won't be embarrassed, that no one will judge you and that you will sound and look great. Follow this formula and you will get there. The first step is to plan the video. [music] And here you need to clarify three aspects. You need to know what you are talking about. Clarify your niche and the topic you want to approach for your video. You will hear many creators saying that you don't need to worry about the niche at the beginning. Just create. And that's partially true. Choose one niche. Yes, maybe you will change it. Maybe you will change your mind. It doesn't matter. Choose a niche to practice in the same area of expertise. Personal finances, gardening, history, whatever you want to talk about. and afterward choose one topic to start with. Let's say I choose the niche of personal finances and the first topic will be about spending less money every month. The second aspect before taking the phone to shoot is to create a title for the video. It will be a bad title. You will change it later. You have no experience in making an attractive title. It doesn't matter yet. Make a title. How to save more money every month. Now, because you have the title, ask yourself this question. Why will someone watch this video and write down all the answers that come to your mind? As simple as because prices are going up, people need to save more for their mortgages. Because summer is coming and people want to save for a trip. Because the economy is changing and it's harder and harder for people to grow their savings accounts. It doesn't need to be perfect and it will not be. But these answers will help you craft your message better. If you have all these information, you will start imagining a human being who needs your content and it switches something in your brain that will help you create way better videos. And before moving on to the gear, smartphone, cameras, lights, angles, and other technical aspects, you have one more step to complete at the preparation stage. Listen to the explanation before you say no. Write the script for the video word by word. You don't need to use it if you don't want to. But here is why it's so important. You want to create a talking head, educational, valuedriven video. You are not going to create vlogs. and you have no experience speaking in front of the camera yet. If you write about the topic you will shoot, when you shoot, it will be way easier having the message clear. You will find the right words immediately and you will have a great structure of the information because when you write the script, you can think about it, change it, review it, and find the best words. Write the script and you can transform it afterwards into bullet points or don't use it at all. Throw it away. Write the script first to practice the topic and analyze it in depth and your on camera presence will be transformed instantly. Now let's move to the most desired step. How to actually shoot your first YouTube video. Now take your smartphone. It doesn't matter what smartphone you have. Take your laptop, camera, or webcam, it doesn't matter, and set it at eye level. You don't want to look like this or like this. You will be disappointed when you review the footage. You want to look straight at the camera like this. Don't buy a tripod yet or anything else. Use some books or a shelf, something to place the camera at eye level. Next, use the native camera app. It's great. Use the simplest method to record the first video and practice. Before pressing record, try rotating yourself so you are lit the right way. You need to face the window so you will be lit up by the sun. Use the natural light in the beginning. It's perfect. You don't need to buy anything yet. And now one of the biggest secrets. Don't use the selfie camera and minimize OBS when you record on PC because you don't need to see yourself. What? But I feel more confident, look better, I can correct my posture and like the video more when I see myself while shooting. Wrong. You don't have enough experience to see yourself and talk in front of the camera. If you see yourself, you will not pay attention to what you are talking about. You will freeze, stumble over your words, act strangely because you will pay attention only on how your shirt stays, how your hair looks, or how you move your hands. You will look unnatural because you don't have experience. You are the only one who will see this video. If you look bad, it doesn't matter. You need to use the main camera, not see yourself. Talk to the small lens and think about the meaning of the words. Think about the message and try to talk to the imagined human being who wants to watch your video. I place the phone at eye level and the chair I will sit in. So my head is above the back rest and I adjust the phone's position to keep my head in this area. I press record, sit on the chair, and record the video. It doesn't matter if you need to repeat some phrases. It doesn't matter how you think you look. It doesn't matter if you make mistakes. Continue until you record the full message you want to deliver. Record the whole video. Next, download a video to your PC to see it on a bigger screen and move to the third step. Analyze and make a full list of what you want to improve. Nobody likes the first video, so don't be disappointed when you watch it. This is normal. But watch it multiple times and analyze it from three perspectives. Write down what you want to improve in your speech and how you act. Maybe you speak too fast or you use a high-pitched voice or you are frozen like this and you don't move at all. or maybe you move your hands too much as I do. Make the list. Second, analyze how the image looks and write down what you want to improve. Maybe is the position of the camera, the background, the light. Make the full list. And third, watch the video again and try to watch it as a viewer. Analyze if the message is clear, if the structure is good, and if you clearly and easily understand the message. Ignore the repetitions and the pauses since you might not know how to edit yet. But you can use free software like Davinci Resolve or iMovie on Mac and cut the repetitions and pauses. Video editing may look scary, but you only need to do the basics. I don't do video editing tutorials because there are so many software options and people prefer different ones, but you can find dedicated video editing channels for any software you like. I like to use Dainci Resolve, but you can do the same thing on any editing software. It may take some time at first to watch tutorials and edit your first video, but it will get faster and easier. Don't worry about this step yet. You [music] can even remove the repetitions and the pauses using your smartphone. There are a ton of apps to do it. But here is a way more important aspect. After you analyze the video and have the list of improvements, don't try to solve more than one at a time. It's impossible and you will get frustrated and give up. Let's say you don't like it because you move your hands too much. Record the video again and concentrate on solving only this problem. Maybe hold the pen in your hands to be more relaxed. Or maybe you don't like your high pitch. Concentrate on being more relaxed and lowering your tone. Record again solving one problem. analyze the video again and if the problem is solved, go on to solve the next one and apply what you already solved the first time. It will not be perfect. It will take some time to practice. But after a few recordings, you will have a decent video to publish and if you compare it with your first video, it will be a night and day difference. In the beginning, you don't need to buy any gear. You can practice like this and only when you feel you are ready to upgrade to a more professional setup, you can start upgrading the gear step by step. The first piece of equipment you can upgrade, it's a tripod. And please don't make the mistake of buying the cheapest plastic tripod. You will waste your money. Invest in something that you can use for years if you want to go professional. If you want to keep the camera on the desk, a professional aluminum tripod costs around $54 US like the VT20 from Small Rig. If you want a tall tripod, a professional one that you can use for years, even if you upgrade the setup later to a mirrorless camera with a teleprompter, it will cost around $99. Don't waste the money on bad cheap plastic gear. If you have the tripod, you can improve the audio quality. Next, here you can start with something easy to use and cheap like the DJI Mic Mini. This can be connected directly wirelessly to the smartphone attached to the shirt and the audio will be way better. The DJI Mic Mini cost around $45 and it's a decent microphone. Next, you can improve your lighting setup by switching to control the lights. You can use any frame you want and the best background in your house. Here again, don't spend money on bad cheap lights because you will want to upgrade soon and waste your money. Great professional lights are not that expensive these days. For example, I use Godox ML100B lights for my videos and one of these costs around $199. And of course, you need to pair it with a softbox and a light stand. You can start with one and expand your setup later. And if you have good lighting, good audio, and the camera positioned correctly, you can create amazing videos. For inspiration, I will add an affiliate link to my full list of equipment in the description. If you click on my link, you won't pay anything extra, but I will earn a small commission, and this will help me get sponsors away from this channel and create more valuable content for you. Thank you. And after you make the initial improvements, you need to decide when to upload your first video. It will never be perfect. There will always be room for improvement and upgrades, but you need to decide when to upload your first YouTube video and make it public. But because of the practice and because you plan your videos before you shoot, you will see a huge improvement between your first recording and the video you want to upload after a few improvements. Use this channel as a library of tutorials for everything you need to improve your video creation. From how to speak more naturally in front of the camera to how to set your camera, how to transform any room into a professional shooting space, how to use video lights, a full free masterclass, how to record better audio, how to use a lavalier mic better, how to make a great background or how to make your videos look more professional. Everything you need is on the channel or you can ask if you have any difficulties and I will try to get back to you with an answer. But after watching this video, the best thing to do is to learn how to speak more naturally in front of the camera, which exercises to do and how to practice. And for this, I will give you a dedicated video showing you step by step how to practice and speak naturally in front of the camera as you would with a friend. Watch this video and start your content creation journey the right way, reaching the results you want, fast and easy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kat5266 [4 likes]: Wow such a good video! Definitely see this one blowing up.. hope the algorithm pushes it to everyone out there! Great job sir 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  2. @mangafan88 [2 likes]: Grear video as always
  3. @dimamigis [2 likes]: AGREE!!! - Continuous Improvement is the key!.
Rehearsals of the script / Relaxing in front of camera / Adjusting Cam position / Lights / Mic / Background / Camera Rig / Acoustic Panles / Second angle... and the list goes on.
My 1st and 11th video it is a Night and Day difference.


Process of CREATION and FUN should be your priorities at start... not the results, subs, comments, virals.

Thanks Gabriel for great piece of advice
  4. @TheKateBernal [1 likes]: This is a very complete video, Gabriel. Getting started is the most difficult aspect of anything, including recording your first video.
I've had some setbacks that have prevented me from republishing my first video. I had to change a few things in the script among other things. I'm hoping I can finally publish it in the next couple of weeks.
  5. @MyTopTalent [1 likes]: Hi Gabriel, it’s amazing how your tell a story so clearly with English as your second language.   You said to place the Godox ES45 at 45° to me but how high? As high as my head?  a little above my head, a lot higher than my head?   (I wear glasses).    I missed that point in your excellent guidance 🔥. Thanks!
  6. @KsDevotions [1 likes]: This was quite instructional and easy to watch/understand...thank you Gabriel!
  7. @Zain792 [1 likes]: Amazing! Could you please guide me about the technique you used for this amber lighting 9:03 thank you 🙏
  8. @yotakshi [1 likes]: Gabriel please review the viltrox 13mm f1.4 lens for talking head videos, I want to purchase it but I'm still deciding weather to go with the 13mm or will the 15mm give me more good results, I want a dynamic look and a good blur for that the f1.4 is good and in good budget but the 15mm f1.7 doesn't look that dynamics and the blur isn't there that much so a comparison would be great
  9. @mikehilloriginal [1 likes]: Great video. You Amz link in the description doesn't work
  10. @ProfMarc [1 likes]: Hej Gabriel,  that's a great work flow chart to focus effort and not waste unnecessary time, actually leaves more time for fine-tuning before uploading the final,  polished video....👍🇮🇪
  11. @Awholeadult [1 likes]: Gabriel you have impeccable timing! I just got the Elgato teleprompter because of you. I will be filming on my phone. Please consider making a video of setting up cellphone and elgato teleprompter if you havent already. Thanks for all you do!
  12. @GabrielVIP: I have videos and precise tutorials on all aspects of content creation on the channel.
Here are a few playlists with useful videos on the most important topics:

▶ 🎥 Camera Lens and Setup: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_loH8qeVxvxi1UtHt5CkNwK&si=seGIjElVeF3ygKr8 👈
▶ 💡 Video Lighting Setup: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_mENacFcdv9mCMBw65hqrDn&si=rSEblovnqn_8EmlT 👈
▶ 🏠 Shooting Space At Home: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_lUCKwg2yg0KN_9H5DgFVI2&si=swMzRx9BqWeGxT7H 👈
▶ 🎙 Microphones & Audio: 👉  https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_mucdnOg4FbUoydbZsUYHiH&si=I8SOt43f5VDr0pll 👈
▶ 🗣 Speaking on Camera: 👉 https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCL2LelpG7_mXhNNY76fBu8KD0PwcxUjK&si=LY-XZrOEmZOUFp2A 👈
  13. @Olive-q7j: Great video as usual, Gabriel! Your content is always amazing. Please make a video about the DJI Mic 3 next!

- How I Make My YouTube Videos (My Full Setup & Gear): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to take a look at a behind-the-scenes of my current YouTube video filming setup. It's been a little while since we've done one of these. It has changed so much over the 12 years that we've been making videos. So, I'm going to take you through the gear, the setup, how we're currently recording videos. As always, links to everything that I mention are going to be in the description box below, along with links to other resources that can help you with your filming, with your editing. There's even a link to Primal Video Plus, which has all our master classes and advanced tutorials and stuff. All in the description. So, let's start off first with probably the most important piece. That is the camera itself. So, under this teleprompter here, we have my current go-to camera, which is the Yolo Cam S7. This is one of Yolo Cam did or Yolo Live did send out to me. And at first, I was pretty hesitant because I've been using the Panasonic GH5, which is over here. I've been using that for years. And I absolutely love that camera. For me, it just stayed there, locked in that position, not moving for the bulk of our YouTube career. And that thing was an absolute workhorse. But this camera, the Yolo Cam S7, is very similar in terms of it's got a very similar sensor, micro 4/3 sensor, takes the same types of lenses, but it's more designed to sit here in a studio environment like this, running all the time, not moving around. So, by me switching to this camera, I really haven't noticed much difference in terms of the overall picture quality or anything like that. Still looks good. But it's also meant that I can free up another camera, which is an actual camera that I can move around and shoot with outside and things. So, you can see the camera itself here. There's really not a lot to it. There's no screen or anything with it. It's directly powered here by USB-C. I've then got a USB connection and also an HDMI connection out of it. And as I quickly touched on, this is sitting inside of a teleprompter. This is the Elgato teleprompter. This This one of my favorite teleprompters right now. This thing was an absolute game-changer. We got a dedicated video just reviewing this thing, which I'll link in the description box below. But you can see from where I sit over here, I can then have all of my words, my script, my bullet points, and everything up there on the teleprompter so that that keeps me on track when recording. So this is where I mainly film our YouTube videos and things here at this desk. This is the filming desk. Over here, I have This is kind of my work desk where I can procrastinate and look out the window and stuff. But in terms of cameras, the other camera I'm currently really geeking out on is this Yolo Cam S3. So the webcam version of the bigger camera that I'm using over here. And honestly though, this webcam, this is phenomenal in terms of the picture quality and stuff off it. And we've definitely created a lot of content just with this camera alone, no other setup. And sticking with cameras then obviously we've got the older Panasonic GH5 here, which is set up for me to shoot from the couch here for some different types of content where I can monitor everything on the screen here in front of it. This wouldn't be the exact shot. I kind of move it into position when I want it. But everything is really just designed for easy access for fast content creation because if I've got to move stuff around and set things up, then I'll end up forgetting to plug something back in or I'll end up just wasting a ton of time and procrastinating. So everything in here is just designed for fast creation. We come back over to the main desk here. As I said, this is what I am typically seeing when I am shooting our videos. And if I switch to the main camera now, then you can see this is kind of the shot. I'm obviously not normally holding this, but I'm able to easily bring stuff up on my laptop screen, bring text up on the teleprompter, and it makes it really easy for me to create our content. Now the microphone I have here on the desk, the main microphone we use for our YouTube videos is this Rode VideoMic NTG. This is one of my favorite microphones. I've actually done a video on this recently, my top microphones for creating videos. This is the one that I use. Now, what I love about this is you can hook it up with either USB-C directly into your computer, your iPad, your phone, or you can hook it up with the 3.5 mm audio jack and plug it into a real camera as well. So, it is really versatile even for sitting at a desk here and recording piece to camera, interviews, podcasts, those kinds of things, but also great as an on-camera shotgun microphone, too. Now, for years when I was shooting our YouTube videos, I'd have the microphone positioned to just out of shot. It'd be framed just up the top. So, you'd still hear it. That was still the microphone I was using, and it's only recently that I started to move the microphone into this sort of a position. Still nice and close to me, but I don't care as much now that it's in the shot. It's just easier. So, that's the main microphone that I'm using, but the one I'm using to record this video and any like piece of content stuff I'm shooting on my phone, then I'm using the DJI Mic Mini microphone. It's one of my favorites as well. Best, simple, easy to use, portable, wireless microphone. Uh I've got more professional ones, but this is the one that I keep using. This is the one that lives in my backpack. I think it is a great bang for buck microphone. Now, in terms of lighting, my main light right now is this Falcon Eyes light. I really like it. It's a nice, soft, diffused light. That's the primary one. I do have a second one mounted to the roof over here that I can rotate around for different setups and things. So, if I wanted to shoot over at the couch, then I can just point this over that way and boost the brightness up. And so, that's the main light source in here, but also all of the lights in the ceiling here are those individual Philips Hue smart lights. So, I can actually change the color, change the brightness on all of these lights just by coming back over here to the Elgato Stream Deck. So, you can see that as I press these, it's going to change up the lights here in the scene. So, this allows me to easily adjust the lights here right at the time of filming. If I'm going to film a few videos back-to-back, I can mix things up a little bit. But, also easily adjust if the light's changing too much in here from having that window open down the back. I love natural light coming in, but it can definitely change up the whole mood and everything in this room. So, I can lock it down. I can shut the blinds, and then I can fully control everything in here. Now, over here in the background as well, I can easily change the colors on these lights here as well, cuz these are Philips Hue lights, too. But, back with these main Falconeyes lights, I think they're great. I personally wouldn't buy them now. I think they're still really expensive for what they are, and I have some links in the description box below for some alternatives for you. I mean, these are great, but I just think compared to some of the options that are out there now, these are probably overpriced. Now, the laptop that I'm using here at the moment, this is the latest MacBook Pro at the time of filming this, the M5 Max. Crazy specced-out thing, 128 gig. It is way overkill for me and for the work that I'm doing, but I do like that I know that when I'm testing any editing software, any AI tools and things, I can really throw a lot of power at it and give it a true test. And for me, I just geek out on this stuff. But, yeah, it's definitely overkill. But, what I am doing with it is I'm now recording directly into the computer itself. So, I don't need to mess around with SD cards. I don't need to mess around with batteries and things either, cuz the camera is fully powered. I even have it so it turns on and off when I come into the office here ready to shoot something. So, there's really no messing around with this. But, the time to create again is even quicker, because not only am I recording directly into the computer, I'm recording directly into a tool called Descript, which when I'm recording in there is automatically uploading it as well, so that anyone on the team can log in, can access those files, that recording, and they can process our editing from there. Now, if you do want to go deeper on the video editing side, we have dedicated videos and even deep dive training inside of Primal Video Plus as well showing you exactly how we're using Descript to edit our videos and using AI to really help speed up the process. Now, there's one other elephant in the room here that I know you've seen on my desk. This I would say is definitely overkill for most people, but I geek out on this stuff and I truly think it is awesome is the Yolo Box Extreme. So, this is it. This is the Yolo Box Extreme. This is some crazy recording live stream unit. I mean, it's got so many different inputs and HDMI ports and everything on the bottom there. That's technically the top. I've got this mounted upside down. But, you can see that I can monitor my audio. As I'm talking, we can see the audio bars and everything there moving. I can see my camera here, so I can monitor that it is all set up correctly and I can change everything. It's fully touch screen. And for a lot of our content, we're doing screen recording videos. So, I can bring in my computer screen into here as well. And that way it's fully mirroring what's on this screen into here and recording separately. So, while I just said we're recording everything from the camera into the computer, it's technically right now all being routed through the Yolo Box. It doesn't need to be and for a lot of videos that we've shot, it hasn't been. But, as of fairly recently since we've been trying this out, so thank you to Yolo Live for sending this out for me to test and play around with. Video is not sponsored. They don't know I'm making this video. But, this to me is running everything now. So, everything right now in this current setup is going from the camera to the Yolo Box to the computer. My screen output is going back to the Yolo Box and this to me, the magic of this is that this is the backup or the redundancy for recording. And the craziest part is is that I've actually needed it a few times. So, while I love Descript and we record everything into Descript, so I don't need to mess around with anything, of late it has been a little buggy. And I've definitely had some recordings with that have stopped halfway through, and I haven't known. I've just stopped at the end of recording, and I just realized it's already stopped, or the last part will be corrupt. You know, all the stuff that you don't want to have happen. But, given that there's no built-in recording in this camera, there's no SD card or anything there, which is also why I love it. There's no option to have a backup recording. also had recordings with the camera piece was fine, but something messed up with the screen recording. So, what I was looking for is something that I could bring some redundancy in. So, I can have microphone and everything recording separate to the recording that I'm actually going to use in Descript as a total backup. Now, obviously, for this, for that purpose, is complete overkill. But, I do love that it's one of the few devices that lets me record all separate tracks, so I separate inputs, my screen, my camera, everything all in 4K as separate video files. There's really not too many devices that will let you do that right now. So, to me that was the biggest hook for me to use this. I get backup redundancies, it's all 4K, and more than I'd probably like to admit, we've needed to jump in and use the recordings from this to complete our videos when Descript had messed up. But, obviously, this tool is so much more than this with livestreaming capabilities and so much more than I'll probably ever use it for. So, this is definitely, as I say, it's overkill. This is not for most people. If you're someone like me where you're doing this for work, and if you've ever had something go wrong, and you're then stuck in that frustration of needing to reshoot something. I mean, one time, fairly early on in our YouTube journey, I shot about eight hours worth of footage, eight hours worth of videos, and I took the card out of the camera, put it in the computer, put it back in the camera, said it was empty, gone. And I I used to do data recovery professionally, but video files are hard to recover in a lot of cases. So, I lost 8 hours of footage in that moment. So, from then on, I've always been looking at how do I have a backup audio source? How do I have backup recording? And so, this to me is one of my favorite pieces of tech right now because it's giving me all of that, that peace of mind that I know I'm not going to have to reshoot something. Now, fingers crossed, I'm shooting this video totally different with phones and stuff and switching angles. So, I I I don't have that for this specific video. So, we'll have to see how we go. So, yeah, totally realize that that's overkill, but an amazing tool for live streaming, for multi-camera switching, and in 4K, or backup recording like I use it for. But, the real game-changing thing for me in terms of speeding up our content creation was moving away from traditional editing software like DaVinci Resolve and Final Cut over to Descript where we could bring in a lot of the AI tools and things to really speed things up. And then, recording directly in there sped things up even more. So, again, this whole thing here probably minus the YoloBox Extreme, it's actually a very simple setup where my computer just thinks it's a webcam that's plugged in, but it's a very good webcam, but allows me to shoot, to edit, and upload really fast. So, yeah, this is my current setup for 2026. Leave your comments, questions down below. Don't forget to check out the links and the resources and everything in the description box, and I will see you in the next video. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidTechandMedia [2 likes]: Thanks for a video on how Primal Video creates video for YouTube and it is appreciated.
  2. @PrimalVideo [1 likes]: Check out our Descript AI Video Editing Masterclass inside PLUS: https://go.primalvideo.com/mPYz9fW?utm_content=nvxZ-yNVZ9M
  3. @kaz153m: One piece of gear you missed? What is the usb c hub? Cheers!
  4. @Tech4YourNeeds: Tech Gear Talk slogan "Buy It Nice or Buy It Twice" future proofing is not a bad thing if you can afford it. That's good method to go by when purchasing a tech device.
  5. @YOURPARTYKATYA: Hello!)) Thank you!)) U r the best!))) 🙂 My equipment is my phone))) I've just started 💖
  6. @thfield2417: What a neat and clean setup! #goals
  7. @Eddieselectug: So profession  more than life stream studios. Thks so much
  8. @idjmic: Having a setup like this is not cheap, you left the cost out of the review. It's a very ideal setup but not all can afford it. 😢
  9. @Doug_Hewson_Extra: Back-up always a bonus and a life saver!
  10. @DougPipersr: Great video! What setup did you use to record your intro? It looks nice and steady and doesn't feel handheld.
  11. @MinnieOnCam: Are you using Obsidian to script out your content?
  12. @mrjerrypotter: Love seeing things from the other side! Great POV video.
  13. @KevinKolbe: Dude. Very cool setup. Fun watching the setups change over time too. Don’t you love that as gear and tech has gotten (mostly) better it allows us to streamline our production setups and processes without skimping on the quality. Good stuff. 👊
  14. @sandy_lone: Can the Yolobox do Zoom meetings?
  15. @TheCalmTravelerGuide: GREAT Setup, I appreciate your videos!
  16. @DadLab360: Would be great to see a video on the tips and tricks of using a monitor. 

I have a portkeys monitor and while it’s a good budget monitor, there is a steep learning curve there😊
  17. @WolfgangBogler: I also use the YoloCam S7, S3, and the Lumix GH7. But the way you've mounted the S7 on the teleprompter, you're covering the camera's autofocus controls—if I'm seeing this correctly. If the sensor is covered, you won't be able to use the super autofocus.
  18. @enerisworld: Wow. Amazing office friend. I enjoy watching
  19. @habib9.0: Hi I'm Bangladesh

- AMAZING YouTube Studio Setup Ideas For Creators: Kind: captions Language: en when building out a setup for your YouTube Studio there are so many things to take into consideration from all the gear that you need to buy and then actually how to set it up so that it looks best on camera and so that's why in this video we're gonna be breaking down some of our setups here at think media and we're gonna kick it off with Nolan's dream setup which he actually has dialed so that he can go from not shooting to shooting in under five seconds let me prove it to you three two one hey Google turn on my lights ready to film I want to show you exactly how to set up something just like this that's going to save you tons of time and I'm going to show you everything that I use to shoot these think media videos as a solo Creator hey guys my name is normal with think media now let's jump into the camera and lens setup that I use to shoot these videos but before I even get into that I want to tell you guys that a lot of this stuff you don't have to get exactly what I use but a lot of these tips and concepts are going to be really helpful to you guys no matter what camera you use no matter what microphone you use or light you use a lot of this stuff you can just get what I get and all the links are going to be in the description but if you have a different camera or a different microphone these are going to give you some really good ideas specifically for those of us who shoot videos all alone with that being said I'm going to give you a little behind the scenes look with this camera right here as I talk through this stuff I'll show you guys exactly what I'm using and how I'm using it we'll start with the camera which is right here which is the Sony a7s Mark III and we have the 20 millimeter F 1.8 lens this is a really great setup I love using this camera it's fantastic for all these videos it's like top of the line best YouTube camera that you you can buy so overkill for most of you guys out there but if you want the best camera this is definitely a good camera to go with now you can see right here that I'm not using a tripod it's actually being held on this pole which is called an impact very pole all this stuff is going to be linked up in the description so make sure you check that out now the impact variable is so cool and I actually have two of them so you can see up here it goes all the way to the ceiling and then it goes all the way underneath my desk to the ground and right now this is actually holding up my microphone it's holding up my camera so it's really cool and then I have another one which I'll get to that goes on my ceiling which is holding a light which I will show you guys a little bit later so the camera is connected to this very pole by a super clamp this is the super clamp right here and then this is an extension arm and then from the camera to the extension arm we have this ball head this allows me to really easily just move the camera and to set it up make sure that it's level now the other thing that you'll notice connected to this very pole is going to be this podcast arm where I actually keep my shotgun microphone and it's just really easy easy to move so I can bring it into the frame like this and then if I want to bring it out of the frame which is where I keep it I can pull it up just out of the frame and that works perfectly for me I have my wires all just down here running straight into the camera so my audio is going to be synced directly into my camera now because the super clamp is right here I was actually able to connect my podcast arm directly to the handle of that super clamp now as far as my main key light I have it in this softbox right here and this is the only light that I use as my key light I don't have any sort of fill light and the reason for that is because when you have a key light that is close enough to you and it's big enough it actually wraps around really nicely adds a soft light so you don't really need a fill light and I actually prefer a little bit of Shadows on this side of my face just to add a little more contrast to the shot now inside this main key light it's kind of weird I basically have this led panel so it's super light and it's taped inside of this softbox the softbox actually came with a 50 light so this isn't necessarily something I'd really recommend it's just super lightweight and originally I was just using that led panel in the metal frame that it came with but I wanted a softer light and that's why I threw it inside of this softbox but what I can do is actually leave a recommended light down in the description for you guys if you don't want to go this route because I don't necessarily recommend it one thing I love about it though is this remote right here I can turn it off I can turn it on really easily really fast turn up the brightness if I want to turn it up I can turn it back down so that's really nice to have those capabilities in this light but it did take a little bit of finessing to get that led light actually taped up to the softbox now on my actual light stand you're gonna see I have this little tabletop thing right here this is perfect just for extra storage so this is for my camera where I can like use the screwdriver I can use the Flathead to take all of this stuff off for the tripod I have my lens cap so I don't lose those I have my remote I just keep that right here I have my gray card right here so I can custom white balance my videos and that all lives right here I use these all the time so I like to keep them just connected to the light and this is something I bought as an add-on I think it's meant for a mic stand but I thought it would work perfectly and it totally has one other thing I noticed when I was shooting b-roll or if I was shooting thumbnails I wanted to move this light around a lot and so I actually got a stand that had wheels so down here you can see that the light does have wheels on it and this makes it super easy to move around my room if I want to get a quick thumbnail a quick b-roll shot I can just move this thing over or I can actually roll it over to my desk and use that for live streaming or conference calls another thing you're going to notice here is I have this desk and this is just a cheap Ikea desk it's not even in the shot of my YouTube videos but it is helpful for holding stuff usually I got my water right over here and so I'll leave this on my desk and then I have my script and a little phone holder to keep my script here sometimes it is actually on my iPad but sometimes I use my iPad as a wireless video monitor for my Sony camera so that's been really really helpful but whether it's my monitor here or whether it's my script both of these are always out in case I need to use those I always have my script out because I always need to look down and see what I'm going to talk about next now there's a few other things that really excite me I think these are going to give you guys some great ideas let's start with my backlight which actually isn't on right now so this is a good test this is what it looks like with no backlight on and this is what it looks like with that backlight turned on it's just a subtle difference but I really like what it's doing to the shot it makes it look like the lamp is actually Illuminating my shoulder the top of my head and I think it just helps me pop off of the background just a little bit more now the awesome part about this setup is typically if you want to have a light like this you need a c-stand and sandbags and all that kind of stuff and if you're a solo Creator you don't have the time to set all of that up every single time you want to film a video and it takes up a lot of space because I know a lot of us are using our home as an office and so no go for me so what I've done is I took another impact very pole and I'll leave a link in the description to the video where I talk about these very poles and how I use them but that is running from wall to wall and then basically I can just attach whatever I want to these very poles using the super clamps even though this pole was on my wall for months and I had no issues I still wanted a little bit of safety in there so what I did is I actually attached this clamp up there and that is just underneath it in case it ever were to fall off the wall again it's been up there for months with three lights on there and it's never fallen but just in case I had that set up so if it were to fall that cramp would actually catch it and not let it fall and on the other end it's just above my photo backdrop so that's going to catch it if it ever were to come off the well I'm not worried about it but it definitely makes me not worry at all about this thing ever falling down another cool feature I did was I attached the light to this switch which goes into an outlet and the switch basically just turns it off or turns it on so anytime I hit that switch it's right by my filming station everything's right here I can turn on turn off all right by my desk now that backlight and the key light are the only lights that are lighting me but we actually have some other lights going on you can see the blue hues in the background I have that lamp I also have some lights on my desk that I can change the colors and it's all connected to my Google home and all of these lights are by Govi they're cheaper than the fill Phillips Hughes and they just work amazing there's no flicker for videos and so I love using these for my YouTube setup man what a fire setup absolutely love the symmetry of Nolan's YouTube Studio because it really just makes it so easy to look at but the next setup I actually want to break down is our video podcast setup where we shoot the think media podcast we actually go deeper on YouTube strategy and talk about the Creator economy we talk about entrepreneurship and this setup is pretty legit and so really the big thing is to pull out the principles the gems from this setup but let's break down the think media podcast setup [Applause] foreign face before we get into the gear that we invest in high quality Equipment specifically for this podcast you know some of the gear we're actually using we've been using for almost two years which is uh something to note that when you're investing into gear if you buy the right thing you won't have to buy it again and the real reason is because of how influential a podcast could be all the way from dropping those videos on YouTube to all the platforms that you can consume a podcast audibly but also on Instagram and Tick Tock uh when we post micro clips from the podcast we want to make sure we're able to retain the quality of the podcast no matter what we do with it and so with that being said let's jump into the audio setup of this thing which is the shore sm7b hands down this is the industry standard podcast mic you know that's been around for almost 20 years but the difference is how it sounds right now you're listening to the lavalier mic that I have on my jacket but let's switch to the sm7b right now so as you can hear it sounds like your legit podcast Radio Show voice and this is because it's a dynamic microphone but this mic isn't cheap it's about a 400 mic but it you can't just use it all by itself obviously you see the stand you can get a boom arm which is cool but we like to use a stand uh and then we actually are running one XLR cable because we are using what is called a fat head preamp which plugs right into our XLR input which is actually really nice and clean and minimal we used to use the cloud lifter which required two xlrs and it got a little bit much and we just want to keep things simple clean and only have what we need right so this is the sm7b I'm super proud to say that we've customized the back plate to this uh got used a cricket machine a spray painted the back plate that came with this and then added our think logo maybe I'll make like a video tutorial or a YouTube short on how you can do that but this is definitely the mic for podcasting there's obviously tons you can go with and we've done reviews on tons of mics like this but we wanted the best of the best so the short sm7b is how we capture the audio now when it comes to audio the mics you use are a part of it but the sound treatment is a whole nother flow now we have this upstairs lobby outfitted with the sound panels that you can buy off of a website that will be linked down in the description below and you can get different colors and things like that but this Loft that we use to create our content with is literally a box with hardwood floors and so it gets really echoey but we wanted to make sure we invested into the sound treatment of this room as much as possible and so you can see in the footage that we've outfitted this whole Loft into to include the stairwell because there's some bouncing of audio Kyle Anderson on the team just knew what to do and so we just went with the flow another thing that you can add to your setup is carpet carp anything that can absorb the audio bouncing will help with your audio but keep in mind it's not just the mics it's also the room treatment and so a carpeted room or a sound treated room is something you want to take into consideration when conducting a legit video podcast all right so when it comes to the camera we always encourage people if you're doing a podcast turn a camera on whether it be your smartphone or an actual camera like this and the camera we use is a Sony fx3 this is about a 36 or so 100 camera and it's like an entry-level Cinema Camera meaning it doesn't really have any you know record limits it shoots great 4K video and it won't overheat or anything like that so it's very reliable in that sense another reason why we love this camera is it literally comes with XLR inputs you know we used to use a zoom recorder but what we love about this is it bakes in a very high quality audio file into the video itself and what does that mean it just simply means that the video file has the audio file from the shore sm7bs and then you can also Monitor and tweak this you know with the analog dials which is super nice as far as the lens we use we use the Tamron 35 to 150 millimeter lens this is a super versatile zoom lens for any camera and whether we have one person on or two people on just allows you to get the shot without having to do too much movement so when we when we just need one camera this is the camera we're using when we need a secondary angle we use a Sony a7s3 and we're looking to get a third body uh to add in for three angles but those are the cameras we used we love them they're great with autofocus they're great with reliability and they look super crispy now this would be the perfect time to share about the sponsor of this video which is podcast so if you've been thinking about starting a podcast creating one in high quality has never been easier with podcastle studio quality podcast creation platform whether you want to do a solo podcast or one with multiple people podcast will let you record up to 10 remote guests at a time and get this each participant is recorded locally and on separate tracks so you can capture 4K quality video and super Chris lossless quality audio regardless of what internet speed or connection you have it's super easy for your guests also because they don't need a podcast account just share the link to the studio and they're in or schedule the podcast interviews in advance and the platform will actually sync up with your Google calendar to send invites and reminders podcast also has a mobile app for recording and exporting your content on the go they truly make it as simple as possible to produce your podcast and you should really consider starting a podcast this year and let podcasts will help you to get that done we'll post a link to them down in the description below if you'd like to try podcast for free thank you podcastle for sponsoring this video now as far as lighting goes we really want to make sure that we have a dynamic looking podcast setup but let's start with the key lights the first light that we use is the gvm 300D this is the main light that is used to light the faces of Sean and Heather and what's cool about this light is it is super powerful but what's also cool is it has a Bowens Mount which is a universal light Mount that allows you to put something like this on it which is our Lantern soft box and so it's not as directional it's actually more wide of a light and it creates a nice soft light and it fills up for two people which is super cool and then we actually fill fill in some of those Shadows on their faces by bouncing another light onto the ceiling and it just fills those Shadows because we don't want such a dramatic look an intense look you know this is a very light-hearted podcast we're trying to teach you YouTube tips by the way if you haven't subscribe to the think media podcast when you go do so right now we'll post links down in the description below but those are the key lights that's what we are using to light their faces and then the back you'll see a lot of accent lighting like you could see behind me even right now we use a warm Lighting in the back just to create a more inviting and welcoming Vibe and one new addition that I'm super excited about is the fake window that you see right here this is actually a effect that can be achieved with a cob light and a snoot the combination of the two allows you to create a cool effect and if you want a fake window or if you want some other shape you can switch it out with the gobos that are included or you can actually customize them we've actually created some custom ones that are on their way to the studio which I'm pumped about but but all that to say just a cool Dynamic that we've added into a lot of our studio setups here at think media but in regards to accent lighting we just you know throw some lamps kind of splash some lights here and there and then the last type of lighting I would say is the hair light we use we just use a panel light put it on a warm setting like all the other accent lights and we Splash that on our talent to create a hair light which separates them from the background creating a more Dynamic look and what you would call motivated lighting which is a technique they use in a lot of Hollywood setups so that's our video podcast setup and we're always trying to find new ways to make it better whether it sounds better or look better but we are really pumped at where it's at right now and because we're always testing new gears and making updates to our current setups I've learned a lot to how to design your space so in this video I actually show you how to design your office especially if you have a smaller space like mine and get four different shots out of it so let's jump into that one right now but tip number one when it comes to setting up your YouTube Studio home office is to pick at least two walls and if you could do three walls even better that you design most YouTubers when they start out they only design one wall and it gives you one shot but if you like to switch it up like I do then just follow along in this video so behind me you see a very simple kind of homey setup I have a tree in front of the door that leads to my office that's a fake tree from Ikea that is a chest thing called the fajabalo from Ikea that you see behind me a floating shelf from Ikea and a lamp from Ikea that's in the corner no this video is not sponsored by Ikea but you can go to places like Home Goods maybe go on offer up or Facebook Marketplace to get things to make your wall look good but this wall all by itself is super clean now I'll take that plant typically and I'll grab it because it's lightweight and fake and I'll put it over here to have it in this shot because I just like plants in my shots and this would be the second wall that I have intentionally designed uh but as you can see I got my plant I have extended calendar and by by the way links down to everything as well as recommendations in the description below so check that out I have another chair from Ikea and a little coffee table that I plan on using to podcast but that's not what this video is for but this is my second wall giving me a second look now having these two walls intentionally designed to be used as a background to my videos allows me to get these two shots as well as a third shot like this one right here and this is me just sitting in the corner of the two walls giving me a third angle from just two walls but I didn't even show you the two other walls with one being the one you'll never see maybe later in the video I'll show you that wall that nobody will ever see but flipping this around gives me the shot with my computer in the background which is this shot and this is the shot I use when I want my computer as my background which is something you can always do a lot of people think they need the computer to be in front of them to make their videos but you can actually use it as your background as well but this gives me the fourth look and I like using this when I'm doing editing tutorial bills or talking about live streaming and things like that but having three walls dedicated as my background when filming videos Almost gives me the ability to get a 360 degree Studio where everything looks good in the shot as long as my camera is pointed in a certain direction with a little bit of movement and flexibility and so make sure you pick at least two walls and if you can three to deck out for your background add some lunch with the fam hence the outfit change but it's okay tip number two is to keep your YouTube setup simple complexity is the enemy of execution and if you have a thousand stands in your office moving your lights your tripod your mic stand and all that stuff then you're actually probably not gonna even film videos and even more so you're not going to have the flexibility to be able to switch up your shot as needed the third tip allows me to make videos like this when I'm doing an editing tutorial or I just need to move my desk from its Uh current position but that tip is to use mounts and wheels Mountain Wheels I put wheels on every surface that I have in my office to include this desk and the desk that I just used in the last clip that last table was from Ikea and you can buy the stands with wheels on them but even having wheels on my actual desk allows me to move it around for the need of live streaming Zoom conference calls consultations and things like that and when it comes to mounts it really is just the idea of mounting things when you can do it I have two very polls in my office and essentially these are tension rods that go across my ceiling and hold things like my hair light as well as my fake window light that I have in some of my shots but having these things mounted up just eliminates the needs for more stand now I didn't break this down earlier in this video but my desk actually lives inside of a closet that I removed all the stuff from and painted it black to actually house my desk and what this has allowed is it allowed me to get more space in my office and so if you are using a bedroom think about doing something like that and it's all good because my desk is on Wheels I can pull it out but being able to tuck away my desk and usually when I'm working and I'm not going to film anything that's where I have it and speaking of mounts I just wanted to show you my desk setup real quick this thing is all about mounts it's like bro it's Mount Everest up in here everything I have whether it's the mic or the monitors it is mounted bro my I'm my my Mac Mini is mounted dog mounting up on wings like eagles you know what I'm saying but the next tip that I have for you is audio treatment audio is 50 of the video viewing experience and you want to have some audio treatment in your office whether that be carpet like your boy went to Ikea bought some nice little mid-century Green carpet which is one way to do that but I actually have sound blankets again links down to everything in the description below but I have a sound blanket hung over that window this is by the way this is the ugly wall this is the wall you'll never see congratulations you saw it so I have this sound blanket I also have a sound panel hanging on there and then I also have a a sound panel hanging where I typically sit for live streams and things like that but having these things in my office has eliminated a lot of the Echo and Reverb that my room would create as it is a tiled room like I have like concrete looking tile and so take some time to make the investment into treating your room for audio so that you can have that drippy crispy audio you know what I'm saying this is kind of a bonus tip but if you can help it try and get a piece of paper or a photo backdrop going somewhere in your office even if it's used to cover a window for the use of thumbnails like I don't really shoot videos against this but I'd be smacking thumbnails like hey what's up hey what's that you know doing things like that as well as even like the tech that I you know take photos of I take in front of this and honestly I'm able to do wonders when it comes to thumbnails and that's just a bonus tip but I hope you got some ideas on how you can adjust your space to get a few more different shots out of it now the next setup is actually what I use to film the videos in my office and I think it's perfect for talking head videos similar to this and I'll talk through everything I use to achieve this shot from the mic the camera the lights the first thing I wanted to break down was my audio setup and so I got a second camera to show you kind of what I got going on so for my audio setup I actually have a very simple and cheap mic and links down to everything down in the description below if you want to check out those links check out the links down in the description below but a very simple mic setup that's actually boomed onto my table so I don't have to have any stands and things like that but as far as the mic that I'm using I'm using the deity D4 mini this is about a 40 or 50 dollar mic this mic sounds phenomenal and I just have an aux cable super cheap Amazon basic aux cable that plugs right into the camera and so this is a super simple and minimal setup the arm is about forty dollars so you're talking about under a hundred dollar all-in mic setup and I absolutely love how it looks because you don't see it and I love how it sounds now audio makes up for 50 of the video viewing experience so you want to make sure that you get good audio but it doesn't have to break the bank like mine now when it comes to the camera setup I'm so pumped because you already know I love the Sony zve E10 this is a compact 4k camera that shoots great video and has incredible autofocus and you never have to worry about being out of focus and I have a continuous power adapter so I don't have to worry about batteries which is a very smart investment if you don't want your batteries to die but we've made tons of videos on this camera it's totally one of my favorites especially for just simple videos as far as the lens goes I got the infamous Sigma 16 millimeter lens and this lens gives you a perfect medium wide shot so if you're doing YouTube talking head it is perfect and I actually have a tape measure because I wanted to show you how far the camera is away from me and so as far as where the lens is we're talking about 30 inches away and so about you know two arms length distance and it gives me this great look in my nice little small office cool little life hack that I like to do is actually use a wireless remote to start and stop recording now this is the like the Vlog grip but you don't need this it's a very inexpensive purchase to buy a wireless remote to start and stop recording for really any camera use and I would encourage it and one thing that I actually use it for to make my editing faster is when I have a good take I just end the recording because now that I know in editing when the clip ends it's going to be a good take right before that clip ends and so that'll just speed up some of your workflow and so that is the Sony zve E10 with the Sigma lens and one thing I absolutely love about the Sony zve E10 is its ability to be used for live streaming or Zoom conference calls with the use of a USBC cable that's it no special software or Hardware just select the camera in whatever you are using and then you can actually level up your Zoom calls or live streams now the tripod that I have my camera on is a fairly inexpensive compact manfrotto tripod with a ball head Mount which I absolutely love it lets you get the perfect leveled shot and I got a quick release system that allows me to take on and off the camera as needed and if you want to extend the height of this tripod you totally can with the three different levels as well as the uh Center column it actually extends higher I would say the only downside of this tripod is if you want to stand up and film film it's probably not going to go as tall as you need it to go however for sitting in a stool or a chair like I am it is perfect for that and so that is the manfrotto compact tripod now when it comes to lighting lighting is really what makes any camera you use whether it's your smartphone or a super expensive camera look its best it is lighting that really brings out the best of any camera you use and so when it comes to my key light or the light that's lighting my face I am using an amaran 60D with a large Lantern so I'm gonna actually back up swap the angle real quick and as you can see this little beast hiding behind here is the amaran 60D which I actually like this version because it's not bi-colored it gives you the temperature that you need for your face it also is battery powered if you want it to be and that's how I'm using it right now but you could totally plug it in it comes with the plug that you need and then the lantern is a gvm lantern but all these things again I'll post down in the description below but this is my key light it's producing a very soft and large light on my face and what I really like about this light is also it's a wireless remote so if I need to turn it off and on I can do so and if I want to change the intensity I can do so as well sorry if I ruined your eyes with that but very convenient light I've been using it for about a year now that is the amaran 60D now you could totally stop there with just a good key light and as you can see in the back I got a little lamp in the back which is nice if I turn it off that's kind of like meh but then you turn it on oh it's nice and warm and welcome you know what I'm talking about but there are two other lights that really make this shot super Dynamic and allow me to pop out from the background the first one being my hair light or Rim light there was actually a light behind me hitting my head and shoulders to separate me from the background and and the light that's being used for my hair light is a gvm panel light that I have set to a warmer temperature because I want it to match my lamp right and you can see it's being suspended kind of like in midair by Magic now I'm just kidding that is uh being suspended by what is called a very pole and what I love about this is it requires no screws or anything to be able to mount lightings or if you even want to like suspend a camera or whatever you want to use that pole for you can do so and it just does it by tension and so you set the tension and you lock it in place and it's been hanging for like a year and a half now so it's pretty sweet but that is my hair light and then the other light that I wanted to break down it's kind of my secret sauce but that is my fake window light that you see there so that is another light that's actually suspended you already know that I like to suspend lights for no reason I'm just kidding it's so I don't have to have any stands right but this light over here is a gvm 100 watt it's very similar to my key light as it is a cob light but this light has a snoot that allows me to put a gobo which gives me the effect of a window which is pretty dope right but these two lights really makes the shot Dynamic and I believe just something else just because of those two elements and a really cool accessory that allows me to control both of these lights to turn on and off is this wireless remote and it just really I just plug it into the adapter that sends a signal to this and I can just turn it off and on but to show you the the power of this kind of lighting I'm going to turn off my key light and you can see like the shine in my hair and kind of the shine on my shoulders obviously the fake window but if I turn it off you know and turn on my key light it's fine you don't necessarily need it but when I turn this on boy you already know your boy drippy crispy you know what I'm saying so if you know what I'm saying so that is my super simple yet crispy YouTube Studio setup but I want to break down the setup I'm essentially using right now here right now I'm shooting at Anderson Studios where we also do the video podcast but this is really the creme de La Creme is that how you say it of the YouTube Studios and we spared no expense so this setup particularly I would say is not for everyone but if you want a pro setup then this would be it let's break down the camera setup that I have going on I have the Sony a7s III this is a full frame camera that shoots 4K at pretty much every frame rate you need essentially that just means it shoots great video for talking head kind of like what I'm doing right now as well as any slow motion that you would like to do so if you want to get into some slow motion and get cinematic shots you can do it with this camera that's why we love it it's just a very reliable camera has great autofocus great battery life it has no record limit and really I would say there's nothing wrong with the camera and we love that this camera could also shoot an s-log at 10 bit which essentially allows us to color grade the footage coming out of the camera but nonetheless love this body really one of the best cameras for video out on the market and then for the lens we have the infamous 24 to 70 G Master lens we've had this lens for over like two years and we've absolutely loved it it is a zoom lens but I love the focal length that 24 to 70 gives you at 24 millimeters you're able to get a nice wide shot I would say a shot essentially like what you're seeing right now it's pretty wide and then you have the ability to zoom all the way into 70 which will really make your background look super blurry which is what a lot of people want but the ability to have both options is great and at 2.8 it's really going to give you that nice blurry background no matter what focal length you are at and then as you can see on the front of it we have an ND filter on a hinge this hinge could be bought on Amazon I believe still but this ND filter just allows us to film outside so if you want to go outside do some Run and Gun stuff this allows us to maintain our settings if you're ever shooting outside with a camera like this you're going to want an ND filter so if you've got a video guy and he ain't got no ND filter you better be like yo where's your ND filter bro we need to get that crispy blurry background even when we're outside and then as far as what the camera is sitting on you want to make sure you put an expensive camera like this on a good reliable tripod but we have a manfrotto tripod that's aluminum and it's a super high quality and it's taking a beating and it's still held up over eight years or so but I love that it has a ball head so if you need to level out your shot you can do so and it also goes pretty high up as you need it to be which is nice and versatile and I also love that it just has the clamps I like the the clamp tripod versus the twisty knob ones because I just feel like you cannot tighten it one day and then it just fall over so nonetheless a very reliable system and what's really cool is we actually have a quick release system from manfrotto that we have on every tripod we have here and it just allows you to pop off and on any camera or whatever if you want to put a teleprompter on here put the quick release on but I just love it because if you pack up or you set up that's all you have to do to get the camera on I literally have it on this camera so I could pop it off do what we got to do and then if I just need to pop it on could do so as well but that is a manfrotto quick release system now we do have an audio setup that I want to break down and I'll break it down later in the video but the next thing I want to talk about is the lighting setup of this studio now I don't want you to forsake lighting okay lighting is very important I would even say lighting is everything if you pulled the trigger on the camera setup I just broke down but you didn't invest in a good source of light you're going to do yourself a good disservice and we found using uh lights like these which are cob lights uh produce a great soft look on your face and really regardless of what camera you are using uh pulls out the best out of it specifically this light's super awesome it's called the gvm St 300r and what's special about this light other than other ones is it's dual sided as you can see there's one side that produces a light and then there's the back side but to make it simple and not to lose you the front side gives you uh the lights you need to let your face this is the lights daytime temperature it actually goes all the way from 2700 Kelvin which is super warm all the way up to 7 500 Kelvin which is super blue so if you're like trying to match fluorescent lightings and stuff like that you can do that and so the versatility on this end is super great and then the back side is actually some thing I've never seen before but it's an RGB cob light this part of the light gives you any color that you can possibly think of and because this light is a 350 watt light it puts out an incredible strong source of Light No Matter What side you use a cool neat thing about this light that we love is because we put it on a c-stand which is a stand that will just hold something as heavy as this is that the controls of this light are on this kit that actually gets clamped onto a light kit and it just holds in place but what's so cool about having your controls here is that when your light is all raised up and super high depending on what ceilings you have or how far out the light is that you can just be here and control it and so if you're you know if you have somebody running the camera you could totally obviously have them dial it in as needed but this thing is awesome because not only is it give great power it keeps the light quiet because it's powerful and then you can also add v-mount batteries so you don't necessarily need to plug into AC power you can actually just throw a v-mount battery on here you can just be Wireless and not have to worry about plugging in the power which is nice and convenient sometimes another cool thing about this light and a lot of other Light Side gvm offers is that they can be controlled by their app and it's Bluetooth based which is really nice because you can be still connected to Wi-Fi and then connect to the light but having the ability to control it even away from this is super convenient and then just being able to navigate the various different settings now this light isn't cheap this light comes in at 900 dollars but when you compare it to a leading brand like aperture which doesn't have even both sides they just would just have the one side their lights about 950 dollars and so having the versatility if you were to just have one light is awesome that the other side has an RGB option and I'll tell you why that's cool is because of this now this is one of the newest additions to our set when it comes to lighting and really it just adds a dynamic that I think is cool uh as you can see it's kind of like a fake window in the back but you can buy this thing called a gobo or a snoot and again links down in the description below but adding it onto a light like this and this is the gvm 200d not as powerful as this but still a great cob light if you're looking to save some money go for the 200d all these lights have the same Universal Mount so what's cool about these mounts is that you can easily pop off whatever you know softbox you want or if you want like a waffle thing uh like we have over there there's lights going on everywhere or if you even want a lantern light like this they all go on cob lights and so we've just super loved being able to add this to our shot it adds a leading line which I'll break down toward the end of this video but all in all getting a couple cob lights could totally level up your shot completely and then as you see back here we just have this light that we got on Amazon it's about 100 bucks but I think it just adds a cool Dynamic and adds what is called a hair light or even a rim light so when I'm sitting down and we put it in a certain specific area it just adds a little bit of light toward my shoulder and my hair so it kind of Separates Me from the background but a super cool light but those are really just the three main lights that we use on a setup like this all right so you know how I said that lighting is everything just moments ago while audio is 50 of video and similarly if you buy a camera and you don't invest in good audio then you're going to be doing yourself a disservice and so the audio setup we have for this and what we like to use is a boom setup where the mic is just framed right out of the shot but it picks up great because of what's coming around it but the mic we're using is the deity s mic II this is a condenser XLR mic it just captures very natural sound and it just sounds really clean compared to other things right now you are listening to the lav mic that I'll talk about in just a moment that I think you should have in your kit but going back to the deity mic you could see there was a little bit of a difference where the DD mic sounds a little more crispy but we have it on this boom setup that we absolutely love it's on Wheels so if it needs to be moved around and if you stand it could totally work as well if you want to stand but we have an X XLR cable that runs all the way to the camera itself and so let me just get a light on here but we have the XLR plugged into this XLR setup that you can buy additional that goes on pretty much any Sony camera but this adds XLR inputs which is super nice so what is it doing it's adding whatever audio is getting plugged in into the video file in the past people but super simple audio setup for talking head videos you know it's not going to work too well if you plan on moving around now I do think if you have one you have zero and so if you have this audio solution I would encourage you to get another option so if you either have a guest with you or you just want to switch it up and not use that and you want to walk around I would recommend getting what is called the rode Wireless go 2. this is a wireless lavalier kit that you could buy about 300 or so and I'm actually I've actually used it this entire video it's been clipped on to my uh hoodie right here and it's great because Kyle's on the camera and it's able to just you know go wirelessly and maybe you're asking well then why don't I just get that then that you totally could you could totally just get a lav mic and let that be your main source of audio you wouldn't need to buy the Sony thing but we just like the XLR option because we also have a podcast that we do and so we plug in our podcast mics which are short sm7bs right into the camera and so it's very convenient for that and so it's definitely an investment that you can make to to grow into so if you're going to do other things but totally if you get the rode Wireless go to and that would be your main audio Source it's great but having the other option that if you had a guest they can be clipped up and then all that audio is going right into the video clip which is super nice and convenient now I told you that I would talk about some tips on how you can actually use a corner like this a few different ways but if you gotten value in this video let me know by hitting that like button and so real quick let me show you how you can use this angle to get three different shots so this first look is just using the white wall we use this a lot for our search we use it a lot for our podcasts but having a setup like this can be made interesting simply by using what is called leading lines now if you look into this shot you'll see how there's a shelf to the over my right shoulder I think it'll be your left screen my right screen or whatever but this this is making your eye look at me you know and so we also have that Gobo light that we use so those lights are also causing you to look at me so anytime you can you know add things what are called leading lines to force people's attention towards you do so because it's just a wise thing to do in a creative way and then this shelf that we have going on here just adds another layer to the shot I think or Dimension I guess you could say and so even though it's just a plain wall shot you could totally add some life to it by just adding a little bit of furniture and these shelves that we bought are from Ikea they're the fajal blow I think is what they're called but very inexpensive furniture and we like how light they are because they can be moved around because we could switch up the shots like this shot right here now this would be another style that you can go for uh when it comes to using this setup so the first shot that you saw was a little bit more compressed had a flat wall behind me and with this shot it's actually the the lens is all the way zoomed out to 24. so you're gonna get a little bit more of a wider shot kind of more YouTubey and I would even say a little more intimate it feels like I'm like right there with you right um but I like shooting like this especially at this focal length lately because uh I like the seeing my hands uh in the shot at most of the time as well as the ability to zoom in and out as needed so you can always do that but what you see behind me is actually not a black wall this is a black piece of Photography paper it's about a nine foot width roll and we made a video on how you can actually conform a space with a fake corner like this but nonetheless this is a shot you can achieve so we had the one shot with the white wall and then we have another shot like this I'd like to know down in the comments which one you like better but let's check out the third shot which is using the corner as your Center Point which we often do for our podcast the think media podcast this is the shot that I was talking about when using the corner as your main angle and the camera is actually pretty far from me we just have it zoomed in at about 60 or 70 which is giving us that nice compression but having a shot like this is great and it looks great because again the leading lines everything is kind of focusing your attention at me the subject so I love this shot but I actually forgot to mention during the sound portion of this you know this sounds really good here uh really because of treatment I didn't break down treatment during audio but if you have a very big space but you're not treating your space then you're going to get some Echo and it's going to bounce around but we actually have a ceiling uh sound panel that will prevent the sound from bouncing up we have a rug on the floor that also prevents it because this is a hardwood floor Loft that we use and then along the walls we have more of these sound panels and again we'll post everything in the description below so so leveling up your audio also requires leveling up your audio treatment so those are some ideas on building out your YouTube Studio to create videos from whether you're doing podcasts talking head videos or whatever I hope you got some value in this video and if you'd like to check out another video from us here at think media just click or tap the screen can't wait to see you in a future video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [25 likes]: Which setup did you like best or get the most inspiration from? Let me know in the comments!  
Also, Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2022 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @LearnWithOgochukwu [3 likes]: Wow!

To all new YouTubers, a reminder that you are doing your best. Don't give up now. A little more push could bring the break you so desperately need.
  3. @marinahaberdashery: Plenty of tips for me to use ❤ thank you
  4. @BLUPRINT1LE: This video got my videos and channel looking drippy crispy 😂
  5. @alongwithsadique6702: I'm new to this platform and I also want to build a home studio in a very budget friendly way as I'm still a student and don't earn for myself so can you suggest any ideas and check out mine
  6. @CorbanArana: Congratulations!!! I just got my office/studio so I can imagine how excited you must be!
  7. @washprosplus: Great video! This was basically a one stop shop for me. Thank you so much!
  8. @ArtfullyBecoming: I want a light box like that but out of the box, many choices don’t include the light set up. How do I get what u have? I know you aren’t with Think anymore but does anyone have suggestions?
  9. @TheUnNoticedEntrepreneur: Thank you. What a generous video.
  10. @adamcothes2685: Great content, really appreciate the time you put into this very helpful!
  11. @NikhilYashrajVideo: good
  12. @MyUnpolishedLife: I absolutely love your set up. I only hope to one day be successful or nearly as successful
  13. @jayrey7: This is a great video man. Getting ideas.
  14. @jayrey7: Like Eagles 😂😂😂😂😂 👏 I love it. It's dope.
  15. @DBKollectibles: Bro “it’s Mount Everest up in here” killed me😂 great video man. Very helpful
  16. @financialaddictkh: Mount Everest up in here lmao 💯
  17. @Onenesswarrior: That’s crazy how stable the phone was while running
  18. @jackstaak: Storage and transfer of your footage: After recording, you want to start editing on your workstation. How do you streamline this? Not always can you connect your camera to the Mac/PC straight, so what do you use, just an SD card and plug it in the computer later on? In my experience working with Google Drive can be slow and will be a bottleneck in the workflow, just wondering what you guys have a best practice around this.
  19. @BattleofTrenton: How do u afford all this is you tube your only job
  20. @SirZMediaScience: hi, guys. can i ask for advise here. a tutorial video will be highly appreciated. i love how nolan's video look like. so clean, sharp, and vibrant. can you help me get the same look with what i have for indoor talking head and at night time: zv-e10 (first version), a cheap 150 watt light (in a cheap soft box - no grid) that is only dimmable, no kelvin (only options are warm light and white light, and again dimmable), and viltrox AF 23mm f/1.4 lens. i have a small ulanzi led light with a knob at the back for kelvin and brightness i use as a rim light since it's not really bright enough but i'm not getting the intended rim lighting. thank you so much.

- Beginner YouTube Studio Setup (Looks PRO!): Kind: captions Language: en - If you're new to YouTube, or even just making videos in general, having a setup that looks like you've been doing it for a while is totally possible and could be done for under $1,000. And that's why I'll be breaking down this very setup. And if you decide to take this setup out with you to vlog with, or if you want to level up your livestreams or video conference calls, this setup has everything you'll need to be able to do that. So let's get into it. - [Announcer] You gotta just press record. - Hey, what's up? It's Omar El-Takrori with Think Media. Now, we'll be sure to post links down to everything that we mentioned down in the description below. And if you have any questions as we break down this setup, be sure to let me know down in the comments below. We'll do our best to answer those questions. But let's start off with audio and lighting. Audio accounts for 50% of the video viewing experience and lighting will make any camera you use, even a smartphone, look better than what it actually is. So let's talk about some audio options. The first option's gonna run you about $130 and it has a Deity D4 Mini as a mic that has a boom arm that's clamped onto my desk. And then I have an aux cable that runs directly into the camera. And I love the way this sounds and I love how I have free hands. Now the second option's gonna cost you about $140, but it's actually gonna give you a wireless solution, which a lot of people may want because of its convenience of not having any wires and things going on. Regardless of what option you go with when it comes to audio, you're gonna be left with about $860 for the rest of this setup. But the next thing I want to level up is our light. The light that I wanna recommend is one by the sponsor of this video, which is GVM, and I've been using their lights for well over two years and they provide some of the best products at the best prices. They actually let us create this light kit that I thought would be perfect for beginners. That comes with everything you need for under $200. And you're gonna get the light itself, the stand, and a soft box which produces a large soft light on your face even though the light itself has a very small footprint. Some cool features about the SD80S is that it can be battery powered, which could be super convenient if maybe you film in the kitchen or maybe you wanna film outside, but not having to plug in this light. This light is bi-colored with a range of 2,700 up to 7,500, but I like keeping it at 5,600 if you're gonna use it to light your face. You can also control this light wirelessly with the GVM app on your phone, which makes it super fun to use 'cause you could turn it off and on or change any settings that you'd like to. This light also has a universal Bowens mount so you can change the soft box if you want to maybe put a lantern or something else, even if it's third party. But the price of this light kit is just $199. And honestly, it's probably the only light you'll ever need to buy to let your face if you're doing talking head videos like this or even livestreams. And what's awesome is if you actually use the special link down in the description to purchase this light, you'll get 10% off, and use THINKMEDIA to get 10% off this light kit. But thank you GVM for sponsoring this video. So now that we have gotten our audio and our lighting all dialed and ready to go, we have about $680 left to spend on a camera and potentially a tripod and everything else you'll need with a camera 'cause the camera itself won't be enough. However, there are two cameras that I really wanted to kind of let you know about. The first one is the Sony ZV-1F. This is is a $500 camera at retail, which is a great price point for a 4K camera that will get the job done. However, the downside is this camera has a fixed focal length and so you can't really do much with what it has. If you're willing to spend a little bit more money, I would actually get the Sony ZV-1 which is what I'm using right now. And a lot of times this camera actually can retail for $648 if you catch it at a good time. But also you can buy this camera used a lot of the times for around $500 and something, which gives you the extra money to be able to actually buy the other accessories that you need. Tripod and the SD card, and the other things that I think you should buy with this camera. I'll be sure to post links down too in the description below because you can also use this camera to livestream with. I'm actually blown away at the results this setup produces with a good audio and light and this camera, and I think it's a super great setup for beginners. But that is the $1,000 YouTube Studio setup for beginners. And I think a lot of people can crush with this content and always remember that the content value is more important than the production value. So make sure your content is good. Click or tap the screen and check out another video from us here at Think Media. Can't wait to see you in a future video, peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [18 likes]: What do you think about this Studio setup? Does it hit everything you need? Let me know!
Get 10% off your GVM Light Kit Here ➡ https://geni.us/8rwljbQ
  2. @vincelopez8844 [2 likes]: It’s around 2k now
  3. @TroplandUniverse [1 likes]: Why ZV1 over new iPhone? Curious
  4. @365expressions5: Hey the GVM light kit link is broken
  5. @CliffordTheCowboyCloser: Is this still relevant? Would you still recommend these going into 2026?
  6. @DreamTeamPodcastSport: Do you recommand any up to date set up. Looking for building my own studio with low budget
  7. @joeys_vantage: Awesome video, what software do you use to edit and most efficient!? 
Thanks, joey
  8. @CerinaMohammed-e5l: Cerina 
Mohammed
  9. @CerinaMohammed-e5l: Cerina
  10. @ŠílenýMarty: is the GVM Light Kit silent suitable for asmr videos ?
  11. @CasioBioassay: Looks like the generic YouTube lighting method. But dam that orange light is annoying. Imagine thinking that looked good.
  12. @JeremyKleinTech: Is the audio in the video from the Deity V-Mic D4 Mini?
  13. @MAVY-Enterprise: Small YouTubers gather here
  14. @tenzintserang: What are you using to film on in this vid?
  15. @mmsk2010: Audio is 80 percent of video not 50 percent.  Any pro will tell you that.
  16. @DavidKatz: Good tips !
  17. @jvonthego123: Hi and thanks for the great video!   

As a traveling entrepreneur and musician, I have already created my ultimate portable audio recording studio, but now I will start filming too and I wonder what would be the ultimate portable light setup. I've already maxed out my luggage with audio equipment, instruments and two pair of jeans, so I think the only thing I could fit into my luggage is a small LED key light and a pocket RGB LED back light.  

Is a small LED key light and a pocket RGB LED back light enough to make my videos look semi-professional?  

If so, what is the smallest, most portable and quiet LED key light and pocket RGB LED back light you would recommend in order to get the best possible result within these restrictions?  
Any answers would be very much appreciated.  

Thanks for creating awesome and helpful content!
  18. @leonbraun3778: This is a great video, thank you ☺ hoping to get into the video making process here soon, just doing all my research, prep, and setup now ☺
  19. @francescovescio3316: What is that long slender light in the background called? Any links?
  20. @superresistant0: huge BS to sell merch

- Ultimate One Man Band Youtube Studio!: Kind: captions Language: en guys welcome back to the channel in this video i'm going to break down this entire insane video studio setup whatever you want to call it essentially it's a small studio with a desk that is designed to crank out youtube videos and all the training content that i do over at academy.dslrvdshooter.com and how over the last 10 years i've been slowly developing this crazy setup time stamps and everything mentioned will be down in the description i've also written an article on this entire setup in depth so if you want to read more about it and get some more nitty gritty information check that out nobody's sponsoring this video but this video is supported by those of you who have purchased my camera guides and luts check the link in the description to learn more and thank you guys so much for all the amazing support okay so let's kick things off by talking about the room that i'm currently in this part of the studio is 16 by 18 feet or 288 square feet while this is a larger space you can totally take everything we're going to talk about and scale it down to fit your needs looking at everything here you'll immediately notice how dark it is and that is primarily due to all of the sound blankets for sound treatment i've gone exclusively with producers choice sound blankets they're not a sponsor but i love using their products and i have for years and years i've tried foam i've tried sound panels but these blankets have been the best bang for buck when it comes to results and the fact that you can just get more for your money and if you take anything away from this video let it be that spending money on acoustic treatment is going to do more for your videos than just about anything else in parts of this space i just have sound blankets kind of hung along the walls and then in other parts i have these rolling sound blankets that i've done another video on you can check that out but they allow me to partition off this corner space make it more intimate sounding and smaller you don't want big wide open hard surface spaces across the ceiling i've run even more blankets i love the way it looks very seamless but you can also go out and buy two by four tiles that work great with little s hooks and you can totally go that route with the room and treatment talked about let's move on to the desk itself this is an uplift desk it's definitely overkill and i have also wrapped it with some vinyl so it's a nice gray which i prefer you don't want black necessarily because it's super dark but if you go with a white desk you get a lot of fill underneath your chin so i found this kind of gray vinyl worked out really well for kind of something in between from this reverse camera you can kind of see the layout of the desk here i have various things across the back that i need to be able to grab and then you'll also notice i have folded against the back of the desk here another one of those sound blankets because guess what this is a hard reflective surface and if i'm speaking it's going to be bouncing around so i folded up this blanket put it on the back and that's going to grab some of those reflections of my voice bouncing off of this desk and gonna kind of soak them up and kill that reflective sound which is great next let's talk about the cameras i'm using for the main camera we have a sony a74 with a sony 35 millimeter f 1.8 and i also have a black promise filter 1 8 filter on the front to kind of soften things up just a little bit and add a little bit of diffusion and that's the main camera now if i were starting over today i would just have all of the same exact camera but since i talk about other brands and whatnot i kind of have a mix now as you can see from the monitor off in the corner i have several other camera angles that i can switch to and we'll talk about this whole monitoring and switching situation in just a little bit but i want to show you the individual camera angles first so here we have my top down camera angle and this is just very simply another angle that i can use if i don't want to capture b-roll and overlay that over my a-roller the talking head footage so if i wanted to still have really good audio from my microphone and talk about this mikey lens and how much i enjoy it i can just do that with this camera angle and it's also a zoom lens this is a tamron 28 to 75 to 8 so i can kind of change how things work there and for the overhead camera i am using a c-stand a boom arm and on the end of that we have a rabbit baby and a ball head and that gives me a super solid sturdy way to boom the camera over i threw the gh6 on the desk here to show you another camera angle that i have and this is usually used for my camera guide so if you've purchased my guides in the past you're very used to seeing me here and we're talking about the camera going into the menu system we're going over settings and all that good stuff so it's great to have another camera angle over here now let's get to one of my favorite parts of this setup and that is the monitoring solution that i've developed over the last 10 years and it's taken a long time to put this together but i absolutely love it and you'll see in a second how amazing it is so we have two monitors here as you can see one on the left is set up with a multi-view using an a10 mini we'll get to that in a second and the one on the right is just a spare monitor that i can run another feed to if i just want to have a dedicated camera angle so you can see that this wide shot behind me i have that pulled up and dedicated on this monitor at the heart of this monitoring solution i am using an a10 mini pro iso now you could go with the a10 mini pro if you don't need to record your camera angles but as you can see from this multi-view setup i'm actually recording right now and recording all these different camera angles it's a fantastic backup i already screwed something up on this video and i know i can just grab the files off of this ssd that is connected to the a10 mini pro iso i'm moving my gh6 over here to show you the actual a10 mini and show you how i use this for monitoring so as you can see over here we have the main monitor with all the different camera angles and i can press one two three and four and pull up and cue up all these different angles and see what's going on but on the atem i can actually switch from multi-view over to program view and i have a full screen display of just that camera angle again i can switch back and forth and see what's happening like this crazy angle and make sure everything is working just fine on each camera angle so it's a fantastic way for me to quickly switch camera angles check to make sure everything's working and it has the added bonus that i'm able to actually record each of these camera streams as a backup and these monitors are just basic computer monitors that i've purchased over the years you could easily get something more affordable from like benq and go with a 1080p display instead of 4k this is just what i happen to have and both of those are mounted to a bunch of random stands but in short you can go out and get a visa mount to light stand adapter and make sure you have a heavy duty stand that'll hold these and then you can mount them however you want you'll also notice that they are down low and off to the side and that is because i wear glasses so the idea is get the monitors down and kind of out of the way so i have less reflections to deal with in my glasses all of that is only half of this monitoring setup really the thing that makes it super special and really versatile is the patch panel that i have down to my lower right here in short this is a ton of hdmi pass-throughs or couplers so female to female hdmi and i have everything in this studio setup run to that patch panel and it allows me to quickly make connections as an example let's say i want this overhead camera to run over to that monitor on my right traditionally i'd have to get a new cable plug it into this camera run it over and hook it up to the monitor but this camera and that monitor are already hooked into this patch panel so all i have to do is take a six inch hdmi cable and connect those two hdmi inputs and outputs over here on the patch panel and here's a shot of that patch panel without any cables connected so you can kind of get an idea of how i have things organized the way i broke things down is the top row is the from row and the bottom is the 2. it is so invaluable having a setup like this in any kind of studio environment when it comes to implementing or building this it's really straightforward you can go out and buy a rack mount wall bracket and it's designed to go on a wall but you can mount it underneath your desk from there i got two rack mount keystone panels and keystones is kind of a system of adapters or connectors that can go into wall plates and things like that from there you can go out and buy the hdmi keystones and they just snap in place or you can switch over to the d series system which will work with xlr sdi and so many other connections before we get to audio and lighting let's talk about power briefly on my left i have another rack mount system for all power for this entire setup the bottom power strip has a switch all the way to the far left and that one switch controls everything so it'll turn on and off the monitors lighting camera i can also plug anything into that outlet on the front if i need to power something on the desk i don't have to run a cable i can just plug it in right there just above that i have another rack mountable power strip but this one has switches on the front outlets on the back so that i can run certain things to this bar and be able to turn them on and off individually for example this first switch is my key light if i wanted to turn it off and show the background and then two custom 3d printed essentially camera patch panels that i'm not going to get into next up we have audio we're going to start with the source or the microphone and it is the mkh416 from sennheiser fantastic microphone it's around a thousand dollars and i get that it's very expensive but if you just want to buy a microphone and just be done for life this is a great one to go with there are of course way more budget-friendly options and i've done a whole video on shotgun microphones that you can check out if you want to save some coin the microphone is then mounted to a rycote stand and from there connects to my rode psa1 what i love about having it on this microphone arm is that i can simply grab the microphone and move it if i need to it's great if you change your framing because you can see the microphone in your shot and simply grab it and move it up and out of the shot just like that instead of having a boom pole where you have to move a stand and it's never quite right and you have to keep walking back and changing it i love this system and i've done a video on this that you can check out it's a little older but it'll get you through building something like this from there the rode psa attaches to a 20-inch grip arm connected to a grip head which sits on another c-stand from there that xlr cable is run from the microphone to my mix pre three and the mix pre-3 can be difficult to find but if you can afford it sound devices make some incredible audio recorders and preamps the sound is super clean they're wonderful devices to use and all of that is mounted on my assistant's little station but when i'm solo shooting i can have the mix pre 3 mounted right in front of me so i can make sure audio is recording and then we have lighting now i've gone with all aperture lights not because they've sponsored the video but because they have a feature that makes them amazing to use in a system or an environment like this we'll get to that here in a second but first we've got the key light which is an aperture 300x and a giant 60 inch parabolic softbox a lot of you know that i really like large modifiers because it gives you such a soft light so that's the key light usually i don't have a fill so right now i have this white board here so normally that is gone and instead of looking like this it would look like this with a little more negative fill on my left side then for the background we have a lot going on so we have a lamp with an aperture b7c that i can change the color temperature on and whatnot i also have a t2c down in the corner just to add a little bit of interest down there and then i have a little forest of background lights and it looks like a crazy situation with these two stands but i'm gonna walk you through each light and why i am using it so we have four lights on the background the first is an amaran 60d i love those little lights firing into an acrylic mirror and i've done a video on shooting with mirrors and that's giving us this kind of fake window reflective light right here the next background light is an amaran 100d another great budget light shooting through an aperture spotlight mount and that has a gobo in it with a window kind of frame and you can see that on this wall over here it kind of makes it look like there's moonlight coming through a window and you know spilling across the wall or you could simply cut out a fake window in a piece of cardboard and shoot a light through it the third light is another 100d this time it's skipping across the floor just to brighten that up and bring that level up a little bit otherwise it's kind of a black hole back there and the final light is an amaran 6dc led panel and that's kind of bringing the entire level of the wall and the room up so it's just hitting the entire wall it is a bi-color and rgb light so i could switch it to different colors if i wanted to create a really wild look and the reason i use all these aperture and amram lights is because they all work with the situs link app meaning that i can program in different level and different color temperatures for each light and save them to different groups as an example here is what the night setup looks like where i have kind of a cooler background and a warmer foreground but with one tap i can switch over to a day setup finally each of these lights either can turn on and off with a power strip or has the studio mode built in which essentially allows the light to automatically turn itself back on once ac power is supplied to the light that means once again with a single switch i can turn the entire studio on as for how i rigged those lights up check a blog post that i'll have linked to in the description where i talk about all the little gizmos and grip equipment to build that whole setup and i just want to say if i was starting over today honestly i would mainly be using amaran lights that 100d the 100x and the 60d and 60x lights they're really affordable so much cheaper than the uh aputure 300x and things like that so that's gonna wrap up this insane setup that i built for making youtube videos for filming courses if you have any questions let me know check out the links in the description and that full blog right up thank you guys so much for watching and we'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @soundofgugu: Caaarrrraaaazzzzy good!
  2. @livinginidaho: Question... at 05:16 in the film you're talking about the ATEM Mini Pro Iso and how you use it to record. I see your film is uploaded in 4k but the I believe the ATEM records 1080 and not 4k. Do you get the SD cards out of all the cameras and download them for 4k?
  3. @kinglouie69: Nice Setup ^^
  4. @GravityGlitch10: 6:42 I feel you.



















I have glasses too.
  5. @Leopold-i7y: 10:57 He just did the mewing trend a year ago…😂
  6. @kelvinfunkner: I run a recording studio and my first thought was how good the VO sounded....and it makes sense when you showed the sound blanket treatment. Love the portable gobo idea and I'll be putting that to use for sure!
  7. @justfreedude: 😮 insane but 👍
  8. @damianseals: Okay but 4:04 what is a rabbit baby?
  9. @truth7416: Just some advice. You look like you are in the dark and the contrast and image is grainy.
  10. @jasonperry6046: What HDMI patch cables did you use? All the ones I have bought are too rigid.
  11. @alexmw14: What happened to the teleprompter?
  12. @agustinsida8877: well, all i can afford are blankets so thanks for the tip
  13. @MrSpeakerCone: Looks like a great setup!  
If I may offer a bit of advice as an audio engineer; you've treated the high frequency reflections very well with the blankets and curtains, but there's something a bit woofy in the low-end which you might want to treat as well.  Bass traps in the corners of the room would be a good start, and also consider a sofa on the back wall between your C-stands and your lamp.  There's a reason every recording studio has one :)
  14. @paleyosezi3122: You should sell those patch panels
  15. @JustCallMaggie: The audio on this is great
  16. @learnkajabi: Interesting. By comparison, I made $1M creating training courses with a $99 USB mic and Camtasia.
  17. @Graphic-design-uncut: nice setup I don't see the link for the rolling stand, I am looking to create mobile setup
  18. @neostephens8980: What drawer system is that?
  19. @Matt_Dylan: Wow you really have every video I need to get started. I constantly want to click on the suggested videos but I have to get through this one first lol
  20. @liamfoneill: Love the setup. The only think I wished Aputure/Amaran lights have is an API. I have a mixture of Elgato/Philips Hue and Govee Lights and I can control them all with Stream Deck and/or Home Assistant. I'd love to add some Amaran lights but needing to use my phone separately is a bit of a deal breaker.

- Entire Youtube Studio Setup ON ONE DESK!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to the channel in this video we're going to be building a monstrosity youtuber's dream desk when it comes to a camera that is always ready to go at your desk with lighting audio it's all modular and can move around and we can record on our computer and use it as a monitor since it's right next to us so i'm going to be filming this entire video using the exact thing we're talking about and that we're going to be building in a previous video i did something similar to this but it was all on a rolling light stand and this setup is going to be a little more affordable than that one so here is the entire price if you buy all the stuff on amazon that we're going to be talking about that includes the camera the lens just absolutely everything and if you already have a camera and lens this is the cost to build this thing it's really not that expensive considering what all you're getting with it and what you can do with it all the sections of this video will be in the time stamps below including the parts list actually putting this thing together and then the final results and what all you can do with it so first i want to talk about why you would want to do this in the first place well i think there are several reasons a setup like this makes a ton of sense and the first one is going to be speed you can essentially turn this camera on turn this light on and start recording on your computer immediately which means you can edit immediately and upload very quickly so turn around when it comes to creating content with a setup like this is amazingly quick the second reason to do a setup like this is the space savings as you can see from the second angle we just have a desk with everything ready to go so if you're working out of your bedroom you can essentially add this to your pre-existing desk and you're ready to rock and roll likewise if you have a spare room you could have a separate desk or table build this thing maybe put it right smack dab in the middle of your entire desk and then you could have a laptop off to one side and create a ton of content very very quickly so we're going to get off to that a little bit later but first let's go over the parts list and since we're at a desk it makes sense to go ahead and push the camera back show that i'm at my computer and we can go ahead and jump in and take a look at this list so i'm going to hide quicktime here and pull up my spreadsheet with all the parts used so just like our last video when it comes to the camera and lens configuration we're using the sony a6400 and the sigma 16 millimeter f 1.4 none of these videos are sponsored by sony i just really enjoy this combination and we're able to capture 4k video which is really really awesome so you could go with something like a canon dslr or a canon mirrorless camera something from panasonic just about anything is going to work so the whole reason this is possible is because we are using visa mount arms specifically a post that attaches to your desk and several arms come off of it traditionally you use this to hold monitors but we're obviously using it for film equipment at 33 or so you'll be able to grab the main post and you'll get one arm out of the setup from there we're going to purchase two additional arms another short arm and then a three section long arm and we're going to use that for our main light we'll also need a tripod extension tube a tripod head of choice i'd recommend something lightweight i'm using a ball head in this instance we're also going to need a set of tripod screws in different thread sizes next we're going to need a light i am using this 1x2 flexible led light it comes with a frame it's super lightweight which is perfect for this build and that and everything else will be linked to in the description this light is dimmable comes with a remote and is by color so you're able to adjust the color depending on the room that you're in and that's where this thing really shines to adjust the light we'll need a small ball head that'll screw into the actual frame and from there we can move on to audio which is pretty much identical to my last video 13 mic arm with the rode video micro and an extension cable to run to our camera that's really all the parts you need there are a couple optional items that'll really help out though those include a power supply for the camera so you don't have to use batteries so if you want to just leave this thing set up all the time you just flip a switch and you're off to the races recording your videos that would be a great one to go with and then if you want to be able to record videos on your computer while you're at your desk using this entire setup you're going to need the cam link which is able to capture 4k video if your system can handle it and you'll be able to just record right on your computer immediately be able to view and listen to it import edit and upload without ever leaving your desk which i think is pretty awesome and if you're in a pitch black room without any white walls or any sunlight or anything to help you out you might also need some additional lighting check out my previous videos where i talk about a simple stand and the bowling p1 as really nice supportive lights if it's really dark in your room and last but not least you might need some software if you're going to be capturing footage directly onto your computer obs is a great free option i'm actually just using apple's built-in quicktime software which works natively with the cam link out of the box so let's start putting this thing together the first thing you're going to do is take the main post of this visa arm system which by the way is designed to hold monitors not film equipment but it's going to work just fine for this and you're going to attach it to your desk obviously it works great if you're doing it next to a computer but you could just use this with a table or a desk in a different room if you just want something that's super clean and ready to go all the time i could also see this being awesome if you do any kind of tabletop stuff you could always add a second camera if you wanted to so with all that done we're going to take the arm that also is included in this visa mount system we're actually going to remove the visa attachment from the end out of the box you'll have to add the visa mount potentially so just don't include that and you may need to remove a bunch of bolts and all the stuff at the end of this arm and at the end of the day you should have something like this a very simple square tube that has a hole on the top and the bottom at this point we're actually going to take a drill and i promise this is the only thing we're modifying here and having to like diy and we're going to actually enlarge the top hole just a little bit if you're going to do this i highly recommend using a stepper bit as this is very easy very safe and is going to give you a very clean hole without much effort our goal is to be able to take one of those 3 8 tripod threads and to stick it inside of that tube and up through the hole and then we can take our tripod extension hole and add that to the thread once it's all tightened down we now have essentially a baby little tripod that can be extended if you want your camera a little higher or drop down for a nice low angle from there you throw your tripod head onto the tripod extension and then add your camera and that takes care of the camera at this point you can freely move it around adjust the tripod head and do what you got to do next we're going to move to audio and essentially what we're doing here is adding a second one of these arms and clamping on our mic stand as you see here it just clamps right onto the end again i remove the whole visa end on this arm and what this allows us to do is not only fold this folding arm but then swing it out of the way and just completely hide it this keeps our desks nice and clean so there's no camera tripod sitting here there's no microphone arm here and i will say that you could obviously use this arm like it's intended to and clamp it to the edge of your desk that would work but the problem with that is your mic if you don't want it in your frame is going to have to be way out here or way down low somewhere and very far away from your mouth since we moved it up onto the swinging arm and then out over us we're able to get it much closer so my mouth is probably 12 inches away that allows us to drop our levels down gets everything cleaned up it just sounds better my mac here you might be hearing in this video is processing and you know recording this footage so it's fans are going but it's not you know super duper noisy so that takes care of sound of course we have that wired with our extension arm all the way on this pole and up to the camera what's cool about this system since it's designed to hold monitors there's lots of cable management so there's these little clips that attach to each of these arms allowing you to route all your cables you throw in a little extra velcro and you have a really nice clean install like you see here next up we're going to talk about the light now for this setup i bought a third arm and mounted it to this main post here now this arm's a little different it actually has three sections allowing it to be run really far out and then instead of removing the actual visa plate i left it there but i did take that stepper bit that we used earlier and expanded one of the holes on the actual vesa mount this allowed me to take another tripod screw run it through there and into this little ball head at the bottom in the base of the light so now the light is mounted securely make sure when you use that tripod screw that you go out and buy a little baggie of some lock washers you want to use this with this light setup because what it's going to do is prevent things from loosening so you can pick up a bag of those just about anywhere just bring a quarter 20 with you or 3 8 or whatever you're gonna use to make sure it'll work next we can take our light and go ahead and build the frame that comes with it and add the light via velcro and we're pretty much done with that you have a remote you're ready to go with your light we're then going to add a ball mount to the bottom of that light there's actually a quarter 20 in the frame of the light itself with all that done we can now mount it to our main post make sure you use the diffusion sheet that comes with it it just velcros onto the entire front of the light from there all that remains to be done is cable management so i routed the cable along this arm here down the center post same with our audio and if you're using the cam link with your computer you'll obviously want to plug that into your computer so with all that taken care of let's go ahead and talk about how to use this thing and what you can do with it okay so at this point we are rolling on the a6400 we also have our secondary camera so that we can see what's going on i'm also recording on the actual mac over here so that's the file we'll be using just so you can see how good or not good this looks i'm also going to go ahead and dim my computer screen all the way down so it's not giving us even more light we just want to show off what this light is doing so this is the first setup we have the camera pretty close to me i can easily touch the actual lens we also have it all the way down so this is as low as it can go it's significantly lower than you know my eye line so i'm kind of addressing down to the camera but that's a popular look that a lot of people use we also have great auto focus with this lens so i could just block my face with an object and it's going to catch focus this is great for product reviews you know if you're doing youtube video just a really nice thing to have so that's setup number one i'm going to go ahead and raise the camera up so you can see what that looks like there's the camera raised all the way up a lot more eye level than this of course i could adjust my chair if i wanted to as well and now we're gonna take the camera we're gonna push it all the way back so that you have something like this a really nice wide shot and this is great if you do any gaming or you know just want a really nice looking tutorial set up you can be like all right guys let's go ahead and dive in boom you're ready to rock and roll it's all right here you can have your notes here there's just so many reasons that this setup makes sense so i hope this video has at least given you a few ideas as to what you can do with a setup like this if you have a spare bedroom but not a ton of space for lights and stands and things and you have a desk or if you're just working out of your bedroom something like this would give you a ton of flexibility and allow you to create content quickly which is really tough to do here on youtube there's a lot involved in making a video so i hope you enjoyed links to everything will be in the description let me know if you have any questions thanks again for watching and we'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dslrvideoshooter [305 likes]: Timestamps HERE. Thank you for watching!
1:02 - Why Build This?
1:56 - Parts List
5:02 - Build Guide
9:52 - Example Shots
  2. @smartfoxhelp [3 likes]: A very late reply in a long list of them, but this video was paramount in helping me set up my new Youtube studio. I also modded an arm (as instructed) to hold an iPad and another to hold a RodeCaster. Very useful and versatile hack. Thanks for making this!
  3. @GucciCaligula: Using the monitor as a fill is fucking genius and so obvious I’m mad I never thought of it.
  4. @Raofin: This a fantastic video, thank you.
  5. @tomaszmikutel: great video, what light would you recommend for artists with camera mounted above the monitor (overhead)? Will ring light be better as it can wrap around the dslr camera? I would rather use soft box but I am not sure if it would not drop the shadow from the camera into desk area.
  6. @ArtistSushilTambe: 👍
  7. @SINISTA_ONE: Creative way. Thank you :very much. Wiley67
  8. @ChrisBryantVideo: Massively helpful - bought most of the rigging and just set it up. Looks awesome! Thanks, man.
  9. @CharuHarshaliWasnikar: Hey - Sorry to be late to this video … looks like 5 years late 

But I have Sony a6400 and I would love to use it with my MacBook Pro to record video or to use it like a Webcam 

May I know if you had to download Sony Imaging Webcam software or any other software 

I am using Sony Imaging Webcam software but I am unable to get the video feed 

Appreciate if you could help out 

Thanks
  10. @MBStoryteller2: Don't add this light on ur head it will get blast 😂😂😂
  11. @TheNeighborsTrash: After hours of searching I finally found the solution that will work for me. Thank you.
  12. @iraklicgi: The video itself is great, full of value but I wouldn't buy all these equipment if I don't have any experience with talking to camera or personal branding I'd start with basic things like cheap basic lighting and my iPhone for recording
  13. @TheVisionCenter2010: Hi,  what if I would like to use my Iphone as a camera and teleprompter? Is there a different mount you would recommend?
  14. @cosmicfxx: FOSITAN FL-3060 2nd Gen Video Lighting no longer available :( ... what's alternative?
  15. @rirosman: Thank for the great show.
  16. @LEGENDARYTACTICALTECH: is a gopro, dslr or webcam be alright as a secondary camera?
  17. @HerodeStinfil: Merci bro kite jesus Beni amen amen y ❤😂😂
  18. @BeeMLNR: What lights did you get
  19. @kengasmin2434: Thank you sir! nice one..
  20. @sorosfox3801: Bravo!! What a great video. Very helpful. Thanks

- Full Youtube Studio on ONE SINGLE STAND!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to another video in this one we're going to build a single stand youtube studio so one stand that rolls around hold your camera your key light and your audio and i've been thinking about this video for a long time so i'm super happy to finally see this thing alive and i'm actually using it right now so if i grab the stand and not talk because my audio is going to be weird i can move it around and the lighting doesn't change and the sound doesn't change let me go the other way and as you can see i can essentially move this thing around and have an entire youtube studio go with me and i don't have to continually move all these different stands and tripods so in the description i'll have time stamps to each section of this video we're going to talk about the parts i use to build this thing and then also when we build it and finally the final results and what you can do with a setup like this so let's not mess around let's get straight into the parts list for this build now i didn't cheap out and get a bunch of really garbagey stuff i really wanted a nice solution that was very heavy duty and can grow with you over time so you could put a c200 on this thing no problem whatsoever so let's get into it first and foremost we have the stand this is a hundred and fifty dollar rolling stand that i absolutely love i talked about it in my stands and studio setup video which you can check out it gets really tall and it's super compact when it comes to its footprint which is important because i want this whole thing to be able to be collapsed and maybe put in a closet or the corner of a bedroom or studio and be ready to rock and roll at any moment you're also going to need two grip heads a 40 inch or 20 inch grip arm depending on how far you want your light to swing out and then an led light for your key now i am going to recommend two options one is the lc160 from intellitech it's what i'm using right now and the reason we want this kind of style of light is because of its weight it's very lightweight it's going to work great on a setup like this an alternative would be the falcon eyes 24 tdx it's not as well made but it would do the trick it has a slightly larger controller and all that stuff both of these lights can be built as a soft box which i have right here and it works really really well for a nice large soft lightweight setup you will also need to sandbags one six inch mathelini cardellini vice grip whatever you wanna call it one super clamp and one super clamp six inch extension with a spigot we'll also need an additional spigot for our light a 13 microphone arm and a microphone of choice for this setup i am actually using i'll pull it down into frame here a rode video micro and i have an extension cable running to the camera and it is mounted to a ball head which is on the actual arm and then optionally you can use a power strip for powering everything or a v-mount battery and on the controller of each of those lights there is a d-tap so you could use that to power your camera using the appropriate cable the last couple of items are kind of cheating but pretty necessary and that is some kind of background lighting i could add it to the stand but that's going to make this thing just ginormous so i would recommend picking up one or two lightweight stands and one or two bowling p1 led lights they're rgb they're great i'm using one right now and they're phenomenal you might not need these at all if you have natural light or good lighting in your room but since i'm gonna figure that no one has lights at all we're gonna throw those in you also need some kind of tripod head or ball head for mounting your camera and finally we have the camera and lens which i'm recommending the sony a6400 and the sigma 16 millimeter f 1.4 this combination makes for an amazing arms length or beyond style youtube setup the autofocus is amazing on this combination so if you are into sony that's a good way to go otherwise you could probably use a canon m50 or really any other camera with decent autofocus to make this a quick and easy setup for content creation or youtube videos so those are all the parts let's now get into the actual build so you're going to take your stand and throw those sandbags on the base we are going to be throwing a lot of weight on this thing and some of the weight is going to be offset so we want to make sure we stay safe and have those sandbags in place next add one of our two grip heads on top of the stand and add your grip arm in my case i'm using the 40 inch because i want that extra reach if i need it and you can collapse everything pretty easily when you're done with the setup with your 40 inch arm mounted we're going to add a spigot to the other end also side note make sure all your knobs are on the right side we don't want the weight of our light to actually loosen these things with our spigot on the end of the arm we're going to add our light in this case the intellitech lc160 it's a bi-color light super bright i'm actually using it at one or two percent right now because i'm shooting this close to wide open with our light in place we can move on to the camera which is going to involve adding our super clamp to the stand and super clamps have a very specific attachment point which allows us to take the six inch extension and slot it into the super clamp from there we can add the included spigot and finally we can thread on our tripod head for me i'm using just a cheap ball head next we can add our camera and lens and we're done with the camera setup very straightforward you can adjust it as needed of course and with that taken care of we can move on to audio this is going to involve taking our methylene clamp adding it to the stand and adding a grip head to the end of that next we're gonna take our microphone arm and directly attach it to the grip head from there we can extend the arm and thread on our ball head or just directly thread on your microphone again you can use anything here but i'm trying to keep it semi-affordable and as you might be able to hear it sounds pretty good in my opinion since we have it just out of frame having it on an arm like this allows us to very easily adjust where the microphone is so usually what i'll do is i'll pull it into the shot just like this and just get it out of the shot that's going to ensure we have it as close as possible to your subject or yourself and that'll give you the best highest quality audio of course i have an extension cable to go from the camera to the microphone and with that the only thing remaining to do is a little bit of cable management and we're done now i'm using a battery in the camera but you could buy a d-tap or p-tap to whatever style battery you have and use the controller for the light as a power supply for your camera in which case this whole thing would be powered off of a single v-mount or gold mount and that would be pretty awesome and that is how you can put together this insane youtube studio on a single stand of course you can use these parts for all kinds of production this grip equipment is legit stuff so if you don't know how to use it you should definitely check out some videos and there's so much you can do with these tools even if you decide not to use this setup down the road so here is our first setup we have everything ready to rock and roll and you can see i've got a nice little set behind me i'm at arm's length from the lens of course i can push this back and we'll do that here in a little bit and now i can finally show you the power and the awesome feature that is one stand for your entire setup of course we have these two little lights off to the side but of course those can be moved around the main difficulty is dealing with all of this stuff that you normally have on separate stands and tripods so let's go ahead and change up the look by simply grabbing this give me one second i'm simply going to move this entire thing over here so now if i grab this light stand move it out of the way just like that we have a totally different look by moving a single stand and of course i can grab these other stands and maybe i'll change the color real quick just like that and if i'm not quite happy with the framing instead of moving a light a microphone and the camera i can simply grab the single stand and slide it over something like that pretty amazing so at this point i'm going to take this whole setup and move it further away and show more of the room so let's go ahead and start doing that and here we have a new completely different setup we just pushed everything away another thing i can do is simply back up of course i'll need to extend my microphone a little bit but now i'm further back and i can also adjust my framing on the actual tripod head something like that just a completely different setup i could extend this arm out i could move the light from off to this side to straight above and if i decide i don't like this end of the room at all i can simply grab the stand like i will here in a second and completely flip things around so here we go and face the other side of the studio if i don't like the framing of this i can make easy adjustments maybe i'll bring it over here something more like that boom so there's so many different ways that you can very quickly get a completely different look in a single bedroom office space you can slightly make some tweaks with your lighting and everything but everything can move all together so hopefully if anything you got something out of this and maybe it gave you a couple ideas i will have links to everything mentioned in the description if you enjoy this type of content let me know i enjoy it and i would like to do more stuff like this but let me know if you have any questions maybe we'll get some of that stuff addressed in the future that's going to do it for me guys thank you so much for watching we'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dslrvideoshooter [83 likes]: Timestamps! Thank you so much for watching!
0:55 - Parts List
4:10 - Build Guide
6:58 - Example Shots
  2. @unevenpictures: We need an update on this
  3. @lylyphan6401: Does the Sigma 16mm F1.4 E Mount Lens have distortion or do your face's frame distort?
  4. @producerbenford: RIP Intellytech 😢
  5. @suhasrb2396: Need an updated 2026 video now
  6. @jocelyncoaching: @dslrvideoshooter Loved your mobile setup video! As a career coach building a mobile studio, I have two questions:
	1.	Glasses glare - How did you avoid light reflections in your glasses? I’m getting significant glare with my current setup and about to restructure using the grip arm approach you suggested, though I’m concerned that as my head moves during recording, I’ll get glare at different angles. Do you have to be very careful about limiting your head movement to avoid this?
	2.	Overhead lighting - In my regular setup, I use butterfly lighting with an overhead light positioned between me and the camera. Is that viable for a mobile setup? Would I need a C-stand to make that work, or would an Impact Baby Roller stand with a grip arm be sufficient for overhead positioning?
Thanks for the practical advice!
  7. @IamEQUIX: Please update this video
  8. @IamERAMOS: He cheated. He had a single stand and 2 on tbe sides. Smh. How dare you lol
  9. @drawartgallery: Best video. thanks you for your sharing.
  10. @MikeRiveraNaplesFl: any update to this rig?
  11. @TripBloggers: The Intellytech LiteCloth LC-160 2 x 2' Foldable LED Mat Kit (V-Mount) is no longer available. What's a good replacement?
  12. @solat-ali: Awesome video! 1 question, can we use it for recording programming / streaming style videos? e.g. I want to connect camera through CamLink to my PC and record in OBS, and  want it positioned in a way that it's behind my work desk, but my multiple monitors are out of the shot + camera is to my left / right side just above the monitor. Please let me know!!
  13. @cinestyleinc: Check out Walter Van Dusen he has a 3 camera interview rolling stand he runs around tradeshows with, insane how much thought he put into making it, and the dedication he has. He's a small channel for now but I have a feeling him may get big one day
  14. @tomkent4656: What is the diameter of the central column?
  15. @Jayhadd21: My question is how does that small of a mic pick up such great audio?
  16. @fathomoza1527: I mean Singel Stand Studio.🖐
  17. @fathomoza1527: Hi pleas send me the Adress where cann i order that.
  18. @fathomoza1527: 👍.............................
  19. @ResilientLifeTM: I just set up my "studio in one stand" and I want to say thank you!
  20. @LosRolesdeEdy: Una idea genial!!! Me encanta! Veo que puede ser una exclenete idea para el contenido de limpieza que hago. Muchas gracias por compartir!

- My Lighting Setup for Videos, Streaming, & Podcasts: Kind: captions Language: en - Today, I had the bright idea to enlighten others with a delightful video about the lighting setup for the room where I film my videos and to do some streaming and stuff. (upbeat music) And right away, I just wanna point a few things out. First, would be that it took me over three and a half years to get to a point where I am happy with the lighting setup in this room. So it's not something that happens all at once. And while I did start out and pay for all the lights myself at full price, more recently Nanlite and FalconEyes sent me quite a few lights that are really nice. They did not send them to me to make a video. They didn't also send money or anything. They just sent me some lights and I like them so I'm using them, but I'm pointing that out just so you know that everything in here wasn't totally paid for by me and then also that I'm very, very picky about free stuff and sponsored content or anything like that. So if you wonder how I handle it, there's a link in the description to the Ethics Statement on my website where you can see exactly my philosophy and process for that. And that's also why you might have noticed the little paid promotion thing popping up at the start of this video. Also that leads me into the next point which is I'm not making this video to tell you, "Hey go buy all this stuff and load up your credit card and go into debt to get these cool lights." Rather, my goal is to just show you what I use and you might get some cool ideas and you might see a light or two that might work for your setup that would be worth investing. But I would never want anyone to buy stuff that's not within their budget or anything like that. And then the third thing is, this is the opposite of like a minimalist lighting setup where some people are like, "here's my one light and how I make everything look amazing with my one light." There are 13 lights on in here right now. So we're gonna go over all 13 lights. As of about three months ago, every single light in here whether it's one of the 13 that are on right now or any of the other accent lights I can turn on are dedicated video lights. I was going crazy with lights flickering, especially LED lights and RGB lights. Dedicated video lights at any frame rates, any shutter speed, any setting, no matter what won't flicker and that completely saved the day. Especially in this little cabinet over here if there are no lights on in there, it's just this big black empty void. And so you can probably go back over the past six months to a year of videos and you can see things changing. I used to just set battery-operated lights in there but then they would die sometimes during the video. And then I tried LED light strips and then those would flicker like crazy. So I finally found a solution that works. And of course the first lights we're gonna start with are the main lighting setup, which would be the key, fill and backlight for me because let's face it, I'm the most important thing in this room right now. Sorry drum set. Just to show you what that looks like, I will turn them all off right now. So this is the room with just the accent lights turned on. And then if I turn on my key light, that brightens things up quite a bit, but I do have a fill light. The fill light is pretty subtle but if I turn off the key light, you can see that it's just adding a little bit of shine on my face here. And then the backlight just does the same but also adds glow on the hair, separates my hair from the background, separates me from the background. And then when they're all combined, that's what creates this really high key setup that I enjoy quite a bit. In addition to having this little glowing with here, this little glow behind me, this little practical light back here, behind the drum set over here I've got lights going. And of course then there's other lights that I can use when I'm filming B-roll shots and things like that. So let's jump in and look at what all these different lights do. Let's start with the key light which is the Nanlite Forza 200 and Nanlite did send this to me. And it is a Forza to be reckoned with. I really like the control panel which can mount directly to the C-Stand and this light is so ridiculously bright when I have it on as my key light, it's only at 25%. The only thing I don't like about this light is that it has a fan which can be noisy. You can turn the fan off if the light is under 15% but if it's over 15%, the fan has to be on. It's not super loud. Here's what it sounds like. (very subtle fan noise) So it never gets picked up in videos or anything, but it's just loud enough to annoy me, especially because I just got that Mac Mini, which is dead silent and then now there's fan noise over here. But this is a really awesome light, I'll do a full review on this light specifically. And since I am short on space over here, I have it in the Light Dome Mini, which is very, very small and compact and then it's just bouncing off of the wall and onto me. So the light itself is going through a diffuser and then bouncing off a wall and hitting me. So it's ultra soft and ultra diffused. My fill light has actually never changed. And this was the first dedicated video light I ever bought. It's a Dracast Silkray Little Round LED. It's a Bi-Color light. I don't think they even make this exact one anymore but they do make flat panel lights. Originally I bought it, expecting it to be a key light but it's just not bright enough for that. So I have it as a fill light, again bouncing off of this roll down paper over here. If I turned it around and had it pointing at me it would just be so bright that I would go crazy. And now let's talk about the backlight or the hair light which you might remember I did a video about the FalconEyes Flexible LED Panel which used to be over here as my key light. Well, it turns out Falcon Eyes saw that video and then they sent me an updated version of that light which is very, very cool. And it is the RX-818 which is almost the same light except that it has this much improved control panel which can also easily mounted to a C-stand or a lighting stand. And it's full RGB so would you RGB-lieve that just with the press of a button I can go through and add in all kinds of different effects or colors, then I can switch the hue very easily. (soft beat music) The reason that I'm using this as my backlight and not my key light is because it's very bright and very soft, especially in that soft box. So that means when it shines on me, it lights me up but it doesn't cause harsh shadows to be cast on the desk which some other lights have done in the past. And because it does have that RGB functionality it also means that I can change the color and use it as an accent light, either for mood lighting like during streams and stuff or as accent lighting on product photography so it's super versatile. And it's mounted into the ceiling using one of these, which is a baby plate. They're super affordable and super strong. Just make sure you actually drill them directly into a stud or that you use anchors to make it very, very strong. And then just for safety I do have this little safety chain right here, so if the light were to fall it wouldn't fall all the way down and land on anybody. It would get caught. It's a pretty good idea. This is a little bit of a janky setup, but it works. So well that covers the key light, the fill light and the backlight. Let's talk about all of these other accent lights. Most of them are Nanlite PavoTube 30C's which are the four foot lights. And these are pretty amazing. I wanted better accent lighting back here. So I saved up for a while cause the PavoTubes are pretty expensive and I bought two of them. So back here behind the drums, there's one on the floor and then another on the floor. And they come with this little wire which you can use to connect them together. And then they actually sync up, so if I turn that one off, now this one is set to its own settings, but if I turn this on, they will match and all of the settings will match. That makes it very easy to get the same effect from multiple lights. But after I saved up and bought these two which was a pretty big investment, Nanlite reached out to me and then offered me four more which is just about the coolest thing ever. So I have another one in this corner as an accent light and a background light. I've got another one behind my guitars over here to bring these to life a little bit although it does interfere with the amp so if I actually wanna play I need to turn that off because it makes weird noises. And then I have another one that's not actually connected to anything and it can be easily used as an accent light in videos and stuff like that. And then another one actually went into Heather's office and studio. And if you're wondering where my original FalconEyes light went, that also became Heather's key light too. So we ended up being able to light both our studios, which was very, very cool. And then aside from this little PavoTube over here which I made a video about. This is basically Aputure corner. This little cabinet has been here forever but when it doesn't have light in it, it's just a big dark empty spot in the background. So here's what I've done with two Aputure MC's, the little PavoTubes come with these metal plates so I just stuck them to some gaff tape on the top. And then because the back of the MC is magnetic. (light click sound) It can just stick right there and light up the cabinet and then I have it connected to USB-C same thing down here on this layer and both of them are always charging, both of them are easy to take out and use for other things. But now they're also here with unlimited power to be in the background of videos. And the same thing is true with this little PavoTube, it's running into USB-C which just goes into this power adapter over here. So I've got all three lights plugged in and I unplug them and plug them in every day when I'm ready to use them. And then this desk lamp along with these two little flood lights that I have went here and went here, they all have Aputure B7c's. Which as you can see looks like a regular light bulb, but they're full RGB and then you can also take them out because they're battery-operated but I have them plugged into the lights, just like normal. I used to use Philips Hue bulbs in these lights, but they flickered. And so I wanted to go with dedicated video lights. The only thing that flickers is my little desk clock here but I'm not replacing it. It's a Nixie tube clock from a company called Millclock. And even though it flicker sometimes, I don't care. Watch if I turn up the frame rate, there we go. Lots of flicker. But I'm not going to nix the Nixies because it's super cool. And those are my main lights but I do have a few little extra lights that I use for other things like this little Dracast On-Camera light. This is a little Bi-Color light that can be battery-operated. It's great for accents But my favorite small accent light is this guy right here which is the Intellytech Pocket Cannon Mini. I love this light. It's all metal. It comes with these barn doors. It's super bright. It's great as a rim light. It's great directional light, great accent light. In fact, I actually have another one over here that's in a soft box that I can use sometimes for other accent lights or fill lights for top-down shots And then Heather and I each have one of these which Nanlite sent to us. It's the LitoLite 8F and it's almost like a smaller version of the Pocket Cannon Mini. It's supposed to be an On-Camera light but it's a very cool little directional super bright accent light. And again, I wanna emphasize the point of this video is not to just tell you, "Hey go out and buy a bunch of expensive lights." I do think however it's absolutely worth investing in dedicated video lights. My first full-on bright dedicated key light was a really inexpensive light that I had found. I made a whole video all about it. You could check that out and it worked great until I accidentally broke the mount on it which was my fault. And that's when I upgraded to an LED light instead of a fluorescent light. And for things like the PavoTubes which I'm fortunate to have six of them which is completely insane, and the review for those is gonna be real fun cause there's a lot of light. Saving up to buy the two of them that I paid full price for, was scary cause it was a big investment. And I thought maybe there were cheaper versions I could use that would be just as good. But honestly I was just driving myself crazy and it was worth it to wait a little longer and buy the thing that I actually wanted versus just trying to get by with the cheapest things I could find in the world. Sometimes inexpensive things work really well and sometimes they don't. Now, as I said, if you've already got a decent camera and a decent lens, the next best money that you can invest into your setup would be your audio and your lighting. So if you wanna know more beyond this setup I have two playlists here one all about audio and one, all about lighting. So I hope they're delightful. I made that joke so many times. And it's funny every time. (soft ambient music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelpoczynek [3 likes]: Love the clock and was amazed at the 13 lights. Very cool.
  2. @TheRockPilePodcast [1 likes]: Hey Tom, I have some mini lights around my monitor and also a few smaller stand ups. Do you recommend any cost affordable lights?
  3. @IconicSeasons [1 likes]: Any updates on what lighting you’d choose today if you were doing  small set up at a school $1000 budget
  4. @MusicJourneyWithPaul [1 likes]: 13 lights! Wow
  5. @audi-o150 [1 likes]: Hey Tom, great video as always. I spent most of my day fiddling with the lighting in my home studio, and it's the first time I've played with lighting. Your attention to detail really shows in your studio. 

As far as the fan in your key light is concerned, you may be able to upgrade it. I used to build computers, and the best case fans were from a company called Noctua.
  6. @theregularguy141 [1 likes]: I just subscribed after watching your FCP vid on pre-sets and i was telling another YT buddy about how bright your light was. I was wondering how you did it. Presto! There's the video. Great content on all I've seen so far and look forward to more!
Cheers!
  7. @ADHTube [1 likes]: Thanks man! Just recently got the Smallrig 120D. It is now my key light. I have a Neewer bi-color light for my backlight and a soft box for my fill. Haven’t gotten into the accents…YET. But I’ll try to keep them under 13 😂
  8. @parva777 [1 likes]: You really have the best lighting ever on YouTube ! So Brillant ;o)
  9. @randolfdelpilar8724 [1 likes]: what paint brand is the blue paint on the wall? What kind of blue is it? Love the blue, can I copy?
  10. @randolfdelpilar8724 [1 likes]: Can you please make a basic setup lighting video for people starting zoom meeting. Zero knowledge with lights. Thank you
  11. @TransplantHelper [1 likes]: You have far and away the best production on YouTube. Better quality than even MKHB
  12. @lilafromyoutube [1 likes]: Love the lighthearted jokes! Great video, I love learning about people’s light setups!
  13. @RossIsWatching: Thanks for this video. I was wondering why you didn’t have this video, but you did… You have the best lighting on YouTube as far as I’m concerned so it’s good to see what you’re doing.
  14. @TheRockPilePodcast: Hey Tom looking for a cost affordable light for my background. I have a lot of lights around my computer need something to light my background up that’s affordable and won’t break the bank. Any thoughts ?
  15. @ZoranvonderHeide: I would like to see a video about your guitars. ;)
  16. @kirillch: Thank you🧡. How do you think is it a good way to get a COB light like yours, but with more silent fan, for a working computer place - I teach students online. Or it is too bright and a daylight temperature is not an ideal for constant daily activity? I actually would like to have a good light with a softbox instead of a LED panels, just not sure is this a good variant. One LED panel I already have so looking for a good key light. Also this is for lightning me, sitting at a computer, and a background, no physical boards and so on.
  17. @NPCLiam: Hey Tom, ACES video as always man! Question for you on the Nanlite PavoTubes - how is the heat on those? I have several Godox TL 120s, and while I love them for quick b-roll lighting, I've found they give off a ton of heat in long term usage. Thanks, man!
  18. @michealpbeast2583: I learnt something new again. So after watching this, I went back and watched some of my old interview/conversations on my IG page. And my lighten is so one way. As in I only had the one light. I didn't know anything about back lighten, accent light, overhead etc.. Live and learn. I'm such a rookie. But now I know. Thanks again
  19. @DigitalZindagi2026: now i’m your fan Tom 😉
  20. @sheheer_cap: How much Watt current you are using for lights 
Please reply

- My Desk Setup for Videos, Podcasts, & Streaming!: Kind: captions Language: en - I've never made a desk setup tour video before but I really like watching these. I watch a lot of them. It's just super interesting to see how people manage their different workspaces and what kind of stuff they use to get their jobs done. But I've gotten quite a few messages from people who were desperate to see my desk set up. So I thought that would be a really fun thing to share right now. I also have done basically no preparation here. So I walked in here this morning, turned on all the lights and now I will share it with you. So it's pretty clean and organized overall but there's definitely spots that are not perfect and that's okay. I wanted to share that with you on purpose so that way you don't feel like you need to have this ultra minimal perfect desk set up with the little IKEA plant and that's the only way you can be effective. There's a lot of really cool ways you can be effective in your workspace. So this is mine. So let's start with the desk itself which is not actually even a desk. This is a Husky brand work bench from Home Depot. This is the six foot version. They make a whole bunch of different ones and it's great because it's just wood and metal. So they're super, super strong. It's also rated to support something like 2000 pounds. So even if your a little husky it'll support you and I like this so much that I have my main desk here and I also have another one over here in an L shape. Heather also has one in her office and we have one in the garage as an actual work bench but I stole an idea from Heather and I took out the crossbars that go across here and up here, so it gives me more room to push the chair in, to have room for my feet, have room for the dogs if they're under here. And it was really great about that is now on all sides of the desk you have room to clamp, different mounts and supports and boom arms and all that cool stuff. My chair is incredibly fancy. It's from a very exclusive store called IKEA and it was $60. I actually bought this for my classroom but then it looks so good on camera that I just kept it at home because the white shows up great on camera. I do get a lot of questions about this desk mat. This I just found on Amazon. I think the brand is GDBT and the way I remember that brand name is cause the BT reminds me of Bluetooth and sometimes you have problems with Bluetooth and you think "GD Bluetooth." So GDBT I'll put links to all this stuff in the video description. Nothing too crazy here, I use the Apple magic keyboard which I really liked because it has the numeric keypad and then the Apple Magic Mouse which I really love for editing and stuff cause it just has all the sides scrolling and it's small and compact and super easy to use. My monitor is an LG curved ultra wide display. I forget exactly which model it is but it's the least expensive curved ultra wide that LG makes and it's 34 inches. I've found 34 inches to be really the perfect size cause it's plenty big to get stuff done but it's also not so big that it's like overwhelming and blocking my view of everything. And of course, probably no surprise that the M1 Mac mini is running into that display and then I've got my trusty Hagibis port over here. This has a one terabyte hard drive inside of it in addition to all these different ports. So it basically acts as a storage for the Mac Mini, which is only 256 and then this adds a terabyte. Talked about this clock a couple of times this is a nixie tube clock, these are actual nixie tubes. This is from a company called Mill Clock. They're in Ukraine and I really love having this thing here. It's super fun to look at all day. Got it cause it's Dion's gate. And then I recently got the ATEM Mini Extreme ISO which is not so mini cause it's got all these ISO many buttons over here. This thing is amazing, I'm still learning a bit about it. So that's going here and I said that one of the benefits of this desk is that it's easy to mount things to. So let's talk about this whole mess over here. First, I've got the Blue Compass Boom Arm mounted to hold the Videomic NTG. You might've seen my boom arm comparison video with the Compass. It's kind of a frustrating boom arm to position where you need it, but for an overhead mic, it works great just because this boom arm naturally wants to raise up higher. So when I'm recording a video, I normally just bring it over and put it right out of frame in front of me. Then I've got a super clamp with a magic arm that's supporting this small LCD monitor over here and this has the multi-view output from the ATEM Mini Extreme. This probably isn't a permanent position for this but multiview is really helpful and being able to have the monitor above my actual display just makes it easy to see all of the different inputs. This monitor itself is from a brand called Elvid and honestly, I wouldn't recommend it. I got it years ago and it's funky and it has a bunch of issues and it never works quite right but it's the one I have. And next to that, on this little small rig clamp, I have the receiver for the Hollyland Mars Pro 400S. So this lets you transmit wireless video. I just clip that there so it can run into the ATEM Mini and then this is the transmitter for that so I can put this on a camera or any other video source that I want to transmit wirelessly. I'm doing a whole video about this. It's really fun, I like it a lot. Now I used to have my desk pushed all the way against the wall in an L shape but this was again Heather's idea to kind of pull it out. So now I have this little cart back here which just has like some equipments, my power supplies and then also most importantly, my synthesizers which I need to use more but by not lining the desks that perfectly it gives me a lot more workspace over here and it also gives me more space of a desk on camera. And then I've got another PSA1 with a PodMic mounted on this corner of the desk. This is basically Heather's mic. That's why it's got the purple cable. So anytime we do streams and podcasts she can just use that one right there. There's a little rail ridge thing that runs under the desk so that's where I ran the mic cable all the way over so it can go into the RØDECaster . And speaking of the RØDECaster, it lives over on this desk which is basically just a huge mess right now. So I've got the RØDECaster here for easy access under this little Monoprice Monitor stand. That's why I've got the Focusrite Scarlett and then I've also got Cloudlifter under there and all the cables just run under there. On this little stand, I've got one of my speakers. These are Edifier speakers. They sound really good, I don't know if they're intended for like media editing, but they're great speakers. I originally got them for my record player and now they just sort of do everything. So you have the other one on this side over here, I've got this little stand, this is where all charged my old MacBook. I sold my 16 inch for my 13 inch 2013 MacBook Pro is still going strong so that usually is there. My main boom arm is mounted over here so that way I can easily just move it in front of me when I'm recording or talking and everything is positioned nicely. I've been using the Shure Super 55 a lot lately and I did a video all about it. It's, it's such a fun mic. I've got this little Ky sampler for sound effects. I've had this for years. It's kind of like the sound pads on the RØDECaster but its own separate thing. It's pretty fun, but there's zero latency so you can be really fast, (sound pad playing) with your samples. Got some of my lights here. My control box here for the Falcon Eyes RX-818 which is my backlight. I've still got my ATEM Mini the base model version and it's in the 3D printed stand that's designed by Aaron Parecki. My plan is to still use this and actually connect it to the Extreme over here and then I can have 11 inputs. Now that's truly extreme. And then I've got this little Intellytech Pocket Cannon Mini over here. I love these lights, I have two of these. Super bright, sometimes I'll use it as an accent light or rim light so it's just sort of here anytime I need it. And both this one and the Dracast light over here are just on onstage tabletop mic stands and then I, actually here I'll show you what I did. It's kind of neat. This is a five eights to quarter 20 adapter so it goes from the regular mic stand to a quarter 20, and then this is a pin that just has a light stand connector and I screwed this into here and then use some Loctite to glue them together so they don't come apart. And now this is mic stand can be a light stand. Under here, just an absolute mess. I have an old shelf thingy that just fits perfectly under this desk and needs to get organized. It's got some 3D printing stuff, my Yamaha mixer, stuff for making videos, pens and pencils. It's, it's sad and not amazing. This might not be totally desk related but it's just kind of an update. I replaced some of my sound panels. So I ordered this big sound pad from a company called Acoustimac where you can get any size you want and any color. This is a four foot by two foot sound panel and then I also got one that I mounted above me over here to kind of help with some of that reverb that was happening in the room. So it's not perfect, but it works for me and it's really fun to make all those little refinements that improve your workflow one little bit at a time, it can make a huge difference. If you wanna know a little bit more about my setup I do have my lighting tour set up video in addition to a studio tour video. So check those out and you can just hang out in here with me all day, basically. (sick beats play)

  Top Comments:
  1. @tombuck [8 likes]: Chapters:
0:00 - Deskperate
0:53 - The Desk
2:18 - Computer Setup
3:26 - ATEM Mini Extreme ISO & Desk Mounts
5:42 - Rodecaster Pro & Side Desk
7:32 - Custom Tabletop Light Stands
8:17 - Sound Treatment
  2. @CMMedia692 [1 likes]: My goodness. I thought I've subscribed to your channel since I always come across your videos. Well. It's official now. 😁
  3. @ThePrincetonalexis [1 likes]: Cool! G glad I found ur channel desk is a great 👍 idea.
  4. @thejonathandoan [1 likes]: 01:42 puppy is ready for close up! So dang cute.
  5. @jaminphx [1 likes]: Tom, How does/did the crossbars you removed attach to the frame? Most interested in the front side to side cross bar removal.
  6. @normankellogg6624 [1 likes]: Would a cloudlifter be necessary with the Rode AI-1 audio Interface?
  7. @retobaumann5604 [1 likes]: Wow, great setup. What product do you use to mount the Rode mic to the arm... around 4:05 in the video.
  8. @Vvash [1 likes]: Silly question, what monitor arm stand are you using? Ergotron?
  9. @JZrez [1 likes]: I have been considering this "desk" for some time now, have you seen any change in the rigidity of the desk by removing the crossbars?
  10. @rustywp [1 likes]: I just bought a Husky adjustable desk after watching this vid. I also have a Rode Podmic, and a nice arm to use :-)
  11. @hihikasu [1 likes]: El Psy Kongroo
Steins Gate IS THE BEST FOREVER!!!
  12. @saarbrook [1 likes]: You’re hilarious. Thanks for sharing
  13. @Ser573: Did you show your camera setup
  14. @HolaMundoDev: Hi Tom, I remember that you mentioned the size of your studio but I can't find that video. Would you mind sharing your studio dimensions again? thank you
  15. @MusicJourneyWithPaul: Why do you need ATEM Extreme? BTW have you tried Logitech MX3? I had been using Mighty/Magic Mouse for years but I switched to MX3 in 2020 and never looked back.
  16. @MusicJourneyWithPaul: Thanks. I am always amazed by the colors and bright lightening in your studio. Amazing. Do you have any video where you show the production process?
  17. @maliuxull: Hi. My friend and I are planning to start recording podcasts together, but we can't agree on whether the quality difference between expensive and affordable microphones is really necessary. I suggest buying at least an MV7 or an SM7B, while my friend prefers microphones in the Podmic price range. Do you think the difference between these two microphones would be noticeable for listeners? Do you think we should go all out and choose established, high-end products, or would more budget-friendly microphones suffice? Thank you for your recommendations.
  18. @MichelleUretsky: I really want to see an updated version of this video!
I got a RodeCaster II Pro and have been trying to figure out how to organize my studio desk and I could use some help!
  19. @indigenouspodcast2257: How do you not have more subs?!! Your videos are so professional and informative!
  20. @ChucklurBuzz: 2:42 and so did your mum

- Home Studio Tour for YouTube, Podcasting, & Streaming!: Kind: captions Language: en The brutal march of time continues on, and we have moved past March, so it is time for a tour-ific idea, which would be a studio tour video! That was a sentence that might not have made a lot of sense. I think it's really fun to do a studio tour video every year, and one thing I've learned after making three of these so far is that I think it's a law of nature that as soon as you make a studio tour video, even if you think everything is perfect and you don't want to change anything, everything will change, or a bunch of things will change right after, because that's kind of what happened last time. A lot of what's changed this year is kind of below the surface, so you know, the basic layout of the studio is kind of the same. Even my cameras are all the same. Last year's studio tour video was filmed the day that I got my Sony a7IV. It showed up in the mail at the end of the studio tour video, but nothing else camera-wise has changed. But so much has changed in terms of organization and even workflow a little bit. And really my goal this past year has been to eliminate every possible point of friction that I could within my workflow, so that things are just so much easier to do and everything is just much easier to use. And one of my favorite things about this space is that prior to having a YouTube channel, this was just my office/music room. And that means that it's not just a set that's a pretty backdrop, but I actually use everything in here and use all of the space here. There used to be a drum set over there. And I really like that. I really like that when you watch a video, you can see a space that somebody interacts with regularly, even when the camera's not rolling. But there is this very fine line between things that look aesthetically pleasing and things that are actually practical and functional. And I think, I think, I found a pretty good balance on that. So let's see, here's everything for my Version 4.0 Studio tour! We'll follow the old classic of lights, camera, action. So starting with lights, my key light has not changed for like three years now. It's still the Nanlite Forza 200. It just works really well, even though I have a lot of other lights that might even work better over here. I really like this one, especially because of the way that this control unit fits specifically in this space, makes it easier to use, and then I've got it in the Aputure Light Dome Mini II. Same thing is always bouncing off the wall. Nothing has changed there. It's on a C stand so that it can become a nice overhead light when I need to use it in this space here, my back light is still the FalconEyes flat panel light. I think it's the RX 818 or something like that, and that is mounted to the ceiling into a stud using a baby plate. And then there's also a metal lock just for safety. Some things that are different though are all of the other lights. So I have this iFootage 60 watttt light up here and a lantern. And this just provides some nice fill light for everything. And it's also really nice if I'm not using the Nanlite, this provides a nice light just for the room itself along with these market lights that I hung up here, which are just sort of for me to enjoy while I'm in here. They don't really show up on video that much. And then I've got another 60 watttt light here set to a warm color temperature. So that way when it's just me in here, I can kind of make it a nice little like cozy environment without all the big studio lights on. And then, oh boy, the tube lights, the tubular tube lights, which I know everybody kind of says it's not cool anymore to have tube lights in your shots, but I don't care. I have an eight foot tube light because it's awesome. And I have it set to do the color spectrum because that's not distracting at all. These are all Pavotube II's tubes. The tubes are the 'Tubes, and they're just, I like this color spectrum hue shift. But of course you can change that to anything. So I have two down here because I think that looks really nice in the background over here. Got one kind of in the corner over there because it shows up in B-roll in a cool way. Of course, the big one that I mentioned, one down here to kind of add in some light. The two in the corner over here to brighten it up, they've been there forever. I even put one right here and one in between the guitars. And then this is the Nanlite Forza 60C, so it's another 60 watt light, 60 watt lights are just super fun. But it has this crazy mount on it that then lets me throw projections on the wall. So I've been putting shapes and stuff in the background. I did a whole video kind of about these lights where I talked about that a little, but that has been really fun. This is an RGB light, so that can be any color, and I do change it sometimes when appropriate. And then I do have one more Pavotube back here. There's the window there, and then this just adds in some light, but it almost makes it look like the window is shining if I have it set to daylight. And then down here adding a little bit of flood and this little light here are both Aputure B7c bulbs. Every light in this room is a video light, is a dedicated video light. And that means that no matter what the frame rate is, no matter what camera I'm using, shutter speed, anything, none of these lights will flicker. I've talked about this so many times. I am a very big believer in always using dedicated video lights for your setup. Even if they're cheap, that doesn't matter. Just use dedicated video lights, not NOT video lights. And if we're talking about lights, camera, action. We've already talked about lights. Let's talk about camera. There has been no action changing here. This is exactly the same as last year. Actually, all my cameras are, this is the Sony a7IV that I'm filming on right now with the Tamron 20 to 40 millimeter lens, because I love this lens. I still have the a7SIII. It's just put away safely over there. And my main camera, which has been the case for a while, is the Sony FX3 in the Tilta cage. Usually for videos, I just run my audio straight into there and it works great. And then I've got the good old trusty Sennheiser, MKH50 as my microphone. And I've gotten questions about how it's mounted. I've talked about it a few times before, but this tripod is a big beefy Manfrotto tripod, and it has a little mounting point right here. So what I did was I took an iFootage quick release, and then an iFootage Support Rod, and that way this is mounted to the tripod. So now once I have the mic positioned where it's not in the camera's frame, I can move the camera and the mic will not get into the shot. Plus it doesn't add anything else on the floor. It's all one camera, audio, video unit. And if you do anything with bigger gear, I definitely recommend investing in at least one big beefy tripod that can support kind of anything like even these big cameras over here, I can fit those on this tripod and it can handle it really well, and I've got this very old and not particularly amazing monitor on a friction arm going into the tripod head as well. As has been the case for a long time, my desks are just two Husky workbenches from Home Depot in an L configuration. They're super strong and super sturdy. The biggest thing that has changed here is the Rodecaster Pro II instead of the original Rodecaster, because this came out since I made my last studio tour. And because it has a VESA mount on the back. I've talked about this in a couple other videos, you can just mount it on any VESA arm. I was using a regular arm, but I recently swapped that out for this really long articulating arm. So that way when I'm filming something from an angle like this, I can have the Rodecaster easily in the frame. And having the Rodecaster on an arm like this makes it very easy to set up a camera to film it if I need to do a tutorial or an explanation about the Rodecaster Pro instead of having to set up a top-down shot. I still don't have a 4K monitor, and honestly, I'm totally fine with that. This is a 34 inch curved LG ultra wide. It's the same, whatever their least expensive curved monitor is It, I think it's above the curve. And then I've got the ATEM Mini Extreme Pro ISO for live streams and monitoring stuff, and I love this. It works wonderfully. The only thing I don't like is I wish it weren't limited to 1080, so I'd love to have a 4K update. I still got the original base model M 1 Mac Mini as my streaming and office computer. And the same, I think the brand was Hagabis, for easy card slot and everything, and I just mounted both of them under the desk with these Mac Mini mounts. So that's my main computer set up for podcasting, streaming, video calls, and all that kind of stuff. And then anything else, any editing and you know, Photoshop and more intense stuff I just use the 14 inch M1 Max MacBook Pro, which has held up great. I got this one when it was released. The only thing I don't like is the way that MacBook Pro keyboards wear down and they look greasy, even though they're not. It's just the matte coating wears off really quickly when you get this. And it's silly because this keyboard, this Logitech MX keyboard is older than the MacBook and doesn't have anywhere near the amount of wear on it. So it always bothers me. This looks like I just ate a bunch of pizza and then went to type on the computer when I didn't, this is totally clean. Anyway, I've had the same desk mat forever. I like it because it brings in a bunch of color. The brand is GDBT on Amazon. I don't know if they make the same pattern anymore, but they have a whole bunch of other patterns. I'm one of the few people who uses and is happy with the Apple Magic Mouse, except that since it's very difficult to pair this with multiple things. The reason I like this keyboard is because I can easily change it from device to device. Can't do that as easily with the mouse. So I ended up using Colorware to do a second one for my MacBook, and I was able to get it in the perfect shade of blue. So this is the MacBook mouse and this is the Mac Mini mouse. Mac Minnie Mouse. I normally just use the Rode NTH 100 headphones whenever I'm doing anything that requires me to be paying attention to audio. But I do have these monitors here. They're really just speakers that I got for my record player over there several years ago, and I use them when I'm just listening to stuff without it needing to be perfect. I know these are positioned in an absolutely terrible location. I don't edit videos with them or anything. They're just reference monitors, and they work great for that. And that brings me to this area over here, which is really just covering up a window. So I just got some background paper in one of the three roller things and put it there to cover up the window. And then I can change background colors. And this area here works really great for thumbnails and product B-roll. I've got these two acrylic shiny black and white surfaces, so sometimes I set these down and then I put a product on top of it with cool lighting and everything reflects in a really fun way. And this is the Rode PSA1+ boom arm, which I really, really like. I did use some vinyl letter removal solution. I talked about this in my review for this. It comes with Rode logos on like 45 different places on this arm. So I use that to remove it so that way it's unbranded except for a nice little subtle logo there. But otherwise the arm is not distracting. And then on it, right now I have the Lewitt LCT240 Pro because it's a really fun microphone and I love it. And this little Audio Technica AT8459 that then lets me position the microphone in the shock mount exactly where I need it to be. I've got these three cameras here and I wish this area were used a little more practically, to be honest with you. But I don't know where else to put these big cameras and I do use them. So I have my old TV camera here. This is a standard definition. MiniDV camera or DV Cam from Sony. I did a whole 30 minute video about this. This is the RED ONE. This is a 4K camera that still works great. So I want to use this for more stuff. And then this is the Canon XL1. This is a MiniDV cam, not HD or anything. I've been meaning to make a video on that for like three years, because this was my dream camera growing up as a kid. Then I've got this little nixie tube clock here, which I think looks really cool, except when I do slow motion, it flashes. So I had to position it where it's not super visible in frame. And the same old Dracast light, which I use as a fill to bounce off of this, probably not the best thing to do because it's bouncing off of blue, which then gives everything a blue tint. But I guess you could say I blue it when it came to my lighting. And then I did a whole video about these microphones, that I mounted most of my microphones on the wall just so they're cool and on display and they look neat and I like them there. And they don't really get dusty. I just clean them and they're fine. Got the SM7B here and then four more over here and then all the rest that don't fit anywhere on the wall are in here. So let's talk about these. I did do a video last year on how I changed my organization for my equipment in here, and that's really been like the biggest change since I made my last studio tour video. But it is a really huge change. Even since I made that video, a lot has changed. So let's talk about all these drawer organizers, or as I like to call them "Drawerganizers™". We live in southern California where there are a ton of earthquakes, and so I used to just keep all my equipment on these shelves over here, and I got really worried that it could fall during an earthquake. So then I got this cabinet here. So this first drawer is a very skinny drawer, so it's a lot of things like filters, I've got the YoloBox and some lights, just small, flat things that I need quick access to. Second drawer is audio, but I have a lot of audio drawers, so this is mostly video mics, so I have a lot of the Rode Videomic NTG's, Videomic Go II, the Deity V Mic, some wireless kits, my audio recorders, cables for all these mics. And of course a little 3D printed thing of adapters. If you want, if you have a 3D printer, I can put a link to this file if you want. A little adapter organizer if you would like to adapt your organization with these Drawergnaizers™. Anyway, this drawer is one of my favorites because it's grip gear, or at least what I'm calling grip gear. So it's all the bits and bobs that don't really fit anywhere else, but you can attach everything together and make really functional stuff. So having all kinds of mounts and connectors and friction arms and mini tripods and microphone holders and monitor mounts, it makes a really big difference. This next drawer is where I keep my drones. I have the original Mavic Mini. Or is it just the Mavic Pro? The original Mavic from like 2017 and then the Mini 3 Pro, I guess it's not called the Mavic anymore, but I finally did upgrade my drone. And that way the shelves can be kind of reserved for stuff I need more frequently. Not necessarily figurines, but like pens, markers, NPF batteries, camera batteries, screwdrivers, tools, more and more adapters, spray can, all that stuff. And then I put a little charging station in here, which has been here forever. So that kind of powers a lot of stuff and charges batteries and everything. But I was so excited when I got this cabinet that then I ended up getting this one and this one, I'm definitely saving the best for last. So this is a little bit more of the mundane stuff. A lot of just everyday things that I need when I'm sitting at my desk, I can reach over and grab notepads and tools. This is awesome. This is an an iFixit, I think it's called a "Pro Toolkit, but you can open it up, you have all of these tools, every possible connector and adapter you could think of. Everything's held in with magnets. It has built-in organization. This is been a total lifesaver so that I can fix it. This drawer is a good place to put my turntable for product photography and then my motorized slider, my iFootage slider, which I really love and use all the time. And thenmy drawer of shame, which is a bunch of cables that look really disorganized, but it's not. It's a lot of power cables and USB cables of various lengths, and for some reason this has just worked out. I need to organize it a little bit better. And then this cart over here serves two purposes: purpose one of course is storage. So this is where I keep my XLR cables because I'm constantly using them. And yeah, those that stay there. This, believe it or not, is an empty drawer. I don't really have any use for it yet. It's free real estate, which I'm excited about. I've got mic peripherals and still some other empty space down here, but if I need like a booster or a windscreen or a shock mount or something, or more adapters, I can put those there. The drawer below that has an oddly large assortment of boom arms and mounts, so there's the Elgato arms and more Rode arms. Anything that I don't keep set up all the time, but that I need for all kinds of different setups and projects, those stay there. And lots of headphones, mixers, sort of like "auxiliary audio gear" I guess you could call it. But my favorite thing about these carts, especially this one, is that it's on wheels. So I can easily, semi easily move it around and it's all metal. So I even just have some lights, magneted it to the side of it. And so what I do a lot is move this around the room and then I can put things on it and set up lights around it, and then it's a cool little product showcase surface. And I've even done some videos over here where I just move it and then I can just sit here and talk about stuff over here. So I've really been trying to set things up in a practical way that makes the most use possible out of the space. This is a 12 foot by 12 foot room, which is 144 square feet. In meters that would be, what, three meters? No, four meters by four meters- 16 square meters. I think. Math. It's enough space to do some cool stuff with, especially if you use it practically. So that's what I've been trying to do really hard, because it's really, really nice just to have a home office, home studio where I don't need to go anywhere to do work or to set stuff up. I'm jealous sometimes when I see people that have these really cool, huge warehouse studios and offices, and aside from never being able to afford anything like that, it's also the idea of like having to drive, I don't know, 15, 30, 45 minutes or more just to get there to start working. It's really nice just to, even if this is a smaller space, it's really nice to just have it here all the time. And this last cabinet is what changed things the most visually because for the first time in like five years, I changed my background a little bit. I had to get rid of, I had a bigger cabinet that kind of looked like this, and it wasn't really doing much besides just sort of showcasing stuff that I never actually used. So I moved that out, moved this in, which has a very practical purpose. So I do have my original Rodecaster here. Oh, shocked me. It's so shockingly good audio. My Rodecaster here. But there are quite a few things about this cabinet that bring me immense joy, like being able to open up this drawer and just see all of these microphones just ready to go is, it's just so nice. That's like the coolest thing ever. We've got these little tiny drawers here. So this one has like, it's a very, very thin drawer. This is the thinnest drawer ever. So it basically just holds memory cards and batteries, and some of these, I think they're cookie called "cookies" for lights. And down here some taller things an Intellytech light and just some smaller stands and supports. I've got some music things. Sampler, synthesizer things. I used to use these a lot, obviously for music because that's what they're for. But I really, really want to figure out a way to use these with the Rodecaster and streaming and stuff. And this isn't a weird serial killer thing. This is a glove for, I use it when I play bass sometimes. So it's specifically a musician's glove, sometimes if you're building up calluses on your fingers and it's nice to have there. So it looks weird to just, "Here's my murder glove!" But it's not. I promise... I think they bought it. And these last two are my two favorite drawers. This is my camera drawer. So we've got the a7SIII. I'm using the a7IV right now. There's a spot for the FX3, Canon EOS R, some point and shoot cameras, 360 camera, GoPros, wireless transmitters, GoPro mounts. And then I made these DIY TrekPak dividers, which came out honestly kind of okay, better than I expected. I have a video on my second channel about how I put them together if you want to try it yourself. Then I put more in my bottom drawer, which is where all of my lenses are, that I'm not currently using at least. So we've got my anamorphic Sirui lenses, the Batis 85, the Sigma 24, the Sony 50 1.8.. A couple of adapters, a Canon 50 1.8, Canon 24 to 105, and the adapter to use the Canon lenses with the Sony cameras. This is like the best little vlogging tripod, the PGYTech MantisPod. I know they have a new one. This is the original one. I love this thing. One of the biggest and best changes I've made is getting my guitars off the floor and onto the wall. I've never done this in the 20 plus years that I've had some of these guitars. They've always just been on a rack on the floor and they take up space and you can't see them. And they're really pretty. So how bought these Hercules stands, these lock when you put the guitar in it, it locks down. These are all mounted into studs and anchored into studs in the wall. And now the guitars take up no space on the ground. They're safely hung up here and they look great. I don't know about the Nanlite there, but the guitars look great on the wall. They look great in the background. Got the bass hung up, got my Squier over there, and I've even got two more over here, and I do not need any more guitars. And since the guitars didn't need a rack anymore, I took one of my old guitar racks and made it the tripod rack in the closet. So it keeps things very easy to access and organized and stuff off the ground. As far as other fun things go, I've got this AutoPole here sometimes called a VariPole, depending on which brand you get. This has been here for a while, but it's a great way to easily mount stuff without taking a lot of space. So this is where I've got these lights mounted to. I've got this big clock mounted to it. I've got my monitor that I use when I'm recording videos mounted to it. And anything else. Sometimes I'll attach a GoPro or whatever, and then I've got these two things here. These are the iFootage, Cobra monopods, and these are awesome because they have really great tripod heads that they came with, but they have really nifty bases that let them act as monopods and kind of tripods, and they're super sturdy. I really love all of the support stuff that iFootage makes. I support their support stuff. Like this little iFootage articulating arm, right? Look at these gears, these teeth, they're locked in. This thing will never go anywhere once you tighten it down. Same thing with my support rod that I use for a boom. This will never move once it's locked down. I love their stuff. It's awesome. And at the time I'm recording this video, my channel recently just passed the 14 million view mark, which is crazy to me that you can just make stuff and then it can be seen 14 million times, which is a number that I can't wrap my brain around. I'm hugely appreciative of that, and it's really cool to be able to share my world and this space- my space. I'm Tom and this is MySpace. To share all that with with you and with everyone who comes in here and hangs out with me through these videos. And so hopefully by seeing what I do, you can kind of cherry pick things that work for you or even find things that you do not like, and then you know that you DON'T want to do those things or use those things in your specific setup, because that's also a really important thing to know. So I really appreciate all the support and I hope that you know that it's so far beyond anything that I could have ever imagined. And speaking of things that I appreciate more than I could imagined, thank you to everyone who helps support my channel through Patreon and YouTube Channel Memberships. And if you want to dive a little bit deeper into some of the nooks and crannies of this studio setup, check out these videos right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tombuck [48 likes]: Fun side note- I messed up the audio on most of this video and accidentally recorded with the camera's built in mic, which sounded awful (especially since I was behind the camera most of the time). I used Adobe's "Speech Enhance" thing for the first time and it really saved the day! If anything, the audio sounds too good now 😬
  2. @SpotsYAA [2 likes]: You are living every creator dream, thank you for sharing your studio insights Tom. Gracias
  3. @wordsforchange2023 [1 likes]: Tom, I recently moved into a new space I will use as a recording and study space. I desire to have a two desk set-up. One desk for video productivity the other for shooting videos. The problem I’m having is that the 1st desk  has all my wired connections including recording workspace- I don’t have cables long enough to extend from my 1st desk to my 2nd desk Elgato Prompter, Foot pedal, and Camera without everything looking and feel messy and complicated. Have you dealt with this issues??
  4. @themaddrummerofficial [1 likes]: "Because that's not distracting at all." 🤣Love your sense of humor!!!
  5. @BrianMackey2010 [1 likes]: Only a few know, that even in a modifier, bouncing the light makes it Soooo much better :)
  6. @353Studios [1 likes]: How to you keep all those equipment dust free ???????????
  7. @djmaxx40 [1 likes]: Holy lights Batman. That’s a set up. I’ve shot movies with less…. I’m just jealous. Lol. But love your videos. You’ve been super helpful. Keep up the great work!!
  8. @screensanctum [1 likes]: I love videos like this. It’s cool to see others set ups and it also gives me ideas of placement.  Have you ever done a video on how you edit your audio? Eq compression limiter etc?
  9. @LoCoCreative [1 likes]: What kind of camera you use man it's amazing
  10. @ElBeeEss [1 likes]: Such a vibrant channel you have, Tom! Your portmanteau words really tickle me; I love smooshing words together too. I'm also a self-confessed over-user of alliteration -  a habit I just don't seem to be able to curb. Keep on keeping on; you're a delightful sparkle in a dark sky.
  11. @YourDigitalMakeover [1 likes]: Awesome setup.  Of course now I realize that my setup is kind of bland.  How did you come up with that vision of your setup?
  12. @chris [1 likes]: Hey Tom... this was awesome to see; thanks for sharing. You mentioned you've got a 12x12 space. I've got a 10x17 home office with 9' tall ceilings and I'm trying to acoustically treat it. I noticed you just have 2 panels (1 on ceiling, 1 on door in front of you). I've put up 4 panels and it sounds like I need to do more because my MKH416 sounds like crap in here (still so much reverb). I ordered a NT1 in hopes that it's a better mic for this space (primarily for VO). Wondering if you had any tips or if there's more you've done to your space that I didn't catch in your video. Thanks!
  13. @Leopold-i7y: Fantastic video❤
  14. @victoronline5840: How do you clean a room with so much stuff in there? Isn't it a nightmare or have you found a flow that actually works?
  15. @Schwingi: Shoutout for the Aperture Laboratories for the sticker.
  16. @phelpsomatic: Tom, where can I find the video you mentioned that covers the Nanlite 60C with the cool projections on the guitars?
  17. @PinkCollar: Nice
  18. @edmana2464: Tom, thanks for the informative video! I have a question. Did you get your concert posters professionally framed or did you do it yourself? If you did yourself, where did you purchase the frames? I am trying to source frames with mattes for mine and I can't find them the right size. Thanks!
  19. @Jackbigben: Hey man, can I just… have your room? Yknow😂 just…. Take it?
  20. @deviantrat6001: Tom, incredible video. Is this your home or are you renting?

- If I started YouTube in 2026, this is what I’d do differently: Kind: captions Language: en So, I've been doing YouTube now for a little over 9 years. According to the YouTube stats, I started my channel in 2017. And I had no idea what I was doing. In fact, I wish I could tell you some grand story about why I started my channel. I actually, ironically, started my channel in January of 2017. Two months later, at the ripe old age of 57, my job in television was eliminated. I was a creative director at a TV station. TV had been in my background for a long, long time. And now I look back and I know it was a God thing, but then I didn't know that. And so I just I was already doing YouTube, but I didn't really know what I was doing. And so now, you know, jump forward and 100,000 subscribers plus more, I've learned a lot, but I thought I would share what I would do differently knowing what I know now. I And these videos are always tough because it assumes that I would be that smart back then. You know, what's Forrest Gump say? You know, I'm not a smart man. Um I joke with my wife all the time. Thankfully, she doesn't agree with that, but you know, that's okay. Um By the way, my my name's Kevin Colby and I'm so glad you are here. Hopefully, these help you. Now, I don't want you to hear these like they're absolute positively oh, okay, well then I'm going to do that. But I do think there are nuggets of wisdom in here. Dare I say that? Uh that might help you. Things that either I could have done differently or wouldn't have done or whatever that in hindsight I look back at. And one is I would have focused focused a lot less on the right gear. Now, this is really hard for me to do because I come from a TV background. And goodness, our gear was insane. I remember our first HD camera. And it was huge. I think we bought two. We had to go to the chief engineer who kept it all hidden away and locked away and you had to explain why you wanted it and all this rigmarole and things like that. And the cameras were probably a hundred thousand each. I don't remember. But, you know, then then jump into the YouTube world and and you know, then you think, well, I've got to have the right gear because you don't have to look long until you see on YouTube just scrolling by when something new has been released. And as long as I've been doing this, it is still an easy trap to fall into. I think I've got everything. I don't need anything else. Oh, look at that. There's a mic. Oh, there's a light and things like that. Now, I I've done videos and stand by that gear doesn't really matter. Yes, you need gear to create. You need something. I mean, even if you've got a laptop, I just start to say just a laptop. There's nothing wrong with a laptop. And use the FaceTime camera, I'm a Mac guy. I think that's what it's called. That's fine. But you need something to create something. But as far as the right gear and having so much gear, in fact, I'm I'm close to I think I'm going to call myself a a gear minimalist because I'm I I'm just going to start getting rid of gear. I I've got way too much. Quite honestly, knowing what I know now, I would start with my phone. And that's it. Now, I love gear. I like trying different things. I would just start with my phone and then if I felt like I needed one other thing, I'd either get like a second phone or I would get like a little action camera or something and I'd probably get an older one. And I I would at least get a mic. Now, thankfully, the mics have gotten better and less expensive. But you don't need a lot of gear. I would have just focused on that. Second thing is, I would stop relying on growth tools. Now, this is not to throw any shade on VidIQ or TubeBuddy. Full disclosure, I have a I was gifted a TubeBuddy legacy account years ago by a friend of mine that worked for TubeBuddy. And I used it on and off cuz I felt like, well, I probably should use that. I have used VidIQ in the past. I've had a paid account. Um you can actually use both for free. And they even approached me. Uh I've never really shared about this, but they approached me I don't know, uh a while back about working with them. But, I I didn't do the deal because I wasn't using VidIQ, and I'm just I I I'm not going to do a sponsorship on something that I'm not really using if I'm not using or haven't used it. But, I relied on them way way too much. And probably TubeBuddy more because again, I had the free account. And the the problem with them that I have is they they have some useful tools, but they're only so useful. And when you start relying on that so much, I'll give you an example cuz like I I had both going, and there was a point where I was doing quite a bit of Final Cut Pro videos. It's what I still edit on. And what I found out is TubeBuddy, if I typed in Final Cut Pro to see how it might work, they would say, yeah, I I basically I I wouldn't do those videos. I don't think they'll do very well on your channel. Your viewers aren't interested. Really? I got some Final Cut Pro videos over here that are doing very well. So, you would get those what I call false positives. And nowadays, there's so much that YouTube gives you in your analytics. That that will kind of guide you. Uh another thing I would have would have I would do differently is I would lean more into community earlier. I up until I kind of started focusing on over 40, I felt like there that was it took me a while, but I realized that's what was missing for me. And in fact, a friend of mine said, "You know, you've got views, but you don't have a community." And that's when it clicked. It's like, "Yeah, you're right." Um views are great. Subscribers are fine. Um and I'm proud of my silver plaque, and I'm proud of the views, and I'm proud when you watch this video. But I'm telling you, what I love are the comments. What I love are are people that just email me and just thanks. Um when somebody books me for a coaching call, that they trust me enough to give me money to hopefully that I can help them. But I'm not talking about turning on the community and things like that. I'm just talking about leaning more into the community to talk to people that hopefully are a lot like me. Sorry if you are. That that I want to be a part of. Another one is pick a mentor, maybe two, and no more. So look, it's you don't have to search very far to see all the the YouTube gurus out there. And there are some that are really really good, and there are some that are just not. And you know, some of the ones that I I you got to talk to and actually some of my formed some friendships with over time have meant the most to me. But in still in this search of well, it's got to be more, it's got to be more, it's got to be more, you know, I I would then go to this mentor and I'd go to this mentor and I'd go to this mentor and I'd go to this mentor. Look, I mean, I'm I'm not against coaching. I offer one-on-one coaching. If you would want to book a session with me, please do. But, there's a point where coaches can only do so much and it's it's really up to you. And I think in chasing just constant coaching and and mentors and things like that, I remember talking to a friend, it's just it gets overwhelming. Because this person's saying do this, this person's saying do this, they completely contradict each other, and then you start getting into that paralysis by analysis and I don't know what to do. And And again, there are good ones out How do you know what to who to pick? Vet them. Look at them. I am far more going to pick like a friend of mine, Sean Cannell, because I've known Sean for years. I went through VA VRA Academy. I've got the courses. I've watched the man, the brother, and he's got the background to back up what he teaches. Maybe Sean doesn't work for you, and that's okay. But, you know, I I I joke with I'm not going to listen to a 21-year-old life coach. No shade on young'uns. But, I I would rather pick a mentor who has some credentials to help me. And it could be with anything. I'm talking more about YouTube. I would also stop watching so many how to grow videos. This kind of goes in conjunction with the last point. Oh my word. It It became overwhelming and I would watch one more and watch one more. Now, I still, to this day, love watching interviews with people and hearing their story. Just love it. In fact, I just watched a video where Travis with vidIQ podcast interviewed Roger Wakefield. And Roger's a friend. If you've never checked out Roger's channel, please do. Just type in plumbing as they talk about, you'll find him. I met Roger years ago video marketing world conference. We actually sat at a table together. And I thought, "Who is this dude? He's even got a photographer or two with him." And then we got to talk, he did a session, and we've become Facebook friends, and Roger's just a great guy. And it was a really good video because again, he's sharing more about his journey and things like that. So, I learned a lot. But there's a point where if all you're doing is watching, watching, watching, watching, watching because you think there's this magic bullet, there's this magic button on on the YouTube uh your your YouTube studio that somebody else has figured out if they click it, they're going to blow up. And maybe you won't. I'm telling you, that is a trap to fall into. I'm not saying the videos aren't good to watch, but there's a point where you just need to start. Um I I wouldn't focus solely on search. Now, let me let me explain that. Search has a place. Um if you haven't heard this, YouTube is the second largest search engine in the world. Number two to Google. Ironically, the majority of views mostly won't come from search. And I was chasing search like crazy, which also I'd go back to the tools, and I've got to get, you know, all the right, you know, keywords in there. And keywords can still play a part. But things have really changed in the in the search world, too. Intent is in But that's all I was doing, you know, looking for just the right search phrases and and the there's to me there's a downside in that is that if all I'm doing is solving this problem and somebody comes for that and they leave, then we've probably never made a connection. I don't know how many times I've looked up something about our refrigerator or toilet or something and see a really good video on it, but that's it answers my my question. There's nothing wrong with search. What I have found in my experience when I stopped trying to focus on ranking in search and focus on creating things that I thought people, maybe you were looking for that I was interested in that had to do with being over 40 and things like that what I noticed is videos of mine were in browse more, which is your homepage on YouTube, and suggested more. Those started driving traffic and and views for my channel. search kind of was in there, too. As opposed to if you're only when I was only targeting search, I wasn't showing up in the other stuff as much. Now again, search has a place, but I was just focused on it too too much. Another thing is stop trying to be everywhere. I bought into the you got to be everywhere, you got to be everywhere and there was a point where I had a Facebook profile and page and Twitter account and Pinterest and Instagram and LinkedIn. Um I I know I'm missing something. I tried I I did a Snapchat once and I tried um Tik Tok, which I hate. Um and I'm and I'm sure I'm missing something. And I tried doing all that because I I honestly felt like I had to be everywhere. I had to do everything everywhere, be where everybody is. Did I mention Instagram? I was there as well. And then I would try and do everything on there. So, you know, I would do the the if on Instagram, I would do the pictures, then I would do the videos, and then I would do the reels, and and it just got to be maddening. And what I realized is what I realize now is what I would do differently is I wouldn't focus on any of that. None of that. I would stick with YouTube. And in fact, that's what I started doing. I did a whole video about this, how I took a 6-month break from social media. 6 months. And when I came back after the 6-month hiatus, fast, whatever you want to call it, I deleted my LinkedIn account. I deleted my Instagram account. I deleted my Facebook page account. And since then, I've rarely I rarely go on Twitter, X, whatever it is, and Facebook. I just don't. But the more I leaned into YouTube, the more it helped. So, that's one of the things I would do. You know, and and another thing is I I would probably treat it more like a business sooner. Now, this is my business. This is what I do, but you know, once my job went away, I didn't know this is what I would be doing. And you know, the irony is you know, I I talked a lot about trust. You know, I'm a Christian, so I would talk about trusting God, but I would I would do that to other folks, and I and I really wasn't doing that. And so, I was kind of put to that test. I applied at other television stations. Those fell through. I applied at nonprofits. Those fell through. What ended up happening though is I had people hitting me up saying, "Hey, can you help me with video?" So, I started working with nonprofits differently, like creating videos with them and for them. And then as I started doing that, I started looking at YouTube more and more. I was still kind of making YouTube a dumping ground. I was just putting everything up there. Not realizing that just because I put it up there and asked you to subscribe, that didn't matter because what does it have to do with me? But I didn't I wasn't really focused that Oh, wait a minute. YouTube could be um my business, meaning that and I realize YouTube can go away, but meaning that I could use that to grow coaching or email list or things like that. I would do that so differently because that is my focus. And another one, too, is I wouldn't try and do everything. Meaning, you know, I got into shorts because I was supposed to. That's what we were told to do. And I got into live streaming and I got into long form and I got into this and I got into that. And what I realized over time is I still love live streaming, wrote a book on it, but I don't really have the time for it. I hate shorts. I do not enjoy vertical videos at all. You know, I I'm going to be honest, it could be a way to bring in sponsors to the channel, so at some point I may have to step back and go, "You know what? If that is a way to work with a sponsor that's looking for a vertical video that helps feed my family, that can also align with what I want to create and what I want to present to you, I may be okay with that. But that's a lot of boxes to check. And so I would say experimentation is good and I would have experimented keep experimenting, but I wouldn't have felt the need just to do everything. So, those are things I would I would do differently. I mean, there's there's a lot more. Um I I I think, you know, trying to just be myself more up front. I know that I Well, yeah, I'll throw this one out there. I I would not overproduce and worry about production near as much as I did. And part of that is letting go of my background because again, coming from television, where we mainly worked in 30 seconds. So, you'd think, "Well, Kevin, vertical short videos should be fine." 30 seconds. And everything had I mean, every frame, sometimes we would we would have meetings that would last weeks over just a 30-second promo for the station. And it was And And sometimes we get you know, you could suck the life out of a concept because there's so many meetings and you know, you're constantly checking it. But, you know, the the the thinking is is that everything's just got to be perfect and overproduced. And I love editing. I love graphics, but one of the hardest things for me to let go was overproducing and overthinking. One of the best things that's happened to me is letting go of overproducing and try not to overthink. I'm still working on that one. You can hold me accountable for that. But, these are things that I would do so differently if I were starting YouTube today. I think there are dozens of ways. There's probably more than that. There's There's so many ways you can do YouTube. There's only really three, I think, absolutes on YouTube. So, completely just three absolutes. So, these are bonus, right? Your video has to have a title. I mean, it has to be called something. If you don't believe me, next time you upload a video or even if you show your first video, don't put anything into the title box and it'll it'll give you kind of a like a little warning saying, "You have to have a title." You have to have a thumbnail, even if it's the thumbnail that's auto-generated by YouTube. It's going to have to have that. And for anybody to see the video publicly, it has to be marked public. You can upload 100 videos and keep them private, nobody's going to see them. You can upload 100 videos and make them unlisted, nobody's going to see them. Those are really the three absolutes. Now, there's other things that matter, you know, like what your topic is and you know, how you feel about it and other things. But, beyond that, your upload schedule, how often you upload, tags, and a lot of the other things that really just don't matter, get to become noise. So, I have thoroughly and still thoroughly enjoy my time on YouTube. I enjoy creating videos that hopefully help you somehow get something out of. And I just I just wanted to share that because I think it's so easy in your journey to not think about, well, where could this go? YouTube, if done right, my belief, it's a long game. It's a journey. You may have a video pop off on your first video. Most things take time. Most of my videos that have grown to a lot of views take time. It's just the way it is. So, if you haven't started YouTube, give it a shot. If you've started and you feel stuck, you need some help, you know, reach out and maybe we can work together. But, I hope this helps you and by all means, keep creating. Talk later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MelanieDyann [19 likes]: Thanks Kev! Watched every second of this. As someone who has been here for most of your journey and seen all of these seasons you described, just gotta say how proud I am of you. Also, I love learning from you and this was a very inspiring video for me. Keep on keeping on! Congrats again on all of your success. More to come!
  2. @shoresportsmedia [1 likes]: Great sharing of a remarkable nine year journey you and I have discussed over many coffees. Agree that coaches can only carry someone so far. What I enjoy about coaching is being the person to brainstorm and offer a “breakthrough” creatively for executives and content creators.
  3. @tedereTSSK [1 likes]: You're a blessing, my brother. I love that you're not ashamed in your videos to say where you stand.
  4. @FranksReflections [1 likes]: 🎉Stevie🎉79 here just getting started. Kevin’s the best 😘
  5. @Kennedy_tattooist: Subscribed, you’re a very likeable character even after only watching one video, thanks for the advice!
  6. @ricopedrini: Solid advice. Only thing I would add is be genuine, as you seem to be. Personally I find that really important (even if it may not be true but I'd like to think it is.:) )  Thanks
  7. @skyroads-2sp: Just started at 43.. wish me luck🎉
  8. @nannyandpasadventures: You should write a book on youtube
  9. @doubleuppppp: What God do you believe in? I hope God can help me on my path
  10. @ck1pr2000: Thanks for the video man!
  11. @HormoneHysteria: Thanks, Kevin! I just stumbled across your channel the other day. I have a whopping six subscribers, but I'm okay with that. I really like your insights in this video about just keeping it simple. I agree that it's easy to get swept away in the "How to Grow" madness. 100% agree that it's a looonnnngggg game. ⏰⏰⏰
  12. @Over55Health: I am getting my channel started.
  13. @MyLifeMaribel: Thank you Kevin. I started my channel and I have to get consistent but I tell you I don’t understand editing and not good at graphic if I could afford it I would hire someone to give some hands on training or do it. Thanks
  14. @littleiggybigworld: Can you tell me do you believe shorts kill the long form videos?
  15. @hartmutseidel4734: Hello, warm greetings from Germany! I'm happy to be part of your channel. Your video is well-made and clearly explained. Your natural style is very appealing. Since I don't speak English, I'm glad YouTube offers translation. I've been building a YouTube channel for four weeks now. A main channel, "Project 100 Years," is currently under construction. If I need any help, I'll contact you, and you'll receive a generous donation. Keep up the great work; I love your channel! Best regards, Hartmut Seidel, 72 years old ❤️
  16. @HypnosisCarole: ❤ thank you 🎉newbie here ❤ love your video’s 🎉
  17. @GoMTks: Weird how things work, or maybe it's not weird at all. I've been thinking about starting a channel for a long time and your videos stated popping up. So I created a new channel.. haven't posted anything yet. Dear God, I never realized how awkward I would feel talking to a camera. I'm 45, btw.
  18. @PaolaTourGuide: Grazie! Can not commit to my channel as much as I should. But maybe this year is the one also , because tourism is very slow in the southwest
  19. @danielshaffer3454: Thanks so much for the encouragement. I’m still trying to figure out why I want to and why enjoy making videos. 
I definitely got stuck in the analysis paralysis cycle and just was taking it too serious.
  20. @jarednel: Thank you! Great encouragement, Kevin! 🙏👏

As a fellow Christian, I've been intending to get my faith-based channel up and running since COVID! Yes. You read that right... it's been almost 6 years!!!! 😲😓

I hope to finally get going this year. But then I said that last year... and the year before that... 😂😏

- YouTube Studio Setup at Home - New, Improved, and Cheaper Too!: Kind: captions Language: en Not too long ago, I created this kind of cool creative one stand video system for my small office studio. And I liked it, but there was a problem. When I was rolling it around, I put the stand on wheels. When I was rolling it around, the light was hitting the ceiling fan. So, what I decided to do was kind of redo the video stand, which I primarily use for my YouTube videos. And by doing so, I made it a little smaller and cheaper. Here's the new and improved stand. Now, I'll I'll show you what is new. First of all, the light. The light is from Fozitan. I think that's the name of it. Um it is uh LED light panel. It is way, way thin, extremely light. And one of the reasons I got this over the other one, if you notice, is just under my ceiling fan. Which my office gets very hot. I have to keep this on. So, one of the things I wanted was something that would clear it. And I found this, and it's really cool. It also comes with this remote. And so, what I can do is just with one click of the remote I always hit the wrong button. I can turn it on. I can turn it off. You can also change the temperature and the color. I really like that. Um again, it's very inexpensive. It's probably more than half the cost of the other one. The other thing I changed is this arm. This is an impact arm. It's a 6-in impact arm. And when I first got it, I I was afraid it wasn't going to be long enough, but it's actually perfect. And so, I keep my camera on there. I'm still shooting with the Canon M6 Mark II. I usually shoot my YouTube videos in 4K and then edit in 1080p. I'm also using the uh Tokina uh 11 to 20 mm lens. Love this lens. Uh it gives a little wide eye, but it's not fish eye. It's just crazy. And I also have this monitor on and the reason I have this monitor, which unfortunately you can't get anymore, is because if you notice, I keep my And oh, and I've also switched to the Rode VideoMic NTG for this because it's got gain control and everything on the back. This is a phenomenal mic. Plus, it you can use it as a USB mic on your desk. And since I have it on a little friction arm, it blocks the monitor back there, which is it's just a stupid design, but anyway, they did it. They didn't ask. But the light is brand new. This arm, holy cow. This arm is like 15 bucks or something like that. Fits right on. Comes with a bracket. Now, I still have on here a quick release plate and a little ball head and I added those just so I can angle the camera if I need to. Oh, I'm squishing it. But I To me, I think those are easy parts to add, very inexpensive. It's like 20 or 14 bucks or something. I don't know. I I can't remember. All of links will be in the bottom. I'm still using the the tray from Gator Works. Right now, it's just holding the remote. And then I'm still using the Impact light stand. And the reason I like this is for this reason right here. Comes with wheels. These wheels are very heavy. It's a heavy duty light stand. It's easy to roll. And you've got the points where you can tighten it up. It's just a really, really cool setup. And this now, this whole setup is a lot cheaper. And look, if I kind of walk around my office, you can see how I can move it anywhere I want to over in here. And it's just it's a really cool setup. This video is sponsored by StreamYard. Now, StreamYard is what I use to live stream all the time because it is the easiest live streaming platform on the worldwide web. You can stream to Facebook. You can stream to LinkedIn Live. You can stream to YouTube. You can do all that at the same time. You can even record videos. So, if you want a simple, easy way to live stream, check out StreamYard. There's a link down in the description. You can try it for free. I think you're going to love it. So, that's what I use around my office studio space and unless I'm shooting at my desk, which I can also do that in live stream. But, I really like to be able to to be mobile and be able to move this around and quickly change up the angles. So, I hope this helped you. If you have any questions, drop them in the comments. If you like this, consider giving it a like and a subscribe, too. And I will see you in the next video. I'm Kevin. Make sure you share your gifts. Make an impact in the world. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Hello Kevin,
Fantastic video. Thanks for sharing your room set. Have a great day.👍📝📸
  2. @SonnyGreenwichJr [1 likes]: Haha, Kevin! Your room is enormous compared to mine, I don't think the stand alone would fit! Great stuff as always🔥🧨💪🏽🤠👍🏽🧨🔥
  3. @TheESLDoctor [1 likes]: Love the setup. Thinking about doing a one stand setup. I hate putting up and breaking down my filming set up all the time!
  4. @officialmichaelhudson [1 likes]: Interesting stuff man!!! Ceiling fans are so underrated lol
  5. @PhilippinesDarrellCheeks [1 likes]: Love the studio!
  6. @ButchFagan [1 likes]: Enjoy your content Kevin.  Glad to find someone more of my generation on the platform!  About to check out more of your vids!
  7. @ColePerrine [1 likes]: Thanks Kevin! Been having an issue in my new apartment where my camera has to be pretty far away from me (kit lens isn’t very wide) and the Røde video mic pro on top isn’t getting the best audio that it could. Just picked up that little arm on top.
  8. @BusinessNotes [1 likes]: Are you awesome or what?
  9. @drsadie [1 likes]: Kevin, how can you make a diy version of what you have.
  10. @KevinKolbe: 👉 Here's a look at the first version of my one-stand: https://youtu.be/fir07ZOXC4k

- YouTube Home Studio Set Up for Small Budget and Beginners (shopping list): Kind: captions Language: en today I'm going to show you a very simple home YouTube Studio setup where you can record tons of YouTube videos that look fantastic using just a very small area of space today's video is designed for the beginner or someone who just doesn't want to spend a lot of money making great YouTube videos let's get started I'm Owen video now the room I'm going to show you today is just an extra room in our house where my wife records her YouTube videos it's not a very big room let me show you how I use the space so when you walk into the room you immediately see my hyperbaric chamber which is for health stuff that I do you can see that the YouTube room is set up over here we have an extra desk uh set up over there with some a salsa Bowl take a look at the mess down here like I'm trying to show you guys that this is like an average room like we all have these extra rooms in our house over here is the closet which is still sort of a mess you know and and yet we have this great looking YouTube set that has a couple different things involved let's go take a look at that now this is the simple YouTube recording setup that we're going to teach you how to build today the first thing I want you to notice is the vinyl backdrop behind me now before we put this up it was just a plain gray wall which I'm sure you already have in your house you can easily make your background look more exciting by getting a vinyl background from Amazon now I've put links to all this stuff in the description below this is a simple home office background that comes in a variety of sizes but you can also get a variety of different backgrounds that have different angles and different views and different contexts here's a look at the different backgrounds my clients have used to create their YouTube home Studios now we attach this vinyl background into the wall using very simple push pins this way it's not attached permanently and does no damage to the wall plus I could easily remove it or replace it if I needed to so now that you've got your background set up it's time to get a camera the most simple but high quality camera that you could buy is a camcorder a camcorder is not a DSLR with a DSLR you're going to pay a lot more money and you're going to run into some problems DSLR cameras overheat DSLR cameras require that you use memory cards and let's face it if you're not a camera expert than a DSLR camera is going to be a lot to handle that's why we recommend using camcorders a camcorder easily plugs into any household socket for unlimited power a camcorder is designed for hours and hours of recording the one that I'm using right now has never overheated in the four years that we've had it plus camcorders are never out of focus and that's the biggest piece to a camcorder once you set it up it'll never be out of focus again now the camcorder that we're using here is a higher end model and I highly recommend it however if you're looking for a camcorder on a budget I would highly recommend this camcorder which I recently bought for one of my team members we're extremely happy with the quality and how easy it is to use Plus at only two hundred dollars it's a fantastic bargain now that you've got your camera you'll attach it to a tripod I don't really care which tripod that you get but we like the brand velbond because they're a little bit higher quality what's important to recognize about the tripod is your camera is not on the table top and it's not attached to your computer this is really important the camera is set up in front of your table so that you get a better picture when you use a webcam that's right up on your laptop you tend to get that up the nose angle which isn't as sexy as you might think plus by putting the camcorder in front of the table you can actually have your laptop on the screen with you which makes it look more contextual for your viewer now the camcorder needs to be plugged into your computer and there's only one way to do that with a cam link 4K adapter with a cam link 4K adapter you can turn any camera into a webcam but you will need an HDMI micro to HDMI extension cord now it's very important that you heard me correctly you need an HDMI micro not a mini that will plug into your camcorder the other end will plug into your camlink 4K and the cam link 4K will plug into your computer and voila your camcorder will become your webcam that you can control right from your computer the next thing you need is a high quality microphone that plugs right into your computer now there's two different types of microphones there are USB microphones that plug directly into your computer and there are XLR microphones which have the three prongs that look like this this will not plug into your computer without an additional sound mixer which brings up your costs and may not be the best decision for you right now that's why I recommend then the Audio Technica ATR 2100 microphone it's both a USB microphone and an XLR microphone and comes with all the different cords you would need to connect it I have this microphone on a tabletop stand because it's easy for me to move around the table you might see a lot of live streamers with those microphone arms that are coming off the side like Doc Ock and I'll tell you those things can be cool but it's just like way too much stuff in the screen I like to have a simple clean mic stand that I can move around and use it as I need to use it now I'm using the USB adapter which is plugged directly into my computer which syncs up my webcam with my microphone and will work on any laptop computer PC or a Mac with both of these devices plugged in and your background wall set up it's now time to talk about your lighting because with too much light you could blow out the viewer and it doesn't look professional at all if you don't have enough light it might look shadowy and ominous and that's not effective either so I'm going to recommend the 18 inch newer ring light this 18 inch ring light is highly durable it's thin line profile is easy to move around it's lightweight and practically indestructible it's also super affordable and it has a dial that allows you to switch up the lighting or switch it down now I've purchased other ring lights and I don't recommend getting anything smaller than an 18 inch and I definitely don't recommend these lights tripods and mobile phone adapters all in one you need a light to do the job of a light you have a tripod do the job of a tripod if this video were about mobile live streaming on the go I might have a different opinion but you want your YouTube Studio setup to be designed for the best quality possible for your YouTube videos don't get the big old boxy lights don't get lights with light bulbs on them and you don't necessarily need to spend a lot of money at around 100 bucks I've bought three or four of these newer lights in my lifetime and every single one of them still works to this day so you have your camera set up now you have your microphone set up you've got your notes on your laptop right here and you've got a great looking background with the light that makes everything look perfect it's time to Now record your YouTube videos and to do this you're going to need a third-party software I recommend restream and the reason I like restream is because you'll be able to record your YouTube videos directly onto their Cloud Server where you can send them to your editor or download them yourself and edit on your computer but using restream you can also live stream to Facebook YouTube and anywhere else that allows desktop live streaming in fact with restream you can broadcast at the same time to up to 200 different social media platforms so you could live stream on your Facebook profile in three Facebook groups and on YouTube all at the same time it's really a very powerful product and it's super easy to use with restream you'll simply open the broadcast studio you'll select your camera you'll select your microphone and with the button at the top you can easily start recording your YouTube videos restream also allows for some other very powerful features like adding a guest if you wanted to collaborate or host interviews you can also use countdowns you can add lower thirds you can share your screen and even change the camera angle that the viewer sees and one of the things that I love about restream is that you can use the agenda feature to put in your video notes so it's very easy to look at your notes and record your videos all in one setting now once you're done recording you'll press the stop button and then you'll go to the restream homepage click on recordings and that's where you'll find all of your videos we use this exact same setup to film our videos with the Natural Energy dock he's one of our clients and he logs in to restream every week where we coach him in what to say in his videos and he can record up to five videos in just 90 minutes so now you've got a high-powered camera connected as your webcam you've got a microphone that plugs right in to give you that rich buttery podcasting audio you've got a great looking background a light that makes it all visible and you can sit down at your desk and press record to record YouTube videos whenever you feel inspired maybe you get an email from a client and it reminds you to make a video you can easily just go to restream press record and record that video or maybe you want to plan out a few videos and record five all in one session you can do that right from here never having to get up to change your battery never having to get up to change your SD card this is a highly productive very simple YouTube strategy that you can build today in your home or office space now if you want to see a more advanced home studio setup then click on this video here and I'll show you what I have in my office if you want to learn more about how to use restream then click on this video here I've made an entire playlist on how restream works and how you can use its features you better click on them fast because I am losing my voice thanks so much for watching I'm Owen video and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @davantelive8085 [1 likes]: Hey Owen- loved the video bro! What was the $200 camera you mentioned because you never said a brand name?
  2. @lancemechaneck4677 [1 likes]: I have a 10 inch desktop ring light that causes hot spots to show on screen on my forehead, is that less of a issue with the 18 inch ring light or is there another fix?
  3. @30DayReviews [1 likes]: Great video as always. one thing I would like to point out is that unfortunately the ink on allot of the vynal backgrounds will fade within 6 months of having them out. so I would suggest figuring something more permanent out for when the colors just don't look right anymore. 
II have a brown wood vynal that eventually turned more red.
  4. @PastLifePickins: I need a setup where i can just go sit and it's all set up! Good info!

- Best DIY video backdrops - DIY Home Studio for YouTube Video: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm gonna show you where to find great-looking backdrops just like this one right here they're affordable and you're gonna be surprised at the different types that you can get stay tuned it's own video oh hey everybody welcome back to the channel I'm Owen video and don't forget to subscribe for weekly tips on how you can be using live video and other online strategies to blow past your competition and grow your business now's the time to subscribe today we're solving one of the biggest problems in live streaming anywhere on the web and that's the boring blank wall oh it's incredible I know you guys have seen this before and it drives me wild right potentially fantastic content being delivered behind a boring beige wall is that tan or taupe guys a video backdrop like this that's properly hanging on your wall properly set up with just some simple lighting can really make your set look fantastic so today I'm gonna show you where you can find different types of video backdrops for your live video setup and you can turn a boring blank wall into a fantastic looking studio just like I did okay let's take a look we're gonna start on amazon.com and we're gonna type in video backdrops and you'll see all these different options here but we're just gonna type in video backdrop and instantly I get onto this page here now you do have to continue to dig okay I'm not gonna say like this is our first page notice what I'm seeing here I'm seeing a lot of different items I've got like this collapsible wooden theme retro photography studio right here and look look at what happens when I click on just one of these all the different options make themselves appear to me and look at this price guys it's 1099 obviously doesn't come with the lights it's gonna come just like that this is a picture look at what they did here with just some some sparkly lights on top of it really really fantastic now you can get this one here you've got this one here looks like they're giving you some measurements here and these are some different things that you can do look at this one hanging with this particular brand notice as well how the sizes are all a little bit different this is 1.5 meters this one is 150 centimeters these are all gonna be about 4 4 or 5 feet by 5 feet this one is like 3 feet by 5 feet here's what I want to show you there's lots available here but you don't want to just pick the first one that you come across ok so I want to take you to photographic studio backgrounds this is a category inside of Amazon and I'm gonna send you guys there's a link in the description box with a link to this page look at the variety you get here of course we see the green screen stuff but now we're finding like this Eiffel Tower stuff we're seeing this red carpet cartoony type of stuff we're seeing some standard gray and white backgrounds look at this one here brick wall this could really look fantastic let's see what they've got here look at all these options you've got black brick I'm just gonna quickly scroll through these take a look at these I really like this one this is unique and different [Music] now I want to jump on camera real quick so that you can notice here the price went up to thirty seven ninety nine but it's only forty bucks only forty bucks and you have a huge choice of these designs here and let's go and take a look at the size of it all and we can see here this is a five by seven cloth so this is about the size that I have here it's really gonna be a good size I think I want to keep you guys in that realm at like five five feet by 7 feet is a good place to be it's nice and long so you can sit down but also wide enough to cover the entire wall okay so I'm back on the Amazon category page here and I just want to show you the variety that they have here this rainbow color deal here they have this sort of color pink background here these could be for glamour photos look at this one down here I love this one okay it's a retro bookshelf not a lot of options on the bookshelf but again it's under 20 bucks and we've got a 5 foot by 7 foot thing here and just look at how cool that looks notice how they put the chair in there see they put the chair in there to give you sort of like this real wood like what what this looks like with real objects and that can be key in making your video backdrop look fantastic so go to the link in the description box and start looking for backdrops that could work with what you're trying to do on your show you might be surprised what you find and look at how great my friends set look this is Leslie Samuel of become a blogger comm and he's got up in his background here a backdrop and then he's got shelving in front of the backdrop to again just sort of blend the backdrop in and it looks really sharp the piece that I'm using right here is very simple it's a five by seven piece I'm gonna give you guys a wide-angle shot what that looks like from the whole room so you can see most of it the wood section you're not even seeing on camera and the rest of it is just pinned to the wall using some very simple thumbtacks these backdrops are easy to put together and they look fantastic on camera like there are things that I'm seeing the imperfections and this that I'm seeing here with my own eye but they don't show up on camera they do a whole lot you know to take this room from where it was to where it is now so keep watching videos down here if you want to learn more on how you can use livestream to grow your business and to just stay on the leading edge by doing those little things that make a big difference tap on one of the videos on your screen now and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Absolutely awesome you tube backdrops. Thanks for sharing.  Have a wonderful weekend.  🥰
  2. @WouldThisWork [1 likes]: You show 4 of your favorite video backdrops 
in description, did any of them come to you without
permanent creases? Do you have 'any' backdrops 
sans permanent creases? Link/s?
  3. @exclusivalashandthings [1 likes]: Thank you so much. I was looking for this😌
  4. @DavidMatney: Thanks!
  5. @truehope287: The LB are thin and crapy!
  6. @sarahdavis45629: Awesome video. Major thanks!!!!!
  7. @WouldThisWork: 'Photographic Studio Background' (AMZN special category)
You said there was a link in your description,
not finding it.
  8. @WouldThisWork: Which ones come without 
heavy, permanent creases?
  9. @WouldThisWork: Who has a link to backdrops
that are not permanently CREASED, 
looking like mosaics? 
I've bought a couple from amzn.
Who has found a vendor at amzn or elsewhere that 
sends them to you looking great, without heavy creases? 
They come folded and pressed by what must be 
an Elephant, and look terrible (the two that I've bought).
I tried an iron as was suggested, I tried laying them out 
in the desert heat. They look like crap. 

As I say, I even tried to iron out the creases,  (Vinyl backdrop) 
it did nothing, if an iron works for you , what temperature, 
mine was maxed out at 200f + - . Or is there a material 
that doesn't yield this problem..
  10. @billpanoff7944: Do the brick backgrounds come with rollers? If not where can I find the rollers?
  11. @AudreyHopeNow: you really helped me.. keep up the great work-   audreyhopenow on youtube
  12. @KellerColeman: Awesome
  13. @DawkinsPlays: Your audio sounds very canned. Is it an effect?
  14. @LisaMM830: I do crafting video and the way my set up is now I capture the kitchen or living room would you recommend one of these.
  15. @marchoude2303: Uhm...pro-tip - You might want to iron out your brick backdrop.
  16. @CamReeds: Thanks im filming in a corner and ive been trying to change up the boring background
  17. @vinyl_blues: Where did you get the On Air sign?
  18. @emiotomeoni1882: thanks for the video and the advise - i dont know about having the brick background at an angle - it kinda ruins the dimensional effect it would have if it were on a flat wall behind you
  19. @ryansdm: I thought content was the most important thing wow!!!  It's all about the glam!!!! lol:)  geez!!! What's the world coming 2:)))
  20. @BeautyBeatdown: I bought a backdrop similar to the ones you showed; currently trying to get the seams out of them since it was folded. I tried ironing like was suggested but it didn't quite help.

- How to do a Live Stream Studio Set Up on Mobile for your business (professional but simple): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you my personal mobile live stream setup for going live on Facebook or YouTube it's simple but it's super beautiful and you're going to learn it because I'm Owen video Owen video Welcome Back to the videos spot.net where you'll get a video marketing education that will make you so much money you'll be able to join the video Masters Academy and make even more going live on Facebook or YouTube is the cheapest way to reach a targeted audience with video in fact our video ads on Facebook are costing around 6 cents per view on average but our live video posts are consistently at a penny when we promote them if you want to get 10,000 views do the math so your organization needs to have a process for efficiently streaming live video on the web part of that process is having a title strategy knowing what to shoot and what to say now you can get my title blueprint for free in my video marketing toolkit and the link is below but today I'm going to focus on the gear and how to set up going live with a mobile device to do that we're going to go behind the scenes to the dress rehearsal for the live candidate Forum where I hosted a series of interviews live on my client's Facebook page let's go to Owen in the field o dog you there thanks Owen hey today I'm here at the carlbad Chamber of Commerce where're we're about to launch the Carlsbad live candidate Forum it's going to be a two-person interview broadcast from mobile directly onto Facebook live so I'm going to show you my setup in workflow and I'm going to provide you some links in the description in the description box you can actually go watch the final event when it's done let's take a look at my gear come on in close the first thing that I want to turn your attention to is the three-legged traditional tripod when it comes to a live event like this I want you to use a three-legged tripod it's reliable it's dependable and you have some advantages here for example when the tripod can stand on its own you could get something with a pivoting neck and I believe you need a pivoting neck so that you can move the camera sort of side to side if you need to I mean imagine if you're getting a candidate and then you could C of sort of like pan around the room that would look really nice it would look really smooth you're also going to want the ability to go up and down and to do some tilt so you know as we tighten this and and and sort of uh loosen this what we can do is go up tilt up and tilt down what that enables us to do is get more in the frame here when doing a two-person interview it's likely that the two people will be different heights and sizes so you always want to make sure you're framing around the taller or the bigger person and having the the side to side and the up and down tilt features are going to play to your benefit now com in close the next thing I want to show you is the Alo clip now the Alo clip this is an $80 lens adapter for iPhone 6 Plus but they make them for any smartphone on this side I have a wideangle lens and on this side I have a fishee lens what I'm going to do is put on the screen now a before and after shot of the Alo clip lens and what it looks like in real [Music] life doesn't that make a huge difference Facebook live has a very very small window so you're going to want to use the Alo CP to get a wider angle lens and more comfortably fit you and the other person into that tiny frame more comfortably okay so why don't you swing around here and I'm going to show you one of the most important aspects of this whole setup okay and that is the smartphone clip now there's lots of different smartphone Clips on the marketplace but I just love this little guy it's spring activated they're about four bucks so I bought like five of them at a time you can hold your you know you pull this little rubber rubber guy and it pulls the spring out and and it can go sideways and and back and forth the reason that I like these is because they're affordable and when they break you can buy a new one right some of these clips are 20 bucks and then when it breaks you got to buy a new $20 clip so it's very important to be mindful of your your costs if I were to lose one of these I have like three in the car right so it's not not necessarily a huge disadvantage to me want to show you just one quick sort of surprise thing this is my monopod okay I don't use it for all of my events but I do use it when I'm on the go now this was developed by a friend of mine originally for realtors notice how it's got the clamp so you can put this anywhere this is very unique I haven't really seen this on a monopod or a selfie stick so I can kind of clip anywhere I've got a a joint a ball joint here so I've got a lot of fluid movement that I can play with you know and I can hold notice the rubber grip handle here you know I can hold this and and sort of you know do some fun things and then maybe tighten it up when I don't want to move it anymore so I love love love this activity here uh if you pan back a little bit you'll see that we have an extending arm right and I can go all the way up uh over here or I can you know bring it down and get it to the length that I want remember this is this is really a selfie stick it's a monopod so you know I may be holding it out like this or I might have it on a chair I used this recently at a banquet to film my keynote I had to get above the audience in this came into play very nicely last couple things come on in close again we have a reticulating uh or or a bending head so I can keep the phone wherever I I really need it and even this little guy uh will will loosen up and and I can you know move my head around so again you know imagine being able to sort of move this and then move this to just really get the shot that you want to get that'll make it the best video you don't need all these tools but having them will give you a competitive Advantage so uh if you want to check check out the monopod there's a link in the description box below come on last two things and we'll go back to Owen in the studio I want to show you the iRig microphone okay this is a lightning adapter microphone this was the only microphone that we've found that will actually work with Facebook live okay so these three pin microphones the ones that plug into the headphone jack they don't always work so this will go directly into the iPhone which is why you won't be able to charge the phone while you're streaming okay so we're plugged in there and then the Big Kahuna tool that I really want to share with you is the teleprompter so let's take a look at this we're we're using an iPad here and we're using uh a $20 app called teleprompt 3 we've already written the script but we use the teleprompter to help us keep time so in the and I've got high quality audio high quality video with a lens adapter and a teleprompter to keep me on time for an absolutely professional live event all right so why don't you swing around here and we'll take a look at what it what it looks like so in the end you've got a great setup and if you're using Facebook live or want to use Facebook live for your business do it better than the other guy thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed this tutorial Owen back to you thanks my man if you want to hang with me on Facebook I'm live every Monday with the video marketing tip for your business plus you'll get a chance to participate and leave feedback on my videos before they go on YouTube check the description box for the links to my private group I'm Owen video tirelessly scouring the Seas of live streaming for you see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @bnank2025 [5 likes]: No mention of data / wifi parameters or constraints which will definitely affect stream quality.
  2. @Uyotfilmstv [1 likes]: My mentor Owen Video. UYOT Online TV from Nigeria
  3. @newsveteran4466 [1 likes]: Horribly enormous too long and over the top intro only to throw it to a blurry shot in the field.  So how about showing what apps to use to get streaming done in addition to the equipment?  I had a client ask me how to prepare my phone for live streaming.. so perhaps add that in case you have a total novice doing this for the first time.  Your description is like, "to be an artist, use THIS easel, use THIS type of canvas, wear THIS kind of hat, use THESE brushes," and that's it.  Oh yea.. you need paint.  And tone it down about 20%.  I can appreciate enthusiasm but your ridiculous laughter at the beginning was totally useless.
  4. @QuiQui_Between [1 likes]: I cant find the monopod link :( i want to order it.
  5. @raymondforce7017: Good job!
  6. @cashgamma: The wide angle Ollo lens definitely gives you more viewing angle but the light distortion artifacts are a huge distraction.  This would be even more amplified at night.
  7. @leahvalenzuela9779: you didn't cover lighting?
  8. @cayman2010: Link for some of the products would be nice please.
  9. @Jungle.D.OutDoors: Kool
  10. @robbynv9900: The information is great for what's the best phone to use when doing this
  11. @KimberlyWhisk: The teleprompter Amazon link is dead. I would put up another you are missing all that affiliate money ;).
  12. @ItsMeMC: Now do you use wifi or mobile data? What kind of internet connectivity do you use for mobile streaming?
  13. @ajayrai2854: How to change the video background.
But some free softwares😉
  14. @HexlGaming: Actually pretty convenient to just film (& why not stream at the same time) everything on/with your phone.. :D
  15. @Tsebo.: Hey Owen Great stuff!! just wondering is it possible to go live from Facebook and Youtube at the same time from your phone??
  16. @MatthewFurman: Excellent video. Love that clip on monopod.
  17. @AlexPaimus: Hey bud.. loved the video, but your link is broken. Also, noticed that you were using CF, I can hook you up with our tool.
  18. @djanishanand: Owen great video tips. Hey need some more tips though. Im a dj and im not able to get professional sound quality when im doing live mix sets. Im using iphone 7 as the gadget right now. Can you suggest me something pocket friendly tip on this. Thanks and looking forward 😊👍
  19. @NOIRNORD: 6:00 hı.  İ couldn't see the link of monopod.  Can you give më link please ı need that monopod stick
  20. @iminjurednotstupidpodcast1865: Hi awesome Owen! Stroke survivor Aaron Avila here! Hey my awesome wife and son remodeled my small home office to have a two person sit down interview area. It's going to be amazing! I plan on interviewing numerous kinds of professionals from my local stroke related community. Such as Doctors, Therapists, Speech Language Pathologist's and much more! We can't afford to pay for the increased bandwidth to be able to use my desktop. My question is would it be acceptable to use my Samsung 4g Smart phone?
I'll take my answer on the air. lol
Thanks,
Aaron

- How I Light Every Interview (my 10-step system): Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> I'm sure you've lit an interview before and wondered, "Man, I wish I could do that every time." This is where having a repeatable system is important as a creative. One that still has structure and flexibility. And that's what we're going to talk about today. We're going to talk about the 10-step process that you can take every [music] time you approach your interview lighting to ensure that you're getting the best shot possible. So that you have a system of knowing where to start and where to end. You can download this process as a free PDF that we have down below. I'll put a link in the description and take this every time you're on set so you're never lost about what's the next step you should be taking. These are all part of the Art of Documentary Academy. But more on AOD later and I'll be talking about a special deal we have coming up. So, let's jump into this. >> [music] >> The very first step before you take a camera out or anything is [music] know where west is. And this matters to any cinematographer in the world cuz no matter where you are, the sun [music] sets in the west. This is where your light will be ending up. Now, if you're in the northern hemisphere, your northern windows in a room are the ones that won't ever receive direct light. So, this might be something you want to have >> to play to your advantage because the light will ambiently come in through that window rather than come in burnt like in the south window where the sun will be moving through most of the day. Where if you're in the southern hemisphere, the south window sometimes can be more useful to work with because this is where the sun will be ambiently again spilling through and not directly coming in. If you're fighting direct sunlight, sometimes this can be challenging for interviews. There's great apps like Sunseeker, Shadow Map. There's a variety. I think Helios might even be one of them. Just to be able to know where the sun is or you can even just pick up Google Maps. And when you open the map by default, it should be pointing north. North west. We got like a 1-hour window. Uh 2:00 p.m. it's going to just start slicing through this. [music] This is the key with Sunseeker is if you crouch down, you can start to see it too. That little dot there. This [music] is when the sun is going to start peaking through right through here. Your job as a cinematographer is to make a plan. Are we going to work with [music] the sun or are we going to have to fight against it? Next is you want to determine what you can and cannot [music] control. Can you control the skylights in a room? Can you turn off the lights? What I like to do is to shut all the windows and shut off all the lights and then slowly add back in the practical lights in that environment [music] to see what they're doing. I want to know what full control I have. That can even come down to air conditioning and vents or there're people walking in the background. So, try and determine how much of a blank slate you can start with. We've all been there on a corporate shoot when someone says, "Hey, come shoot my office." But the lights are attached to the entire floor. So, you won't be able to control those. If you do know this ahead of time though, you'll know that you can block those out. But be careful, don't always put gaffer tape on those pot lights. They can set on fire. [music] I've seen a cinematographer do that before. Next is you want to define your motivation. And to be honest, this is probably the decision [music] that impacts where I'm going to place the camera most. I like my interview lighting to feel naturally motivated. I want my films to be steeped in reality and I don't like them feeling like they were shot in a studio. Okay, so here's what I'm navigating in this room is the only real window is this skylight which is an odd motivation. Usually the best place if we want our interview to look normal in this office is this space. We have [music] this window and we can keep this in the shot just off to the side to make that feel >> naturally motivated. So, when you walk into the room, ask where is the light naturally coming from? And that can be lamps. You can go for a tungsten look [music] on your subject's face. But for us, we went to this back office there. You can even see that light pulling [music] in from right now. Felt like a big natural source and that gave me the opportunity to use a big natural modifier as [music] my main key light. Now, the trick with your framing if you really want to get detailed with this is do you show a little bit of the window so people understand the space and can recognize hey, there's windows on that side of the room. That's where the light's coming from. Once I define the motivation, now I'm trying to pick my frame. Do I want to show this peekaboo of the window? I like showing a little slip of the window so we understand where our motivation's coming from. But I also really like this corner here. I will do both. We'll option both. We'll see what we like in the end. And ultimately, I decided with showing a bit of the window because the background felt a little simpler and felt like I had a little more control of how to work with that rather than having that bookshelf that had all those objects on there and a lot of bokeh. Sometimes too much detail in the background is distracting. Now, sometimes people say lock your shot as the next step. But I actually like to pick my modifier because I find depending on how big or how much shape I'm adding to my character's face, that will depend where I place them in the room. So, my next step is I set up my biggest light and that's my key light and I begin to find where I want to place my subject in relation to that depending on what kind of contrast ratio I want to have on their face. Do I want to have it fully flat on their face where the light's just all hitting the side or do I want to go super moody like this where only half my face is lit? I like to decide then too what is the quality of this light? Is it going to be a hard shadow? Is it going to be a softer, more diffused light? This is where you want to determine what modifier you want to be using. To me, it's a little bit based on the motivation. If you have a window with hard light or it's coming through in the background, you're likely going to want to emulate that with your key light so it doesn't just suddenly feel like, "Why is this light soft?" But if you have shears on the window, then this could motivate your light to being soft. You want to think about the quality of light hitting your character's face if you're trying to go for more realistic look so that it doesn't just feel like in this case that you're using a giant softbox because not all light is equal. So, once I have my main modifier and I have that set up, that's when I begin to finesse and decide where to place my subject which would be step number five, locking your shot. This doesn't mean you can't make tweaks to it cuz I always will make adjustments. But I now like to begin to decide, "Okay, here is where my main subject is going [music] to go." And blocking the subject also depends where and how deep you're going to put them in the room. In this case, I put [music] Kim halfway through the room and it meant we actually had to move some of the couches. This comes back to our second step of do we have control of this room? Can we move these objects? We moved this so that I had enough depth between Kim and the background. Typically, when I shoot interviews, my subject is never closer to the background than they are to the camera. It's usually a 3:1 ratio that the distance from where they are to the background is three times as much as they are to the camera. That's [music] a general rule. It really depends the house, depends where we're shooting. You can see these interviews that we quickly set up this last week in Las Vegas for the Cbum film. All of those shots where my subject was either in the middle of the room or we were close to a wall and we had the full depth of the room to work with. And as mentioned, all these steps are listed in our free downloadable PDF. We have tons [music] of different guides like this available to download. I'll put a few more down below in the link. These are all part [music] of the Art of Documentary Academy. And Art of Documentary is an academy that's had thousands of filmmakers come through it. Some of them releasing [music] their very first films and others releasing masterpieces that they've been working on for years. It's been so incredible. Our students are surpassing [music] us in what they're doing, winning Emmys and getting tons of awards. One of our students has just gone up to Mount Everest and he was able to do that project because of different [music] connections in Art of Documentary. All of our content, courses, communities, and monthly calls will help you hone in on your craft [music] of being a true filmmaker. And this Black Friday is your chance to join AOD. We're having a [music] 40% sale off on all of our courses across the board. [music] This is the best sale possible for our individual courses. And if you want to guarantee your spot, then join our early registration happening November 12th. [music] And if you get onto this list, you'll also get an additional 10% off the course. This is 50% off an AOD [music] course. We've never done a sale this big. We have seven courses and hundreds of teaching videos that will help you become [music] a better storyteller. Ultimately, anyone can learn lighting, but can you find a story and direct it at your best potential? Well, that's exactly what we'll help you do in AOD. So, hope to see you on the inside of AOD this Black Friday. >> Kim, this is going on YouTube. We want to keep it real. >> up? Go follow my cat on Instagram. >> your cat on Instagram? What is >> Cat's named Logan Doody. Next is lensing. You might think that you would want to choose a lens before you block your subject. But I find it's much easier once you have the whole space set up to determine how far you need to place your camera from the subject. It's more challenging to move a light at a person and all the objects in the room than it is just to swap a lens and move the camera in and out. So, I typically like to light, block, and then really decide what lens I want. Although I'm usually framing up on a 35 mil. Why this is is something like a 50 mil or an 85, it just hides too much of the background. I like to be on something a little wider. A 25 or 24 mil is maybe showing a bit too much of the room. Although I do like shooting my interviews sometimes with this, just getting real up close. Right now, I'm on a 24 mil. But typically, I find the best lens for you to set up an interview is a 35 mil. And another reason is if you're able to frame up on a 35 mil with your main key lighting and your mics and your negative fill, then any other lens after that is going to work because it's going to frame out those things. Where if you start on a really tight lens, you may be running into problems if you need a second angle and you need [music] to then widen out on your main shot so your main shot and your second angle don't look identical. Also, dude, this was my first time using my Arles prime lenses. I think I'm pronouncing that right. These are from DZ Optic. They're [music] Vista Vision primes that have T1.4 through the whole set. Beautiful lenses, very sharp. I had them wide open and they still look beautiful. I'm looking forward to trying these out more. If you want me to do a bit more of an in-depth look at them, let me know below. >> Coming through, big big giant office. Actually, it's a one-bedroom apartment. >> # blessed. >> Once I've kind of finessed all this in, this is where I like to begin to pick my contrast ratios. This is where now I'll play with my aperture, my ND filters, and the brightness of my key light to begin to determine how much I want on the face. You can always jack up your key light to 100%. This just means you have to reduce your exposure. So, in turn, you're going to have a higher contrast level because the rest of the ambient light won't be equal to your main key light. This is where I like to use my waveform and my false colors. I'm flicking it on, and I'm looking at the shadow side of my character's face to the key side of the face. And don't let anyone tell you that you have to light at 60 IRE, or 40 IRE, or 75 IRE. Which that's a little too much if you're doing 75 IRE. I have said this in the past, typically your camera's color science and sensor does like skin tones closer 60 IRE, but tons of high-level Hollywood DPs these days are shooting as low as 35 IRE, or even lower in some cases for their character's face. It depends the mood, the aesthetic, and the motivation that you're going for. But for me, I like a higher contrast ratio. I like shadows. A lot of you complain about that. But I prefer dark blacks. So, for my interview as well, I like to have that higher contrast ratio on my character's face. So, in this case, when I was shooting with Kim, I was think I was down at a 20% output on my Nanlite, then I pushed that up to about 35% I believe, and that gave me a higher contrast ratio as I brought down the exposure. And it also helped me equal the exposure of the light coming in through the window. Now that we have the light positioned properly, our character in the right place, both our camera and the lensing chosen to be a bit better. And in this case, I decided to swap to the 50 from the 35, and I moved my camera back a bit so that I wasn't just completely cropped in. I do like wider interviews. It also gives people space, like me right now, to move their hands as they talk. But from there, that's when I do the background tweaks. I don't really worry about the background too early. I want to perfect my character's face cuz moving stuff around the background is really quite easy. And this is where it's kind of a game of is this too close, is this too far, does this feel too forced, does this feel too natural, are we too sparse, are we too busy? You can play around with this all day. What I actually recommend is recording and playing it back. There's something about watching footage back that you're more analytical. I don't know what that's about. It happens to us as cinematographers. Everything you're shooting, watching live, feels amazing, but then you play it back and you're like, "Wow, that's shaky." Or that was out of focus, or why didn't I hold that shot? Same is true I find for interviews. I like to hit playback. I like to watch it as though I'm in my edit suite, and I'll begin to analyze the image a lot more. I think I give myself grace to look around the frame. Okay. The last I want to push that speaker over a bit, and I do feel like I'm a little bit dark over there. I don't mind it though. What we could just do is bring in a practical. Bring in a practical. So, we moved a bunch of stuff around here for Kim on this background. I had enough light on those wood panels to give her a bit of backlighting. I typically don't backlight my interviews these days. It's been something I've moved away for a while. If I am, it's usually light down at like 5%. I find the second you add strong backlighting, it just feels like a lit studio interview, and it feels like it's from a different era. What I typically do is add a little more light onto the background, which you could see is doing here by adding these lamps and allowing some of the window to spill onto the background so that we could still have separation from Kim's head and the background. Here's the key to any practical light you have in a studio, or just go on to Amazon and buy a bunch of these dimmers. Every light in our office is run through a dimmer. It's not always great when you have LED bulbs, but if you can get dimmable LED bulbs like we have in here, then you can tweak the lighting. But let's see what this practical looks like. The last thing I'll do is tweak my exposure and actually set the white balance. Sometimes I'll do that earlier. In this case, I was at 4300. I kind of like to set up my shots at 43 sometimes, depending if I'm not going for a day-for-night look. 43 allows me to see all the color temperatures kind of equal, but knowing that I'm going to be moving towards about a 5000, 5500 that range usually for my interviews cuz I like balancing to daylight. And this is where then you can begin to tweak that on your lights and the other sources in the room as well. You may like to tweak color balance earlier. I typically leave it till the end. I like to look at contrast ratios, framing, and also the composition overall, and then the color tweaking is very simple and something I can literally dial in right at the end. And now, lastly, this is very important. This is the stress test. Have your subject move around. Have them lean forward. You may find last minute that there is a shot that you want to try differently. When they lean forward, oh wow, look at this. I like this better than when they're back here. This feels different. So, have them move around. You're also looking for things of do they lean off camera? I find sometimes my subjects I'll have the lead space in the shot, but then as the interview goes on, they'll lean forward, and then suddenly I'm [music] short-siding it. I have all this negative space over here, and they're talking to the edge of frame. I find hitting record and playing back again is a great way to stress test [music] because you're going to be watching it as though you had actually already shot this. >> I hope these tips helped. If you like lighting guides, if you like tips, if you like knowing how to build the best interview possible, we have dozens and dozens of videos teaching this in Art of Documentary, and we have hundreds of videos talking about what's most important with your shooting, and that's [music] storytelling, perfecting the craft of being a good documentary filmmaker. That's all part of the Art of Documentary, and as mentioned, that is going on sale for Black Friday. This is the best deal, the best [music] sale we've ever given out. So, this is your chance to join. It'll be for only a few days. So, download that PDF. You can get on our waitlist as well to make sure that you don't miss out. There is a limited seating for Art of Documentary, and so this Black Friday sale will be moving very quickly. Thank you guys for watching this. This video may not age well cuz I recorded it day one of the World Series, but depending what happens, go Jays. >> [cheering] >> And if they didn't win, [music] throw a bat. See you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @iviaverick52 [3 likes]: Sometimes you just get lucky and the lighting looks amazing, when that happens, write down EVERYTHING and make that your signature look.
  2. @markbernhardt6281 [1 likes]: Aputure sells a lightbulb to put in practical lights on set
  3. @threethroneproductionsSA [1 likes]: I will join the AOD this year
  4. @wing333-ach [1 likes]: So is the difference between an f22 with large diffuser  in front of it and a large softbox really that great?
  5. @Wrestling_Movies [1 likes]: At no point did you mention story. You should be serving the story. The lighting in the end is very dramatic in your frame but does it serve the tone? She has the little Rembrandt triangle on her left eye. Looks great, but that’s the first thing I’d think about. Nice work overall
  6. @JacopoRegeni: amazing video
  7. @CurtisRedden: Looks very nice bro but her shadow side ear needs a little rim lighting to seperate her ear out of the darkness. Just an edge light. Notice how even in how your own face is lit, when you slightly turn your head that your shadow ear suddenly becomes lit. Then you turn it back and it becomes completely dark. I personally believe there should be a motivated edge light on the shadowed ear/side of head to ensure separation.
  8. @jackson3967: In my experience, glasses can be one of the biggest headaches,  I'd be fascinated to see your favoured techniques for dealing with that.
  9. @AbdullahiMuhammad-z7f: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  10. @isiahaalejandro: Do you always use prime lenses?
  11. @felixmooneeram5919: very useful!
  12. @christopheroleary9455: could of just left the widow open
  13. @thesebarehandsmusic: Fantastic
  14. @RajeeshChandran-o2u: Nicr🎀
  15. @DebbieLeanneProfiles: how about lighting two person conversation shots with 3 cameras?
  16. @TrivisualsStudio: Your attention to detail is absolutely inspiring and amazing, great stuff bro!!👊😎💯
  17. @Hypnotik00: Great tutorial!
What monitor are you using please?
  18. @myreelartofficial: Best tutorial
  19. @shanaleegibsonfilms: Kim!!! ❤️
  20. @tomlazio: Are you using a promist filter on your direct to camera shot throughout the video? looks good!

- How To Shoot An INTERVIEW (Or YouTube Video) - Lighting & Framing: Kind: captions Language: en Lighting can be very difficult. You can make it as complicated as you want with just one light or you can fill it up with some nice practicals. You can also make the entire scene look a lot brighter. Let's take it back. That's better. The things that you can do with lighting is infinite. And when does a frame look correctly? Well, in this video we're going to take a look at how I create my YouTube videos, but also what the thought process is behind lighting interviews. Since my YouTube videos are quite same, I don't need to prep as much. But for an actual interview, I plan things a lot more. Once we know the location we're shooting in, I like to create a simple lighting diagram using Photoshop and a tool called film set objects to create very simple yet detailed lighting plans. Once this is done, I present this to other creatives. I also make mood boards. I use Shotdeck for this. It's a tool created by Lawrence Sher, the DOP of Joker. It's basically a huge database of film stills with loads of metadata. This way you can easily navigate through different scenes to find exactly what you're looking for. Let's break this lighting setup down first. For an interview, you typically want a key light. That one. A key light is the main light source exposing the subject or talent. And in some cases, this is enough. But if you want to create a visually more interesting looking image, you want to consider using different lights like that one. All right. So, after you have found the spot where you want your talent to be, you know where to place your key light. I like to have my key light at around a 45-degree angle away from me or away from the talent to create a nice contrast on the face. Let's see what a different key light angle does to the contrast ratio on the face, the light fall off, and also what it does to the mood of the film. Frank is holding the key light straight in front of me and he is slowly moving to the side and you can see that the contrast is increasing. Right now we're parallel to my face and you can see that there's no light left on the left side of my face. Now we're in a 45° angle behind me and you can see that our key light became an edge light. Okay, so now that we've positioned our key light properly, we can play around with some practicals. A practical is basically a light source that is present in the frame, like that IKEA lamp, for example. After having set up the practical, the thing that I like to do is to see what kind of light this practical creates and if I can use it to create a more realistic setting. Therefore, I used a Godox LC500R, which is a light stick that ranges from 2500 Kelvin all the way up to 8000 Kelvin, but also lets you toggle through a 360° of hue. Now, I mounted it on a C-stand and I extended the light that comes from the practical to fall on my shoulder and my face. This is called a rim light. We use this technique to separate the talent from the background, but also to create a more three-dimensional looking image and to give it a little bit more depth. Framing is also a very important step. I personally like to use as much depth as I can find, even if that means I need to cram myself into the corner of a room to get it. But sometimes you find yourself in situations where there is just not a lot of space to work with. Then you might want to think outside of the box. This here is a perfect example. It's a flat background, it has no depth whatsoever. Um you know, usually it would look pretty horrible. So, what I use here is symmetrical lines. I made sure that everything from the middle until the sides roughly look the same. Then I also used a couple lighting techniques to make this scene just look a little bit better. Let me turn off everything and then, you know, build it up from scratch. There we go. Uh it looks kind of horrible. So, what I did was I used a Godox SL60W with a mirror and some gaffer tape to create this look. Then I used my key light to light my face. I use my Godox LC500R to, you know, use it as a rim light to create a little bit of a little bit of depth. And then I use my practical to fill this space up with some warm lighting as well. This already looks a lot more appealing to the eye. So, with a little bit of creativity, you can definitely manage to create something like this. All right, let's take a quick look at what we built here. So, we got our key light a little bit over 60° away from us. I pointed it away from the wall because I didn't want the spill of the light onto the wall. Then we got our mirror. It is a basic reflection setup, but I made a grid from gaffer tape onto the mirror that created the pattern you see behind me. Pretty cool. Then we got our LC500R on the left side of me that just gives me a little bit of extra from that, you know, practical that's there. It just lights up the shoulder. Otherwise, that shoulder would be pretty dark and I didn't really like that. I blocked off all the windows in the room with black cloth to, you know, have full control over the setting. So, that's it. As mentioned in the beginning of this video, lighting can be very complicated. You can sometimes use 20 lights, but you can perhaps get the same result with three. It really is difficult and therefore you need a lot of experience. One thing that I like to do whenever I walk onto a set is to see where the natural light is coming from. And then I try to either boost it, enhance it, or block it off and recreate it if we need to shoot on that set for a longer period of time. By using that tip, you can always light a scene. It's just your creativity to create extra things like this thing I did with the mirror and some gaffer tape. Lighting is probably the most exciting thing about cinematography and it definitely changed my way of how I viewed the world. If I walk outside and there's a nice path of light or a shape that is created by light, I get intrigued by it, I would say. So, guys, let me know what you think. Um, is this something you want to do? Is this something you want to get into? Are you as intrigued by lighting as I am? Let me know. And I hope this video was helpful. And if you liked it, you know, let me know in the comments below. I'll see you guys next week. All righty.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SjoerdWess [24 likes]: As discussed in the last part of this video, lighting changed the way I view the world. Has it for you? Do you stop and snap a quick iPhone shot when the light is falling nice on a particular object on the street? Let me know!🙌🏼
  2. @andrepauletto [2 likes]: Thanks for the masterclass, Jesse Pinkman
  3. @silverscreenproductions [1 likes]: Just discovered your channel, Sjoerd. Great content bro—I subscribed. Love your clear and to-the-point info.
  4. @gatzodergarnich: this helped so much!
  5. @yungron105: Bro this has to be the best “ How to Video “ I’ve ever watched 🙏🏽
  6. @Arnovic257: I like🔥🔥✌🏽
  7. @PixoteFilms: Thanks for this.
  8. @Lotusfeats: Great tips!!
  9. @eduardohernandezherrera6822: I enjoy
  10. @Who_Did_It_Podcast: Very well explained. I'm making my studio setup now for filming in the dark environment. Will definitely use some tips from the video. Thank you!
  11. @ParaguideTV: I’m disabled a paraplegic and I’m trying to interview myself explaining why I’m traveling 1000 miles in my wheelchair and I’m below poverty level financially and I been saving money and collecting equipment for 1 year 7 months now sacrificing food and not doing anything but staying home to get this thing ready (plus training) I have one camera one shotgun mic two square soft box lights I built a studio and a home gym please help me with what to do I don’t think I can buy anything else or I guess I can but I’m tired of living off ramen noodles and water.  I want to tell my story and do the trip by march. Please help me I don’t know what I’m doing but I want to do the best video I can make
  12. @roromboraragattv8390: subscribed mate. cheers.
  13. @bruhwachuduin9322: I really appreciate your video because I was looking for a video that could show me some ideas of how to light a very close wall (like in the sofa). Most of this kind of lighting videos assume that we have large rooms with a nice background.
  14. @CeeMillimaire: Yo I bought a power grade from him and I didn’t receive sht, am I suppose to wait till it’s sent? Anyone know?
  15. @sarannarayan1571: subbed, liked and commented <3
  16. @akilytv: thx a lot! really helped
  17. @FYRCOPENHAGEN: Thanks for the video. You are great! What app did you use for making the top drawings of your lighting set?
  18. @henrydidit: This is a really cool video. Thanks for sharing.
  19. @JustinBerkoviofc: If I'm on a tight budget what would be the best alternative to the Godox SL150WII?
  20. @1mansorry: is that really a blackmagic 6k pro?

- How to Film an Interview: Kind: captions Language: en this week I'm going through everything you need to know in order to set up and shoot an [Music] interview hello my name is Simon Cade and this is DSO guide so one of the main things that freelance filmmakers do is record interviews I've done at least five interviews I'd say and each time you kind of pick up something new so I thought I just make a little video which condenses as much as I can into one little video everything from how to talk to the interviewee how to set up the shot and then also just what kind of questions you want to be asking them so the first thing is to make sure that you've prepared your questions so you need to talk to the client and make sure that you know roughly what you want the story of your video to be about so if you don't know them at all then it get very difficult to form questions but if you know that they have one particular interesting thing which you want to find out more about then make sure you ask questions on that so there are generally two types of questions the example of the first one would be do you like football and the second one would be what do you think of football now the first one would get you a very short answer so they'd probably say yes and then they might say a reason or but the important thing is they it's a closed answer whereas if you say what do you think about football then they'll say oh I think and then they'll go off on a longer spiel about what they think about football and that for an interview generally is is what you want because that gets them talking and it doesn't just mean you have a lot of footage of someone saying yes or yes because so that's the first one and then the other thing that I like to do is to actually almost script out what you would like them to say so obviously you can't predict everything but if you think oh it' be nice if they said this this and this and then just try and formulate questions which will get an answer that's similar to that so then as you go through the interview you can see have they covered the sort of points that I wanted now of course they may the whole interview may go in a completely different direction but it's good to have that basis where you're not just thinking of questions CU because you're focusing on the answers at the end of the day so once you've got your questions the next thing is to set up the shot now there are three aspects to this composition lighting and audio so the first thing is composition you really want to concentrate a lot on how the shot looks there are some key guidelines which you can choose to use or not use but it's definitely worth being aware of them so the first one is to think about the background now generally you're going to have the interviewee and the foreground which leaves you with a lot of creativity in order to choose what kind of background you want so you could just go to their house and film them in the living room and that may be okay for certain interviews but it really this is where it really depends on what it is that the interview is about so if you're filming a skateboarder then why not have them in a skateboard shop with lots of skateboards in the background or if it's a carpenter then do it in their workshop because if you can have a relevant background then that actually helps to make the whole thing more convincing and it's also a lot more interesting than just having them against a white background now the other thing to think about with composition is about adding depth to the shop generally the way of doing things although these are definitely not rules these are just guidelines of things that you can do if you want to but having diagonal lines is generally a good thing to do rather than having someone against a wall like this if you have the wall actually going off into the distance where you can see the perspective then that actually generally gives it a more pleasing look rather than if you were to just film someone up against a wall but the important thing is to always just go back to what is this interview about what mood am I trying to convey with this interview so the rule of thumb is to have the interviewee looking towards the inside of the frame rather than the outside of the frame so then you put the person on the inside of the frame in this case it would be on camera left so that then they are looking more into the middle and then that gives it again a generally more pleasing look compositionally so the next thing is lighting now interview lighting is kind of known for being in a way the most boring so you could just do the standard 3o lighting key fill and rim light and while that's fine you could again think of that as the standard and then say okay well let's build on that and let's have for this video because it's quite dramatic let's have their face really dark so it's almost silhouetted or you could do any number of crazy things with your lighting if you feel that that actually complements the story that you're trying to tell with the interview so lighting generally I would say just go for something simple key light and a rim light maybe that's what I tend to do but again it's all about thinking what fits with the tone and the mood of this interview so the next thing is audio now since you've got them sitting down it makes sense to not use a lavalier microphone because you can set up a boom pole and use a boom mic that way you can just channel in on their voice and not hear all the background noise around them so the main thing to think about when you're setting up your mic is listen out if there's a refrigerator on this side then put the boom mic on the other side so that it's facing away from that but the main thing to remember is to keep the microphone as close to them as possible and pointing directly at their mouth or chin area and obviously make sure that the boom mic isn't in the shot but the other thing that people sometimes Miss is to look out for where the light is coming from because the boom mic can actually cast a shadow onto the face and this is something you really don't want so just just bear in mind what's happening with the lighting make sure you're not causing any Shadows so once all the equipment is set up and the person you're interviewing has arrived it's very important to focus a lot on making sure that the person is very at ease because it can be very intimidating being filmed but especially when you have a microphone in your face and you've got lights all around you a lot of people can really find it very intimidating and there are a few things you can do just to reassure them and make them as comfortable as possible so the first thing is to make sure that you remind them as multiple times that that that you'll be editing the final piece so they don't have to say their is in one go and it doesn't matter if they make a mistake they can just start again or they can carry on and you just want to reassure them that it's not a live TV production and that you're just you know you'll get lots of footage and they'll just choose the best bits and this is really helpful for them to be at ease in knowing that it doesn't matter if they make any mistakes and then the other thing is to just let them know that it's actually okay if they repeat themselves because often you'll actually want to ask the question more than once so that way you can choose in editing which one is the best one so in a general conversation they might skip out saying something again if they said it before but you've got to say to them look you can say you can repeat yourself as many times as you like because we're just going to choose the absolute best bits so as well as the person you're interviewing there's someone else who's very key in making sure that the shoot turns out good and that is the actual interviewer so this is a person who has the piece of paper with the questions on it and they're just going to be aiming to have again really relaxed conversation and this this is the person who can really add Assurance to the person who's being interviewed by nodding and just generally looking interested in their answers so this sounds a bit silly but if you just kind of sit there and just nod you don't you don't have to obviously make noise but if you just look as genuinely interested in what they're saying as as possible then that will help them who cuz often they a bit doubtful about saying oh that wasn't very good I need to say that again but if you just just be like really encouraging and really reassuring then that goes a long way and the other thing is to after they've answered their question don't just go straight onto the next question because often firstly it will make them feel a bit like you don't really care about their answer so just leave leave a pause and because the other thing is often people will pause as if they finished the answer but then the pause they'll actually go and they'll say more and that might be the best bit because they've had some time to think about it so always leave just a little Gap after they've answered their question in case they want to say anything else so that's pretty much it as long as you take some time to set up and then just aim to have a really relaxed atmosphere then the interview will most likely go very smoothly but there's one thing I just like to leave you with and that is the idea that you don't have to follow exactly the general routine you know the the cliche we'll call it is good having three-point lighting rule of thirds you know very basic and there's nothing wrong with that but I would really encourage you to think about what the project is and then think right how can we improve that standard interview shot and make it tailored to the story and the mood and the tone that I'm trying to convey so start with the cliche in its most basic form and then just adapt it a little bit or maybe a lot to fit with the story that you're trying to tell and to convey the mood that you want to so yeah that's it for interviews this week and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @ivansmith4288 [1 likes]: Always good Simon, for me however questions shouldn't come from a list, better to feed off their answers for your next question. then move to new questions after exhausted it for a period. top advice though as always
  2. @kilbsy [1 likes]: Out of interest, do you have Nd filter gels over your window? The balance is always spot on in the room..
  3. @tahoeturk: Your experience is obvious by your tips. Great job.
  4. @gildiaz4278: Thanks for the good tips.
  5. @BBC.English.: It's really interesting video and full of advices. I was wondering how I could bring an interesting background than a wall in the same time I put him in the middle of the camera. Thanks a lot
  6. @MiteshTake: I was expecting some more examples !
  7. @vesselcollective238: Is this different with making a sports documentary? and you're just one person that does the editing and filming games?
  8. @Falkenroth1: What aspect ratio do like to shoot your interviews in? Looks like cinematic.
  9. @KeirBriscoe: I'm really enjoying your videos. So much good information.
  10. @ImNotCrazystudios: What do you do about jump shots when editing interviews?
  11. @bhagyashreekhairnar683: really good!!
  12. @radik2812: Thank you for the video Simon :)
  13. @LuckyNumber75: Granted this video was posted 3 years ago but I'm curious how old you are. Forgive me if I'm wrong but you don't look to be older than 17 or so, and a lot of the things you're explaining here I learned in college.
  14. @FormigaFit: good job!
  15. @d4nve9a: I'm about to be in a interview soon. Thank you for your informative video
  16. @EllieHeard: Simon, do you generally use a wide angle lens for your interviews?
  17. @Aragundii: I have been looking everywhere for something straight forward  thank you so much
  18. @bigbong.official: The meticulous quality of the video made it incredibly pleasant to watch.
Great tips; well organised and clearly expressed. Good job!
PS: I could not hold a laugh when I saw “oops” as you noticed that your boom was visible.
  19. @edhwin: greetings friend: how to avoid the echo produced in a room, at the time of the interview, it's post or does the micronofo lavalier
  20. @lorenzobosi19: Hi, 
i want to do some interviews for a birthday video
Which kind of background can i use?

- How to Film Yourself at Home for YouTube - Beginners Guide: Kind: captions Language: en having a dedicated YouTube space to film your videos is going to really help with the content creation process I started my YouTube channel back in 2016 and over the years I've made a ton of different styles of content but one of the things that keeps me consistent is having a dedicated space that I can come to flip on the lights hit record on the camera and get going now I want to say a special thanks to you screen for sponsoring this video and I'll talk more about how I use u-screen in a little bit keeping my workflow super simple where I don't have to set up all this lighting and then figure out my camera settings and then figure out the best place for audio and everything else that goes with you know hitting record makes it so that it's just easy to make videos and I think for a lot of niches out there having a dedicated space that you can come back to and just be able to flip on the camera and hit record it's going to make it so much easier to just stay consistent on the platform because one of the ways that you're gonna grow a YouTube channel and build an audience is by being able to have videos on your channel that are an easy format to make and makes it consistent some creators you'll see have the same set for every video that they make and having this dedicated space just makes it so much easier for the process so that you could focus more on the content that you're producing rather than all the technical stuff that you have to do every time you want to press record so in this video we're going to go through all of the different YouTube Studios that I've built since 2016 and my goal is to give you some ideas of how you can convert your space into a place where you could turn on the camera turn on some lights and start recording now this video goes through a ton of aspects around the technical side of putting a studio together and also throughout there's just a lot of good information about the content creation process so we'll first dig into my YouTube Studio that I built in an apartment the second one is one that I built in a detached garage the third one we'll go through is the studio here and the fourth thing that we'll dig into is what I do when I'm not here in my studio now before we get into each one of these Studios I want to tell you about our sponsor which is you screen if you want to become a full-time Creator then you need to build a business around the videos that you're creating and one of the ways that I bring in revenue for my channel is by building courses that I sell on my own website the creatorfilmschool.com which was built on you screen they make it super easy to be able to build a platform to house all of your courses or even just a single course and make it available to purchase rent or put into a membership it's basically an all-in-one platform that gives you the ability to build a business as a Creator and what's cool with you screen is if you want to build a membership you basically can produce your own Netflix Style catalog for the content that you're producing and also with your catalog you have access to building your own community so you can engage with your students you could also do things like live streaming within the platform and be able to keep the conversation going and be able to stay engaged with the people who are are part of your membership or buying your courses now there's also some features that allow you to be able to build your own apps so if you're someone who wants to have a smartphone app or an app on like Roku or Apple TV while you screen gives you that ability to have your own Standalone app and you screen also gives you a ton of marketing features that makes it super easy to run your business all in one place now personally I chose u-screen for my membership because they handle all the payments billing monthly subscriptions and they have easy to use templates that are designed to monetize your videos quick and easily so if you want to launch your business as a video creator I highly suggest checking out you screen I'll include a link Down Below in the description where you could do a free trial and if you want to see how I've used you screen we'll head over to the creatorfilmschool.com you can see how I've built out my whole sales page and then if you click the catalog at the top you can see all of the different videos that I offer and you can purchase some of these courses as a standalone or you could get a membership and have access to everything it's just a really cool and simple way to put all of your paid courses and content in one place and make it super accessible for your members now if you want to build your own website with courses or your own membership platform then make sure you head over to you screen and check out all the options that they have available I'll include a link Down Below in the description to where you can start your free trial right now all right so now let's jump into all the different YouTube Studios that I've built since 2016. in this video we're going through how you build out your YouTube studio so you go from this to something more like this or something more like this so if you want to do more of the artificial lighting with the colors in the background or you want to do more of a daylight Studio I'm going to go through the different things that I do to be able to create my YouTube sets and I have two sets built here in one space so guys if you're new to this channel my name is Jeff and dovey I do a lot of filmmaking tutorials product reviews I also do a lot of YouTube training so make sure you hit that subscribe button and turn on those Bell notifications if you want to learn how to grow your channel and get better using your camera so originally I just had the one set built in this room and it's been evolving over time and that's something that you need to think about when you're going about creating your set that you're going to use for your YouTube videos it's not going to be perfect the first time you set it up and you get going you're going to keep evolving this over time originally I started with my artificial looking set has a lot of colored backgrounds let's just go over there and this set I use all the time to create my online courses to create tutorials but there's a lot of times where I don't want to just be sitting here talking to camera so this is a good setup that I've built for this style of content but when I want to like show a product or I want to be more involved with the things that I'm working on have a little bit wider shot that's why I built the other set with the standing table so you have to kind of think what kind of videos are you going to be creating and that's going to dictate what style of set that you want to build now like I said this is more artificial lighting so I have completely blocked out all of the light in this room and as you can see over here this is my window and so I've put a piece of duvetine across my entire window and that means that all the light in this room I have put in here so everything has a purpose whereas when you go to my other set I'm going to pull this off now I didn't turn off the the colored lights back there but this is more of the natural daylight studio so I used light from the window and then I have one light to fill in my face so I have a nice look on my face so we're going to talk about the lighting and I'm also going to just talk about camera placement audio things like that for this video specifically I'm using a lav mic that's the one that's on my shirt right now and I'm actually just using a little audio recorder so this is my Tascam dr-10 but the dr-10 is an audio recorder and I use this all the time because you can see your levels on it and you can actually just record and then sync it up later in post so I have four cameras going I have one two which are my two cameras I use for my sets I've got my 360 camera back here and then I have a fourth camera and I'm using this just to give you guys some details as I walk around so I can point out specific things and be able to show you guys exactly what I am doing instead of having to cut and you know do some b-roll I'm going to shoot another video on how I create videos faster using multi-caming and that's essentially what I'm doing with this workflow okay so let's get into the set build like I said earlier I have duveteen that is this black material it cuts out all light now duveting is great for covering windows so what I've done is created eyelets on the duvetine and you can see right here I've made these myself and just used a little command strip hook to attach it to the wall for me that makes it super easy so I can just hang this up anytime that I want to put the black on the window and cut out all the light now I've also put up the hooks here on this side and the reason for that is I've done it in the past different backdrops here so I don't have to pull out like stands and I don't have to pull out like a bunch of gear to be able to put up a backdrop and I have a bunch of these cloth backdrops if I wanted to do say like more of a brick background and I've used this for different videos then this works great I put eyelets in this as well and hung it up on the wall so one room can have multiple purposes and I think using your room multi-purpose makes it so that you can have more flexibility in the content that you're shooting I do a lot for my office so I enjoy having the flexibility of building out different sets here now let's talk about lighting so I use an aperture 120d that is my main light right here that provides all of the fill light on your face and so I put that at about a 45 degree angle from the camera so I have my camera my gh5 right in front of me right off to the side is my aperture 120d and you can see that I just have this sitting here and it's always put up I Never Tear this down super easy I put an egg crate on it and what the egg crate does is it focuses the light a little more so if you take the egg crate off what happens is the light floods further around the room so I always use an egg crate so that it focuses more of the light on me less on the background the idea is that you want to create different pools of light so where I'm at this section that's one pool of light and when you're lighting the background you want to think of that as a separate pool of light because you could do different things in the background you could put different colors different exposures you can bring up the ambience bring down the ambience and it will change the feel and the look of how your whole Space works but if you're relying on your one light to do everything or like two lights and this is also controlling your background then it's going to be a lot harder to get the look that you want so I always say independently control your space where your subject is and then your background and try to create two pools of light and that's the easiest way to think about it when it comes to building out like a YouTube set is think in those terms what is the background exposed for that and then expose for your subject you and exposed for that to match the background or be a little bit darker or a little bit brighter however you want that exposure difference to be in your shot and this is something you can start looking at when you're watching other YouTubers is look at their set does their set darker than their subject or is their set brighter are they in a Big Bright open space or is it a very dark space and the subject is lit brighter or are they equal because you could also do that where they match perfectly okay so let's talk about my background I have just these simple strips behind my desk which creates the color of light these are cheap they're like 20 30 bucks and it just changes color based on whatever you want to do so I got a remote here and I can change you know I can change it orange change it purple I can do white so these are good if you want to create pops of color in the background now another way you can do this is using these small lights so this is the vlogger light and the other one that I have which is Illuminating my YouTube Award right now is the pilot fly atom Cube RX1 two good options I actually like both of these lights I like the pilot fly a little bit more for the options that you get in the light however this does come with a nice Mount which allows you to hook it to basically anything so you got to pick your poison what you like better when it comes to this light you can change the colors so I'm going to change to now I got a blue I'm going to put a 100 brightness let's change the color a bit so as you can see I am changing the color so let's say I put this in the background let's go to a bright like pink or something there we go we'll do a purple so now you can create the entire color of your background just using one of these little lights and these things are super powerful so as you can see this two pools of light is working very well because I am still lit properly for the exposure for this camera but I've just added this purplish blue light in the background which is creating the crazy color all over in the background so if you want color either use LED strips or pick up one of these lights and you can change any color so let's see there's pink there's red we got some yellow green so you can really just play around and create whatever color you want and something like this you can literally just throw it on the floor and it illuminates the entire background and as long as you have that separation of the foreground and the background you can create different color effects using this so for me I have my background being a big picture it was on a mirror I don't know why I'm still using this color and you're probably wondering why I just stuck white up here I'm bringing up the general Ambience of the room so if I didn't have this on when I'm sitting over here at my desk it's actually a little bit too dark in the background so I personally like bringing up the ambience a tad so something else to think about is playing with those levels of ambience in the background so let's talk about my backdrop I had two mirrors here originally I got this picture I just got it off Amazon and it fits my brand so you got to think about when you're creating your YouTube Studio what's going to fit your brand so for me Outdoors mountains I do a lot of climbing films if you haven't seen my most recent climbing film I highly suggest you go check that out that fits my brand I do a lot of climbing so I got this it's just a sticker and you can put these on walls you can put these on mirrors anything that's how I created this image gives some nice depth to the background and then my closet which is where I house all my gear this is essentially all of my gear it makes it organized so I can just grab things that I need a bunch of other stuff one of the most important things is a label maker I do use this all the time but instead of having just like a blank background I decided to put my gear back there the idea is to create some depth so instead of just flat walls I'm trying to create more depth in my space so it feels like there's more going on obviously you don't want to have it too cluttered but having some depth so you see this a lot of times people will put gear and stuff in the background you just need to find out what works best for your space for me I had this closet so I built out shelves and I put all my gear on it but you might need to add something into your room like you might need to add some shelving units so that you can add some depth moving upwards because you got to think about it you don't want just things on the ground around you you want to build up as well you want to be able to build out your whole Space so it feels like you're in this environment so that you're hanging out in my space this is like my Creator lab and that's kind of how you want to feel what does your space look like and if you look at someone like Casey neistat he had that space in New York and that was like a mad scientist for creators and so like you really got into his space and you had all this texture and all this depth that was his brand so what is on brand for you what is going to be in the background that fits the content that you're creating all right let's move on to set number two and this is my more Daylight looking set this is where I'm able to have a table in front of me and work with different products I was just shooting a review about this whole gimbal ring my wife decided to print something while I'm shooting but I was just doing a review on this so this is a good space where I can have things laid out in front of me and be able to work with a camera that's a little bit further so this is not an Arms Reach away I'm using a 35 millimeter lens equivalent because I'm on gh5 so it's a 17.5 but I have distance I can't really see the screen over here so what I have is a monitor my atomos Shinobi is great for seeing what's going on over there so I add a monitor so that I don't have to be next to the camera to see Focus exposure all of that this is a quick release that Zion makes Jian however you want to say it and I put these on all of my mounting points so I could just pop these on and off they're metal and they're super easy to attach things like monitors clamps anything they're essentially made for tripods on the bottom of gimbals and that's what I think they were originally intended for but I found that these little clamps are useful all over the studio so anytime you need to mount some something and you don't want to have to screw it all the time you add one of these mounting points it just pops on and off now the way that I've set up audio in this room is that I have a microphone above me now I do this for both of my sets I only have one of these microphones it's the next thing I need to add is another mic so I have two that essentially allows me to have the mic at the perfect position above my head I use the Sennheiser mic these things sound really good and you can see the difference here's the sound of the lavalier and now here is the sound of the mic overhead and over there it's a little bit better with terms of Reverb because I'm not projecting out into the room are you coming in okay come say hi hi so I'm explaining I'm explaining how my room is set up so do you want to give an explanation can you pause and I need him to take care of something real quick now something else that I do and you could see this over here I have some more stands laying around out in the background here I got another c-stand here and I have these stands laying around so that I can do more in this space like if I want to put a camera above I can rig it up so that I can have a top-down shot so having some different pieces on hand makes it easier so that if you're like hey I need to grab this shot you have the gear sitting around you can grab it and get your shot the same reason I have my closet set up in this way where I have all the gear accessible everything's labeled so that I can just grab gear do my shoot throw it back and I'm not spending tons and tons of time fumbling with gear because over time it does get frustrating so in terms of lighting in this daylight space I use an aperture 120d I'm telling you these lights with these small softbox on the egg crate that is like the best light I've found for this style of creating content you don't need that huge soft box the small one works you're just Illuminating one person and then you use other lights to bring in some other lighting around your space the 120d is lighting for me the lighting in the background is all from my window so I play with my blinds and the different amount of light and I use my blinds to control how much light I want in the background so more of a daylight looking studio and if you have a space where you get direct sunlight coming into your room maybe you have the sun peeking through your blinds and it creates a nice pattern on the back wall use that to your advantage because having some texture in the background with lighting looks really good so look at ways that you can use the natural sunlight to bring some texture into the background now one thing that you want to avoid is just putting yourself in front of a window and then having the background fall to Black now that is a great way to get started and just illuminating your face because when you stand at a window it's going to give you the best looking light it's going to give you light looking like this however if you just have the light fall off to Black in the background it just doesn't look that good this is a great place to start however this is much harder to control than if you are to illuminate yourself using lighting and then controlling your background by bringing up the ambience or bringing down the ambience and so that's why I don't use Windows to light myself weather conditions change the look changes and so that's why I like to use my 120ds to control the light on me and then if I have anything in the background I'm going to use my blinds or the other lighting that I have to control that so when it really comes down to it there's a few things that you need to think about when you're creating your YouTube set one is your brand what is your brand and does your set show off your brand the second thing to think about is lighting and think about it in two pools of lighting so front pool back pool and you don't have to be super crazy with the lighting that you're using I use one light frontal to light me and then I use some different lights in the background to give it some texture to give it something a little bit different so think colored lights if you like that look or think using a window or another small light to bring up the ambience in this video we're going to go through how I turned my garage into a full YouTube Studio I went from this to this and also I've created all of these different looks out of this space now I have a little Special Assistant today because someone is on a nap strike so are you going to show them the studio all right guys let's get into it [Music] so last November we moved from our apartment into a house and on the property is this garage so I thought it would be the perfect spot to build out a studio however when we moved in this was completely unfinished the way [Applause] we got the master insulator here this is my father he's helping me build out my studio yo yo buddy you got some extra foam in here yeah I got some right there for you yeah I've had a ton of you ask me about this backdrop and I'll explain kind of how I came up with this idea my storage over here my workspace over here and then you know we're going to talk about what's coming next because after I finish recording this video I have to tear all of this down so she's clearly interested in this giant screen that I have right so I guess one of the key things let me turn this camera on so one of the key things that comes to having a space like this is you know being able to see yourself and I've always thought that having a big monitor makes it so much easier to create content so this is actually a ViewSonic computer monitor you know these are super good for doing like color grading and all of that I actually did a video about this monitor specifically and instead of using it for my computer I'm using it for playback so I have my camera over there my playback here so that I can see myself on a massive screen and be able to you know see Focus color exposure nice burp all right it's time to go get some food for this little one I'm gonna go drop her off okay well it's not food time yet so she's gonna hang out with me a little longer so the cameras that I'm shooting on are the Panasonic gh5 one over there one right here and sometimes I use a third and you can see from these three shots I'll set up different looks around my studio with moving cameras so this is kind of standard I have my setup over here I have enough separation where I can you know shoot so I have some depth back here and this goes out of focus you know with the micro four thirds you definitely need to get yourself further away from the camera so for audio what I'm using is I guess let me back this up hold on so I use a Sennheiser mic and it has a pattern where it gets very good audio right here it's not a super long shotgun mic it's actually a stubby and the reason is I'm only talking in this space so I want clean audio here I don't need to get audio over there use a shotgun mic to get our audio further away now if I'm doing something where I'm walking around the studio I'll put my camera on a switch pod I'll walk around and I'll use just a rode shotgun mic on top sometimes I'll do wireless mic but when I'm in the studio you know I've tried to make this as soundproof as possible so I just use mics on top of cameras and I generally get good sound anywhere I go in this space now one thing that I found that's really cool about working in the studio space is the ability to shoot in different spots around here so sometimes I'll put the camera down low on the ground over there sometimes I'll put it in different corners but you can create a ton of different looks if you just think of the studio as a whole I have my set here that I enjoy creating from and this is a great spot to do like reviews anything with a computer like this is a good standing set but having this kind of geodome design that I've built it allows me to kind of like put myself down into the space I can be in different corners and this becomes like a focal point so what a geodome is is like a structural thing that you build and what's really cool about this setup is that I built this from like a pre-made kind of kit Corners that you see is a plastic little attachment and it has five or six places where you can attach these wooden dowels now how you use these is you put them in a certain pattern and it ends up building a full Dome now for me what I did because I needed to build like kind of a three wall set to be able to shoot into I just built half the Dome and then I attached it to the ceiling so if you look up here I've just attached it to the roof and then all of this background material that I've used is just a fabric that I found on Amazon so these are just little fabric pieces and I've just staple Gundam to the different wooden dowels and that's how I made my backdrop now the idea behind this backdrop was that I wanted something kind of Adventure related I didn't want to just do what everyone else does with colored lights I wanted to do something that kind of encompasses the bigger thing that I want to do which is create a venture style film so I wanted to create something that has that feeling and the geodome even though it's not something you see all the time it is something that you do see in more like outdoor style of structure it's a pretty cool structure idea and when you see houses and Tents built in this way they look great I thought for a studio this would be cool so for you guys don't just go and like make a geodome but think through where does your content fit like what is your style Beyond just being like maybe filmmaker or photography like that's something that you do what kind of feeling do you actually want to give your viewers when they're watching your videos I want to stay in that Adventure realm and that's something that you know if you watch my last video I was talking about how I started a second YouTube channel that's going to be all just Adventure films and that's because that is something that I do outside of this channel this channel gear tutorials reviews YouTube education like it's great but it's not everything that I do okay so let's talk about lighting in this space I have my main key light back that is my aputure 120d Mark II I'm a big fan of the mark II's they're great I actually have the aputure 120d mark one up top there that's a hair light and what I have on both of these is the small softbox I use the small softbox with the egg crate so I can focus in the soft light a little bit better now I like using the aperture lights because I can dial everything in on a remote so I have this little remote and I could turn things on and off oh sorry about that my uh daughter just spit up all over me do I have it on me it's okay if you've noticed the last probably three months of videos You'll see spit up here and there kind of all over it's just it's part of having a four month old so for lighting sometimes you'll see that this backdrop I'll light in different ways whether it's color or just light so recently I've been doing more of this kind of style where I just use these cam TV strip lights now these are amazing because not only are they super bright they're four feet you can use them in so many different ways but you also get like any color that you want so you want to use them to change up your background color you can make them blue red any color and I have eight of these I actually bought them for a shoot that I did for my client work I was able to do some really cool stuff with red light and texture in the background and you can put them all on a controller that's where I was at before my daughter spit up on me controller let's just turn these off so this is just my set with no background light this is my key light my aperture 120d Mark II and the one up top my aperture 120d mark one and I can control them all from this remote now I also have this setup where I have the background on these lights as well so I have in each of these triangles a light up top and you can see it right there it's up there those are two more aperture lights and they're the light storm just the bars they're great for you know just background lights and just they're good lights to work with originally what I thought was I wanted to do these two window designs I wanted to create more depth and this is something that you guys can do in your Studios at home create more depth try not to push yourself up against a wall try not to put yourself in a corner what you want to do is have some separation so my idea behind this was to build this set the geodome and have these windows where you can kind of see through so that was kind of my idea behind the studio now it's evolved and it's changed and the reason that I haven't done this video is because I keep evolving the studio and I wasn't completely satisfied with it and this brings up a good point when it comes to building out a studio I think you need to have more of a plan before you go and just start putting things in the space whether it's a spare bedroom it's a garage you actually have a space dedicated to shooting you really want to think through your brand and then you also want to think through how you're going to use the space I've found after building this space and after using it I am much more fluid in the way that I shoot I don't just have one spot that I want to sit at all the time now in my old Studio I had a spot that I sat in and that was like my spot that I sat I didn't really change it up I did start adding a secondary standing position and then when I had more space when I had this garage I realized that I I just like shooting in all angles and I love just like moving around so the next space that I'm going to build I'm actually going to really think through the entire layout 360 and actually light the entire space as if it's one whole set so that I could put the camera here I could put the camera here I put the camera here and so you need to think through your style of shooting and how you want to use the space are you someone that wants just one dedicated space do you want just like a simple backdrop a gray a blue a pink you know one spot or are you someone that's going to be more fluid and moving something to really think about before you actually go through and build a set because when you build like a three wall set like this and you're really kind of married to that and that's all you can do because you know when you get to the edges it's not as pretty as you can see like around this it doesn't look that good all right let's turn these cam TV lights back on they do have different styles of Cam TV lights now I just have these on a simple light stand and you know I can move them all around the studio depending on where I need them so I either put them on the ground and shoot up put them on the sides but having this table back here is a great place for me to do product work so every time I'm shooting like a product and I want to get some b-roll this is like my place to get b-roll and I you know depending on where I put it in my backdrop I can create some really cool looking effects and when you marry this with some movement so I use a jib one in my studio which jib ones are a great tool to be able to get moving style shots and I've found that in a studio space like this having a jib one is awesome now they're not the most versatile tools in the world like and they're actually kind of cumbersome to work with but when you put them on a solid tripod and you put them on Wheels they're amazing to work with in a studio so let me just show you since we're over here my storage solution I just have two of these silver wire racks and I've put on one side of them the egg crate to dampen the sound a little bit but these are all on Wheels and I can shift them around and use these two sides with the sound proofing on it to create less Echo I haven't really used it that much but it was a good idea when I made it ton of egg crates to store all of my stuff and it's super easy if I'm here in the studio or I go out on a client shoot I just fill my van with a ton of these egg crates grab a cart makes it super easy to use gear here and also use gear out in the field all right let's talk about wheels so these are just a set of wheels that you can put your stands on your lights on cameras on these are what I put at the bottom of my jib one and what this allows me to do is just shift stuff around the studio and I have these set of wheels on everything in my studio so if it's my monitor I can wheel my monitor where I want my monitor to be able to see myself I can wheel it anywhere so if I'm using the jib one I can wheel it to different spots whether I'm doing products or I want to put the jib one over here and do some behind the scenes style shooting easy to wheel around with something like this with everything being on Wheels I just wheel it into space wherever I want it flip it on and start shooting that's been one of the biggest things about having this dedicated space is being able to flip on cameras and just start rolling instead of having to set up everything every time I have to go shoot so if you don't want something like these big long bar lights I highly suggest getting some of these these are just little RGB lights and you could use them to light up background elements these are what I've used in my old Studio this is what I'm using in this studio as well and they're great to add some extra hits of light on different elements in the background whether it's like you know a bookshelf having some light just hit that or it's just like one element you know having individual lights to hit different things around your studio it's going to help make your lighting look that much more dynamic okay over here is my workbench and this is one of those husky just tool chests but this is great to store like film equipment I have lenses in here I have tools I have everything that I need to create my content and this is just a space that I come to like clean my lenses this is all my lens cleaner stuff away so this is where I come to work on different camera gear and you know clean things play with things work with things this is different than my space over there because I never have to worry about shooting over here this is just a dedicated workbench and it's good to have a space that you can just work so that if you want to like play around with different camera gear you want to set things up having a space like this is helpful and these husky just tool chests become invaluable to creators I think my next space I'm going to buy more of this style of product and actually build out an entire work area where I could just put batteries on to charge so I don't ever have to pull out Chargers I just have a space that come boom put all my Chargers and go and that's one thing I was gonna build in this space but I'm moving so um you know I didn't fully build out the studio to the full extent that I wanted to and also it's extremely hot in here I don't know if you're seeing the sweat drip down yet I guess now is a good time to mention that we insulated the garage but it didn't actually keep it cool I put an AC unit in there and just in the California heat in the summer it just does not stay cool and I apologize for the mess back here I am packing right now I'm about to move so it's just a cluttered camera gear everywhere and I'm shooting this right now on prores Raw on the Z cam so this is probably going to be a ridiculous file size but got to test out this camera and see what it's all about and that's one thing I've never had an air-conditioned studio in the entire time of building this channel so I've had this channel four years now and all of those spaces whenever it's summer that I'm shooting if you're seeing me dripping sweats because I don't have AC I'm shooting right now at 10 A.M I'm trying to get this done before this just turns into a sauna so one area that doesn't get a whole lot of attention is my gym setup so I have my kettlebells I have my weights I have my rower kind of all sits in the corner because when I open the garage then it allows me to go out there and work out and that's just part of the studio so I built this little corner over here I've got two chairs I've got my rug this is where I do my live streaming from I don't do a ton of live streaming but when I do I have this set up so down here I have my Blackmagic live stream connection and I could put my laptop here and just go for it and it's all set up where I just plug in and go these racks are super invaluable for creators and I use racks all the time whether it's in my editing setup or it's here in the garage in my office I have an entire rack set up that has everything I need for editing and I can just plug in my laptop when I'm in my studio I like just being able to flip on cameras and let them roll and give myself the freedom to mess up and give myself the freedom to do things over and over again and play around and not have to worry so much about you know what's going on around me when you have a studio when you have a dedicated space where not getting interrupted it allows you to just be more creative and play around I come out here sit in my chairs and this is my place just to think and work through ideas and and be my base camp for the bigger Adventures that I want to go out and do and that's why I called this base camp like I've mentioned it a few times in my videos but this is essentially my space it's my base camp and if you can find a dedicated space in your house in your apartment that is just yours for creating content it's going to make things so much easier when it comes to the whole process and being able to put out weekly videos or two videos a week or whatever your consistency is having space that you can go back to and make it your own is super important and I highly suggest you know go make your own space and make it really fit you there's a lot that went into this and this is like I said this is a stepping stone this is my last day after I finish editing this video and do all the b-roll I'm going to tear all this down and I'm going to start over welcome to my YouTube studio now in this video I want to break down exactly how I built this studio to be the perfect space to film my videos when I'm here in my office but also be a place where I can work on my scripts and do all of my editing so I'm going to show you everything that I use here in my office to make it super simple to be able to flip on the camera and start recording so what we're going to go through is my entire camera setup that I use my editing setup and then just generally how I set up this room to be a good place to be able to just make content and be a creative space now the space that works for me doesn't necessarily work for you but I just want to give you a look inside Myspace maybe I'll give you some ideas of things that you can do for your creative space so this is just a spare bedroom in my house my daughter is on the other side of this wall watching Toy Story right now and I can kind of hear it but you actually can't hear it at all because it's so so low all I'm here is a little now in terms of space let's measure this out so the actual dimensions are about 9 by 14 feet not the biggest space in the world it's definitely a little bit longer but in terms of width it's pretty narrow but what I've done is I've made the most out of this space and so as we walk to this end you can see that I have my whole set back here and that faces towards this door which I've left this natural light coming through I like the way this looks with the natural light coming through and so I have my set down there my editing set up here and then I have a closet so first let's break down this set this is just a cheap table from Amazon as you can hear it's kind of squeaky this is just something that I could easily move around and it's a good place to sit at show a couple things here on the desk but it's not overly big it's basically just used for my set now in terms of what I have set up here is I have one light that's at a 45 degree angle and this light is an aperture 60x with a small softbox on it so the light is a little bit more focused on me and doesn't spill as much into the background and because I'm so far this way in the room when I'm hitting myself with the light the shadow kind of falls down that way so you're not seeing it on any walls or anything like that I wanted to create separation and make a pool of light here and then a pool of light back there now the second light that I'm using is one up on the ceiling and this I just mounted on the wall probably not the best light for this situation but I think it gives me some extra ambient light and it gives me a nice Rim so it gives me a little bit more of that separation now I don't use a fill light I just have my key my hair and then I just have some background lights and so for my background what I'm using is two aperture MCS those are what are colored in the background and I can change those to be basically any color and I like just having a small hit of color in the background whether that's an orange teal look or right now I have just a teal look the last Light that I use is that bar light that you see back there it's just a practical light which means that it's a light that you use in the shot so it's another one of these bar lights and I just have it turned down to like 10 percent and the reason that I'm using that light is to match those other bars of Light which are in the back now these bars way back here are my doors and this is actually just some curtains with a little bit of light spilling around the edges you see when I pull this out a lot more light comes in and instead of closing this off and making it a complete blackout Studio I actually like the look of These Bars and I just added this additional bar on the side and so in terms of lighting I use a little bit of natural light I don't use a lot it's just those bar in the background but I let that spill in and then I add these additional lights my key my hair the two colored lights and the one tube light and my goal is just to make it look more Dynamic and look like the space is bigger than it is and for audio I use the rode ntg4 and that's sitting right above me you can see it right here I just have it on this arm that comes right over the desk and so whenever I sit down here I have my audio my light and I could just hit record on the camera and start recording now the camera that I'm using is the a7s Mark III now this is probably overkill for an office camera I could get away with something much cheaper and much smaller but I use two a7s Mark III's to make all my videos and when I'm home I just put one over here so I use this one here when I'm out and if I need a second camera I'll bring my other one with me but I shoot everything on two Sony a7s Mark III's now the rode is an XLR microphone so I have the Sony XLR adapter on top of my a7s Mark III and I'm using house power so I have a battery adapter in my a7s Mark III all of this is plugged into the wall so I never have to worry about batteries when it comes to my camera I can just flip it on and start recording now I use this app that allows me to see myself on my phone so I'm monitoring myself I can record I can start and stop the record here on my phone and I usually just have this sitting right out of frame but what ties all of this together and makes it so that it's super clean is this one pole that I have that is the setup that everything sits on so this is called a gear tree and I think this really made my whole design work together so cohesively and that's because everything is mounted to this one pole I have a pole it's not drilled into anything it just uses tension from the ground to the ceiling and it just holds everything on the singular Pole now from here you can build out whatever you want and so there's so many different attachments whether it's a lighting attachment an audio attachment and just things like these bars that you can attach things like cameras or like I'm using here this is my hat rack but you can completely change everything about this and I got this system back in probably November of last year and I've been using it ever since and as soon as I started using this system it just made everything so much easier because I don't have to have like a tripod on the ground I don't have to have light stands I don't have to have an extra boom arm on another c-stand everything is on this one stand and you can even add more to this and they have options that just hook on the side of your desk as well but for my this is what works great for me and I could keep adding to this if I want additional accessories that work for this setup and in terms of cables I just run all my cables on the back side of the pole I use some velcro and I have a power outlet down there so it just makes it super simple this is like one of the best parts of this space and what helps me make it a more minimalist design and having a minimalist setup is something that is super important to me so as a Creator I don't like lots of mess and I don't like just having things cluttered everywhere for me I like to have things super clean and super minimal so just the few pieces of gear that I need to be able to make my videos and work in my space I try to keep this space as clean as possible basically everything here has a function and is used and I could easily clutter up the space with a lot of additional things and keep cameras out and different parts but for me what I found is that when I'm working in this kind of creative writing editing space I want to just have it super minimal and so that's what I've done with everything in this space now trying to get better audio in this space because it is pretty echoey with these walls on the ceiling I have a bunch of acoustic foam I just lined my ceiling with it and then then down here on the ground I have carpet and between the acoustic foam and the carpet it definitely helps dampen the sound so when I'm filming in my desk over there I just pushed this big chair out of the way and I use this plasticy chair that was from a shoot for my production company and it just it's easier because I don't like the look of the big chair with the headrest when I'm on that space doing my a-roll but for here at my desk this is you know I like having one of these bigger chairs just more comfortable but the main focus that I built this entire Studio around is this desk and my editing setup so I use a two monitor system I have a big curved Monitor and then I have another flat monitor up top here and I went with the Stacked monitors for a few reasons one is when I'm editing in Final Cut I can see my timeline super long here on the bottom and then what I do in the top is I make it full screen so there is nothing on the screen besides my image so this just gives me a better way to see my videos when I'm editing them and also when it comes time to color grade this is a color accurate monitor so this is what I use for all of my color grading and I just like the ability to have a bigger monitor that I could see my image full screen whenever I'm working on a project rather than being just a corner of the screen as a whole and for keyboard mouse I use a Logitech keyboard and mouse it's all Bluetooth hooked into my computer which you're probably wondering where my computer is my computer is actually in the closet and I'll show you that whole setup in a second but I put everything in the closet so that all you see here at the desk is keyboard mouse monitors and then my two studio monitors for audio and these are Mackie HR 824s they're just good studio monitors to hear my audio super clean and then I have my little Ikea plant gotta have the Ikea little grassy plant I don't know how long I've had this thing but a little pop of green in the corner I guess the last thing is daily stoic it's a book I read every day and it's just here so I can grab it whenever I need it and how the monitors are set up is that there's a single pole attached to my desk and both the monitors are on that pole I'm going for this completely minimal design so I want to have the least amount of stands the least amount of cables and everything is just tidied up nice and neat all the cables for this setup are underneath the desk and they're actually going through the wall so I punched a hole through the wall and punched it into the closet and that's where my whole computer setup is now two things that I think are super useful one just have some power ports right here with some USB power so if I ever need to just charge something quick just working with something maybe a new camera and just put it right here on the desk and charge it and this little drawer which has pens and adapters and anything else so this is my whole computer setup I run everything off a 14 inch MacBook Pro so my setup is fairly simple I have a rack case in here where I put everything in this rack case and then on top of it sits my laptop and the reason I did it this way is because I wanted to just be able to pull out a few cables grab the laptop and go and then when I get home I just set the laptop in plug in a few cables and then I could sit down and start editing so I've thought through this setup and I've done a bunch of different iterations and it might not look the cleanest but it does work super well so how it works is the 14 inch MacBook Pro I have three usbcs on this MacBook Pro and an HDMI out the one HDMI out goes to one of these two monitors now the usbcs go to a few different things I have two different eight Bay hard drive raid systems this one up top here that is my main edit drive that I work off of for my whole library of footage anything new that I'm working working on just stays on the laptop I have a four terabyte hard drive in my laptop so whatever project is current I could just leave it on the hard drive and then move it to this raid when I'm done with it but if I ever need to dig into Old footage which is something that I do all the time in my videos it all lives on this one raid system this is a 98 terabyte hard drive now I have a second one of these down here and that one is left as individual drives and so for my production company I'm constantly swapping drives in and out going back into my archive and grabbing different things and also I'm just always backing up footage so everything that's on this master 98 terabyte hard drive also has a backup somewhere else because you never want a single point of failure and yes a raid is redundant to a degree like this one is a RAID 5 so I have a single hard drive failure but the issue is if that drive fails and then another Drive fails well then I'm screwed so basically I have this raid set up as just a huge drive that I could use at any point it it is secure to a degree but I do make backups of everything and I keep that off-site somewhere else now to add additional ssds when I'm editing I have a single Thunderbolt 3 down here where I can add on small ssds and then I also have a blackjet tower now this blackjet Tower is super useful because all of these cartridges are swappable right now you can see I have six SD card readers and that's when I'm doing a production with my production company I can put all six cards in at once set them all up to transfer on hedge and then it just all goes and it all gets verified the super easy way to deal with a ton of footage without having to sit there and monitor it all however I could also swap these out and put ssds in all of these drives so I have these ssds which I could swap in and out if I need additional fast hard drives to work off of so depending on what the project is if I need some fast ssds well I could use these and put them in and out of the blackjet system or I could use portable ssds and hook them to my Thunderbolt 3 down there so a lot of different options for memory three and it just makes it easy so I could plug in anything at any time and then the last USBC Port that I have on my laptop hooks up to a dock that's where I could plug in some USB a ports and I also have another monitor out that goes to the second Monitor and then of course up top I have my super expensive YouTube counter I just keep it up there it pops up every thousand subscribers and then on top of that I have a couple shelves so I have some tools some hard drives and then I have my whole setup that I use for voice over work when I'm doing my story pieces or if I just need to use voiceover in any of my videos so this is what I use for voice over work I have my zoom classic h4n I've had this thing since College I mean this thing is ancient still works great and I plug in an XLR I have my rode pod mic and then I just have this little set of acoustic foam it's a little Cove so I could sit here and I could do some audio for voice over work I like just having an easy system to be able to sit here and do some recording I've thought about actually putting this whole setup onto my pole and making it all in one but it's not that hard to pull this out and just have my voice over or if I'm not shooting any a-roll over here I'll just keep this on my desk and just keep it here so that I can come over and do some different voiceover work if that's something that I'm working on now I have this other window here and I got these blackout Shades so if I do want light in here I can open these up and I can bring in some additional light but I also have the same blackout Shades up here so if I don't want to have this look of these bars in the background well what I could do is bring down these blackout Shades and then I could just black out the entire room typically I don't really do that these work fine but if I'm working on something where I want no light in this room well then I'll just pull down this Blackout Shade and it completely blacks out the room I think it's always good wherever you're setting up your YouTube studio is you have the option to be able to Black it out if you really need to just control the light and not have any light spilling into the space Also over here I have my fake plant which is great for some green and some background elements and then of course my hundred thousand YouTube award sits right up there as well now on the bottom of my rack I have backup power so if the power goes out in the neighborhood well I can have about two to three hours of power still on these hard drives which allows me to just close up projects get things done and turn every everything off when I close this it actually cuts out all the sound of all those hard drives and it's silent in this room all I have is my AC unit which AC is super important so I installed a little AC unit up here in the corner the actual compressor is outside but when I was in my old Studio back in my apartment years ago I had no AC I was on the third floor and I just was always shooting videos and just dripping sweat and drying off and I told myself I would never have a space without proper AC again and we have AC in our house however I got a separate unit just for this room so that I can completely control temperature so that when I'm filming I'm not sitting here dripping sweat no matter what it is outside now another thing that I like to have is a white board I like to have a big white board this is one that's on wheels that can move around and it's got two sides so I could flip it so when I'm working on a story project I can wheel my whiteboard over here and it could be right next to my desk and I could be doing some writing I could be scripting out things that could be trying to plot out what's going on while also working on the edit so I could very easily move around this space and just be able to have a space where I can write anything notes and just put it up physically in a big area so that I can work on my projects when I'm working on stories a lot of times I like to just write down a bunch of different notes and having a whiteboard just makes it so that I can get off my computer because I don't always like just sitting on the computer for everything I like having notes physically in front of me and instead of using like paper on my desk I like to use the big whiteboard now to fill this wall because it was just a blank gray wall for a while I just have a few drone shots that I've taken these are canvas prints that were 30 bucks on some deal and I just swapped these out once in a while for different photos just kind of brings some life to this room especially this big gray wall and the reason that it's this color gray is this is a film neutral gray it's a special paint so when you're doing color grading the gray behind is not reflecting any color not an orange tin or a blue tint so you can see your colors accurately on the monitor so I just painted the whole room this color and it works well for filming and editing so the good thing about this setup on the pole here is that like my microphone I could just push up out of the way the light I could just push out of the way so it's all super movable so I could get over here into the corner so when I'm not filming I just have these things pushed up out of the way camera back and so I have complete space I don't have anything on the ground that's obstructing where I'm going and I have these two husky shelves these are work shelves for like tools but they work great for camera gear as well I have a little charging station here I think six charging ports USB and my iPad here I have some air pods right now but if I need to charge anything this is a little station that I have set up over here I have my aperture MCS I have a ton of memory cards and just some things that I need access to all the time a lint roller which I have out to roll off my black shirts because I feel like there's always stuff on my black shirts and I have it out to remind myself to actually do it and then I forget to do it and then I have a chair for visitors I have my Robot vacuum cleans it nicely in this space and then I have a drum so if I ever get bored of editing I could sit here and play My Drum and that's it super simple and minimal that's how I like it when I'm in my creative space but this is the perfect creative YouTube office for me and hopefully this will give you some ideas on things that you can do in your space that could work for you all right so now that we've gone through all of my different YouTube Studios the last thing I want to dig into is what I do when I'm outside my studio a lot of the content that I produce I'll go outside I'll go on a hike or I'll be out traveling and shooting a video and in those moments I need to be able to make this happen without making it a huge process to set up everything and so I don't bring a ton of extra lighting I don't bring a ton of extra gear to do these types of a-roll videos when I'm away from my office so there's five things that we'll go through that's really going to help you when you want to shoot and you're in the outdoors now number one is lighting so when I'm working outside the key things that I'm looking for is Sun position so if the sun's in the sky and it's right overhead well it's not going to look that good you're gonna have these weird shadows on your face it's just not going to be that flattering I typically try to shoot my a-roll closer to Sunrise or Sunset if possible so the sun is lower in the sky this allows you to be able to put yourself in a position where you could have the sun kind of lighting you like this play this kind of at a 45 degree angle or you could even do more of a side light and be able to create more definition with your face so that it's not just fully in Black if the sun's behind you or fully in the sun if the sun's right in front of you or you know right up above where the Shadows are going down and you have these big raccoon eyes so ideally when you're working with the sun you just want it a little bit lower in the sky and you want to put it at a 45 or kind of a side light and that's going to give you the best look to be able to just create some interest in your shot now if you want more Beauty lighting well you're going to want to keep it at a 45 degree angle like this light here so that you have a nice fill on your face and also you want to think of your background so whenever you're shooting outside the key is finding an interesting background that's going to complement whatever you're shooting you don't want to just put yourself up against a brick wall rather find some area that has depth so that you could use this location to your advantage and really play around compositions to make it interesting so that your a-roll has more Flair than just you against a wall somewhere now if you're shooting in more of a cloudy situation well it's going to work to your advantage because clouds typically have nice soft light so it's going to make everything look better on camera and one thing to note though when it is cloudy the sun still does have a position somewhere in the sky and it might be brighter over here versus over here and so when you're shooting in clouds you still want to think about where the sun is and where the brightest part of the sky is and angle yourself towards that brighter part of the sky it's just going to make for a better looking shot because you'll have more contrast rather than just a completely flat face now the other thing that you could do is find shade because you don't have all these hard Shadows that are casted from direct sunlight rather you could position yourself to the opening where the sun is and be able to use that as a key light as if it's like a big giant key light so we got the Shaded spot and you can see as soon as you get out of that sun like look how harsh that is as soon as you get in the shade with the sun coming in from the sides it just has so much much better look yeah you could also use Reflections off buildings or anything that's brighter in the place that you're at to be able to act as that big key light that you use in your studio but one word of caution when it comes to reflective light if the building say is yellow or red well it's going to reflect that color back on you as well now the second thing that's important is your audio there's two ways that I do audio when I'm out away from my office the first is a shotgun microphone I just use a shotgun microphone on top of my camera and I typically put a windscreen on that because I don't want to hear any wind sounds or any breeze so I just want to have it as clean as possible so if I'm shooting with this kind of a framing on a wider lens then I'll use a shotgun microphone however I also do videos where I step away from camera and for those I'll use the DJI mic and that's just a little wireless mic that goes right here on my chest I'll either put it on my backpack or I'll put it on my shirt or even under my shirt and that allows me to step away from camera so whenever I'm more than an arm stretch away I'll use the DJI bike so that I could get anywhere I want and be able to use any different lenses that I want when I was recently in India shooting a documentary there was a lot of moments where I wanted to get away from camera to be able to show the scene that we're in but still be able to have these conversations on camera that you would be able to hear and be able to be a part of and so a lot of those situations we're using a DJI mic just so that we could get away from camera so use the microphones that make sense for the situation that you're in if you just want to use something like a wireless mic the whole time and not even think about a shotgun mic you could do that or you could switch between shotgun and wireless depending on where you are in position to your camera now the third thing you need to think about is your camera and your lens so when I'm shooting a-roll and I want to do kind of Vlog style where I'm holding the camera well my favorite lens is a 20 millimeter for Vlog style content I don't personally like the look of the 16 millimeter so I found the focal length that I like is a 20 millimeter and so I'll use the 20 millimeter if I'm ever hand holding the camera doing Vlogs or if I'm just talking the camera and I put the camera on a tripod it's a good distance to be able to use that shotgun microphone and not have to worry about a wireless mic because even though a wireless mic is good there is still instances where it might not work perfectly so having a shotgun mic makes it just super easy to shoot and you don't even really have to think about much when you're doing this kind of Vlog style content however if I'm getting away from camera and I want to have a wider shot or I just want to show a different style of composition I might use something like a 35 or even a 50 millimeter and in those situations I'm going to use the wireless mic to be able to capture my audio and also having that lens is going to give you a completely different feel if you're doing a-roll where you're just talking a camera like this putting it on a 50 is going to look really nice especially if you're shooting wide open you have a shallow depth of field now you could also close down your aperture and see what's going on in the background depending on the type of content you're producing so if you're talking about a location it might not be good to make it super shallow and out of focus and actually might be really good to see what's going on back there because of the content that you're producing and that brings me to the fourth thing that you need to think about when you're outside office and that is how you're shooting so as I've said earlier I do some Vlog and I do some on tripod you want to make sure that you're not just hand holding the camera and vlogging everything because that doesn't necessarily always look the best you want to put the camera on a tripod when possible and start playing around more with compositions and seeing what's in the background that's why I like to use wireless mics get away from camera and use some longer lenses because it's going to give a different feel than just always having a wide lens and walking around and vlogging a lot of times if it's just a tip video say I'm doing 10 tips for drone flying well instead of doing all Vlog or all on a tripod I'll mix it up so I might do one tip on a tripod the next tip I'll walk around and Vlog next tip I'll build on tripod with a different background different lens that way it breaks up the video and it has just more of an interesting visual style than all being one style so something to think about is breaking up that visual narrative and playing around with some Vlog style and also some on the tripod just because when you're outside the office it is fun to be able to move around put the camera in different locations and also change up how the camera is moving in relation to you and the last thing to think about is your color profile when you're out filming whenever I'm here in my office I just typically use cinetone that's just a color profile that Sony has built into a lot of their cameras and it just has a clean look out of camera this is a cine tone and the reason that I use just a standard look here in my office is that while I control all of the lighting so if something's too bright in the background well I can dim it so that it works for this and that way I don't really have to do any color grading or add a lot when I'm here at my office however when I go outside I'm always shooting in log and the reason for that is I want to be able to control my highlights and my shadows and be able to create a look out of the scene that I'm filming in if I use just a standard profile a lot of times the sky is going to get blown out you can't do anything with it it's just not going to look that good personally when I'm shooting outside the office I'm Outdoors there's bright Sun there's clouds I'm always is shooting in s-log and then from there I'm either adding a Lut onto that footage or I go through and make a color grade for that specific video shot in that location and color grading really comes down to the kind of look that you want out of your footage and you can really change it up depending on the style of content that you're producing if you want to learn more about color grading I'll put a course Down Below in the description that goes through all of the color grading tools that you can use and how you can create your own creative color grid when you're out filming now I know that was a ton to unpack in all of this video however if you want to learn more about shooting outdoor content in nature well make sure you check out this video right here it goes through 26 different tips on how to shoot outdoor style content and a lot of this will be really helpful if you just want to flip on the camera and hit record wherever you're at alright I'll see you over there

  Top Comments:
  1. @JevenDovey [1 likes]: See the USCREEN website I've built to teach you how to be a Creator: https://geni.us/JBQq9m
  2. @sailingmorningstar4036 [1 likes]: We need tools to turn our passion into reality - thanks so much Jeven for making it so.
  3. @letsgobrazil26: Hey Jeven, I  wish you would come to Brazil for a few days and help us set up our office with cameras and lighting!  Any chance you would come?
  4. @HTVDOCENT: Great video Jeven, what colour do your studio walls have? That type of grey is a great match with your rgb’s. Hope to hear,  greetings from The Netherlands 🙏🏻
  5. @shilohbell1573: Gah! Cutest baby!
  6. @ashley_parchment: Setting up in my living room.  Thank you for the help! Also "Can you pause? I need him to take care of something real quick." LOL
  7. @GadgetsGearCoffee: Thank you for making this and the other long format full fledge videos with tons of values!
  8. @hamiltonramostech: Awesome. This is a masterclass!  Thanks. Subscribed.
  9. @jasonkoh: Thank you so much for this Jeven! Man I love seeing your journey through this video - thats amazing. Love the style of the new studio and hearing your thought process to get everything working smooth and eliminating areas of friction. The amount of work and effort put into those studios is mind blowing but something I'm really going to start thinking about soon. Thank you  brother
  10. @alannajm: How could this get any dislikes?? such valuable information for free!!   Thank you Jeven ^-^
  11. @old_man_handsome: Wow! thk u
  12. @AndrewEST87: Can you pause hahaha
  13. @Spexforlife: I have a four-month-old right now, relate to the spit up. :D Nice video!
  14. @BigRollextv: Thank you for the information 🙏🏾 Where did you get that drum?
  15. @RNTULexplores: As I'm ramping up my video uploads...always setting up outdoors will not be realistic as the set-up takes so much time. Eventually need to transform my day job workspace into a full blown youtube studio for easier product reviews and more frequent communication to my viewers. Thanks again for your advice Jeven!!
  16. @susannerja9152: I have a small bedroom
  17. @AndrzejGieraltCreative: Is this a re-upload?
  18. @MarcusTDM: Superb video. I wasn’t expecting to see that you’re MacBook Pro is the main computer! I was expecting an Apple Mac Pro or something! Would love a purpose use studio like that.
  19. @HabsGamer: If I'm shooting at any of these settings: 2,7K/240 fps, 4K/120 fps or 5,3K/60 fps, will the Apple 14.2" MacBook Pro with M1 Max Chip be powerful enough to edit my footage? thanks
  20. @DavidMossAI: Man I’m just moving into a new apartment tomorrow, your channel is my absolute favorite!

- How to Setup a YouTube Filming Room: Kind: captions Language: en - In this video, I wanna show you how you can set up your YouTube studio anywhere super fast and easy. Now, if you want to be a creator here on the platform, one of the biggest things is being consistent with your content and having a space that's dedicated to where you work, where you film. It's just gonna make that process easier. So I've always had a space in my home that is my YouTube studio. Right now I'm in a new space and I just set this up and I'm only using a few things to get the look that I have and to be this place where I can sit down, hit record, and just make my videos. Now I have a buddy who wants to start his YouTube channel, and the first thing he asked me is, well, how do I even start? How do I even set up the camera and start shooting? And so this video is gonna be your guide to be able to just turn on the camera, start recording, and make sure that you have a look that you're happy with, that's gonna reflect your brand. And also just be a good place to sit down, hit record, and make some content. And if you're gonna be doing this outside on the go, while I have another video that's dedicated to shooting outdoor adventure style videos and being able to shoot this kind of content when you're outside. And I'll link to that at the end of this video. And also down below, inscription. Now there's a few key elements to being able to build your YouTube studio. You obviously need your camera. That's what you're gonna be filming on. You're gonna need audio, you're gonna need to think about lighting. And also you're gonna need to think about the look, so what's behind you, what's in the shot, what visually represents the kind of content that you're producing, because that has a big impact on what you're gonna film and what you're gonna set up. Now with this setup, you could either set up the camera, audio lighting every time you need to record, or you could just have this all set up so that every time you need to make a video, you just flip on the camera and hit record. There's not a right or wrong way to do it. And I've done both styles. In my previous studio, I had everything rigged up where I just flipped on my lighting and I hit record. I could start recording In this space here, the way that I have to operate is now I have to set up my camera again, set up my audio, and potentially set up lighting. And so you could see over there is the door. So I can't just keep the camera there at all times anymore. And you could see me there in the reflection. My audio is coming from above my camera's over there. My light source is actually this window at the moment. And then my background is computer, some outdoors. And I just have a few things I've put on the walls. You don't have to go super crazy with your filming space and it doesn't take a whole lot of gear. So let's first talk about the main thing, which is your background. You think it would be camera, audio, lighting, all that. But I think the background is one of the most important things when you're coming up with your design for your YouTube space. So for me, I do a lot of videos here on this channel about teaching filmmaking, how to be a creator, all of that style of content. And so for my background, I have my computer with, right now it's on Final Cut 'cause I'm editing a project. And then I have my million YouTube plaque up there because I talk about YouTube often on this channel. And then over here, it's just a window, kind of has a jungley vibe outside. So I thought that would look good for this setup. I don't have to overly complicate it. Now, if you're in a space where you have complete control and you don't have things like a window, well, you could put different stuff up on the walls. So you could use things like pictures or you could use like a shelf, put different things on the shelf that represent your brand. But ideally, when you're creating your background, you wanna have some separation between where you're filming and what's behind you. So right now, I'm sitting in the middle of the room. So if you look over here, you could see my desk. I've just have this portable desk, which makes it super easy for me to set up this space. But I'm here. And then there's some separation between the background. This isn't a overly big space that I have to film in, but I've set myself in the middle and I've put my camera over there against that wall. Now the lens that I'm using is a 35 millimeter 1.4. And the reason that I'm using this style of lens is to create the separation with the blurry background. Oftentimes when you're doing these talking head style videos and you're just talking to camera, it's good to throw the background a little bit out of focus. Personally, I like this look of the 1.4. It creates a lot of separation and it just makes me as the person talking on camera really stand out from the background. Now, if you're closer to the background, you're not gonna get as much separation. Or if you're using a lens, say shooting at a 2.8, a four or higher than that, well you're not gonna get as much separation. This is all gonna be in focus. And so one of the things you want to think about is do you want to have separation from your background to your foreground? It often looks more cinematic when you have this separation and you have the super blurry background, but it's also dependent on the lens choice that you're using. So if you're using just something like a kit lens with your camera, well, you're not gonna be able to get the super blurry background because those often don't open up past an F four, which will give you some separation, but not what you're seeing right now. So if you want that super blurry background, you're gonna want to have a lens that shoots at an F 2.8 or something like an F1 0.4. And these are often prime lenses that give you that separation. Now, in terms of focal length, this is at a 16 millimeter. So you could see how wide this shot is, you could see more of the office, it's more of this immersive feel, kind of this vlogger feel. Whereas over here, I'm shooting on a 35, which gives me more compression, it has more cinematic qualities to it. So deciding on the focal length is gonna be a big part of this YouTube studio. Do you want this super wide look? Something like this? Like do you want it super wide? Do you want that vlogger field? Do you want that kind of more immersive where we're sitting here together talking to each other? Or do you want something that has more of that filmic quality? It's something that has the longer lens feel. So you could shoot at like a 35, you could shoot at a 50 millimeter, but that's one of those choices that you're gonna wanna make. Oftentimes shooting on a longer lens like this gives you a little bit more professional feel than say, if you're shooting on a super wide lens, it feels more YouTubey, more you know, vlogger, however you wanna say that. So that's just a conscious choice that you're gonna wanna make. Now the next thing that you need to think about is audio. And I'd say when it comes to the technical side of camera lights, audio, audio is probably one of the most important things that you wanna focus on when you're making videos on YouTube. Because if you have bad audio, people are gonna click away. Whereas if you have good audio, there's more chance that people will stick around and watch longer because audio is one of those things that subconsciously when a viewer's watching, it's going to either give you that feeling of this video is professional, or this video is very amateur. And so for my audio in the space, I have a microphone up and over as close to my mouth as possible so that I can get clean audio in the space. Now, unfortunately, I don't have any soundproofing on the ceiling. I don't have any soundproofing on the walls. All I have is some carpet, but it's not the best to get rid of the reverb in the space. Reverb is the echo that you'll hear. - And so in this space, I could hear just sitting here talking to you, there's a lot of reverb. Now I'm gonna process this audio. I'm gonna take it through a software called a phonic, which is - Online, and it's gonna clean up a lot of this audio. There's lots of good audio editing tools nowadays to be able to clean up your audio to make it sound more professional. But you can't take really garbage audio and make it sound really good. You could start with decent audio with the microphone placed where it is, where it's close to my mouth, and using one of these shotgun microphones overhead. I'm gonna be getting some good audio in this space, but I'm still - Gonna be hearing like reverb and it's just not as good. And there's a hum over there from my computer. I'm gonna take this audio, process it through this software called a phonic. And so this is what the audio sounds like, not processed, just straight from camera. - And then this is what the audio sounds like after I've sent it through a phonic. So you just wanna make sure that you focus on getting clean audio, whether it is a microphone overhead like this, so it's boomed up and over on an arm. Or you could use a lavalier mic like a DJ I mic two or a Road Wireless pro. Or you could have something like on your desk, like a podcast style microphone just sitting right here. Or if you're shooting on like a super wide lens, you could just use a shotgun microphone on top of your camera. And really what it comes down to is you wanna have your microphone as close as possible to the source, and you don't want to have a ton of background noise going on. And then from there, you can clean up your audio using some different tools that are in your editing software or one of these AI processing services. Now the next thing you need to think about is lighting. So I'm using all natural light right now. It just so happens that I have a big window right here and it's at a good angle for me to use as my key light. And then I have this window back here, which brings in more ambiance and lights up the background. So I'm able to use just the natural light. One of the easiest ways to start making videos is put yourself in a position with a window at around a three quarters from your camera. So you can see over here, window, big source. It's a key source and it's bringing light in this way and illuminating my face. Now, one of the things that you're gonna wanna think about is the directionality of your lighting. So if I'm facing the window head on, you're gonna fill your face. So if you want that more beauty style lighting where everything's filled in, everything's bright well, you'll wanna have the camera more towards that light source that's illuminating your face. Whereas if you want something a little more filmic, a little more cinematic, well you'd want the light source off to like a 45 edging towards the side. And that's gonna give you a lot of contrast. So you could see on this side of my face, it's bright, and over here it's dark and I'm illuminating from my back. Over here, I'm getting a nice hair light behind me. So I have this more lighting style that you would see in like a film, a movie, or that style of filmmaking. It's not so bright and airy, whereas over here, everything's bright. There's no right or wrong way. It all depends on the style of content that you're producing. And if you just want everything looking good, oftentimes you'll want the lighting source kind of right over camera. So it'd be right over there on top of camera, either side of camera or at like a 45. If you want more cinematic lighting, you start at the 45 and kind of work your way around. Now, when it's darker in here, I'm gonna use this light to do the same thing that this window is doing. This is just a 60 watt little aperture light, and I could control the exposure intensity. Now, I'll include links to all of the gear that I personally use down below description. So you can check out all of these, but it's essentially, this is just the aperture 60 x. And so what I would do is I would take this light, put it at a 45, and it's gonna create the same look that you're seeing here. And then from there, I would light up the background that way it just creates more of this texture, more of this background. And you could see from my previous studio, I was lit with the same aperture, 60 x right here in the front. And in the background, I have a few different lights. I have two lights up in the ceiling that are the colors, and then I have the light coming from behind the door, and also this bar light on the side. And those were creating more depth, more texture to the shot, and illuminating the background. So it doesn't have to be super complicated to create a space to film in. I have my desk, a camera on a tripod, my audio on a stand with just a cable running to the camera, a single light source, something illuminating in the background. And then just the design of your background. So whatever you wanna put back here that either looks good for the video that you're creating or connects to your brand in some way. And if you are a creator who's gonna be going out and filming yourself when you're out in nature. Well, I have another video that breaks down how you could go and film this style of content right here. And I have another video that goes through one of the shots that you need to get when you're filming as a solo creator. And you could check that out right here. I'll see you one of those videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @camerachris [6 likes]: Just my opinion as a video producer of over twenty years and someone that has worked on feature films, I feel like your audio is over processed. There is a perception of audio relation and it comes with the type of viewing accompanying the listening. While I comprehend why you want to kill your ambient room tone and echo from the solid walls in your space, you've created a closeted sound, like you are trapped in a small space speaking into a pillow. It comes across somewhat jarring and disjointed in combination to how your visual space is recognized to actually sound. Clean audio doesn't have to be "Perfect" and without any ambient or situational/atmospheric elements to be perceived.
  2. @countryroadcure [1 likes]: Jeven, because of you..I have literally been motivated. I have watched almost every single video of yours. Been watching for years. Our channel is because of you. Thank you for the inspiration and the motivation to keep going. Once again, thank you.
  3. @manuicruzer [1 likes]: Hi Jeven, I started my YT channel a month ago and I'm learning alot from you!!!  Thanks heaps and keep rocking 💯😎
  4. @mossgatherer_ [1 likes]: Hey Jeven. You're awesome and I appreciate you.
  5. @jonathonsheposh: Trying to figure out what is on top of the camera that the Rode mic is plugged into? Btw, love the channel!!
  6. @Jake_Towne: Do You edit the Audio before or after the edit is all done? After its all finished or while your editing through the clips?
  7. @saier5888: Question, anyone feel free to chime in would love opinions.  My cabin has a lots of gorgeous angles and textures but the internal lighting is very very difficult everything is a hard orange it's exceptionally hard to balance skin tones vs background tones.  Even just shooting photos in here is a white balance editing nightmare, any thoughts?
  8. @1mAmedia: Hey Jeven….great content as always. Why is the sound seem different on this video? Or is it just me? 😊
  9. @GRUBB-MUDD: Also cant u just use your iphone or galaxy to get that blury background
  10. @GRUBB-MUDD: How important is the chair?
  11. @mynameisrob_co_uk: Thanks Jeven for you new setup video, it’s perfect timing for me as next week I move into a creative studio, with natural light and I’m about to start my Youtube journey, it’s exciting and scaring at the same time. As always you are so good at sharing quality information, it’s really appreciated. Good luck with your new chapter in your life too :)
  12. @DMVMTB: Just the intro makes you think. Thanks Brother. I really need to get my basement ready
  13. @tommy_lyon: I love the new setup, it feels a lot more natural, more grown up in a way. I'm excited for your next chapter of content Jeven. Hope youre good.
  14. @janoskindle: I like how you make film making so simple. Thanks
  15. @RidirFamilyGaming: This is a wonderful video, I just finished a vlog talking about gear doesn't make you, it enhances the skills that you learn and develop and I feel like this space discussion is very similar but also very  helpful in how to quickly set it up
  16. @YOONGOON_FPV: Super informative ^^!
  17. @gemwebb: Your new layout sucks in comparison to prior.    Seriously. Like u just moved I and zero effort.
  18. @AmericanExpatOfficial: Noticed you have final cut on your computer.  Is it better than Premier Pro?
  19. @Dark-Light_Delirium: Whuddup, Jeven!?! 
Thanx for the tips, bruh.
  20. @stigfloberghagenphotography: Nice tips

- How I Created My YouTube Studio Setup: Kind: captions Language: en - In this video we're going through how you build out your YouTube studio, so you go from this to something more like this or something more like this. So if you want to do more of the artificial lighting with the colors in the background or if you want to do more of a daylight studio, I'm gonna go through the different things that I do to be able to create my YouTube sets and I have two sets built here in one space. All right guys, let's get after it. So guys if you're new to this channel, my name is Jeven Dovey, I do a lot of filmmaking tutorials, product reviews, I also do a lot of YouTube training so make sure you hit that subscribe button and turn on those bell notifications if you want to learn how to grow you channel and get better using your camera. So originally I just had the one set built in this room and it's been evolving over time. That's something that you need to think about when you're creating your set that you're going to use for your YouTube videos. It's not going to be perfect the first time you set it and you get going. You're going to keep evolving this over time. Originally, I started with my artificial looking set, it has a lot of colored backgrounds. Let's just go over there. In this set, I use all the time to create my online courses, to create tutorials but there's a lot of times where I don't want to just be sitting here talking to camera so this is a good setup that I've built for this style of content. But when I want to show a product or be more involved with the things that I'm working on, have a little bit wider shot, that's why I built the other set with the standing table. So you have to kind of think, what kind of videos are you going to be creating and that's going to dictate what style of set that you want to build. Like I said, this is more artificial lighting. So I have completely blocked out all of the light in this room and as you can see over here this is my window and so I've put a piece of duvetyne across my entire window and that means that all the light in this room I have put in here. So everything has a purpose. Whereas, when you go to my other set, I'm gonna pull this off. Now I didn't turn off the colored lights back there but this is more of the natural daylight studio. So I used light from the window and then I have one light to fill in my face, so I have a nice look on my face. So we're going to talk about the lighting and I'm just going to talk about camera placement, audio, things like that. For this video specifically I'm using a lav mic. (tapping microphone) That's the one that's on my shirt right now and I'm actually just using a little audio recorder. So this is my Tascam DR10 but the DR10 is an audio recorder and I use this all the time because you can see your levels on it and you can actually just record and then sync it up later in post. So I have four cameras going, I have one, two, which are my two cameras I use for my sets. I got my 360 camera back here. And then I have a fourth camera which is my Nikon and I'm using this just to give you guys some details as I walk around. So I can point out specific things and be able to show you guys exactly what I am doing instead of having to cut and do some B-roll. I'm going to shoot another video on how I create videos faster using multi-caming. And that's essentially what I'm doing with this workflow. Okay, so let's get into the set build. Like I said earlier, I have duvetyne. That is this black material. It cuts out all light. Now duvetyne is great for covering windows. And so what I've done is created eyelets on the duvetyne. And as you can see right here. I've made these myself and just used a little command strip hook to attach it to the wall. And so for me that makes it super easy, so I can just hang this up any time that I want to put the black on the window and cut out all the light. Now I've also put up the hooks here on this side and the reason for that is I've done it in the past different backdrops here. So I don't have to pull out stands and I don't have to pull out a bunch of gear to be able to put up a backdrop. And I have a bunch of these cloth backdrops. So, if I wanted to do say like more of a brick background and I've used this for different videos. Then this works great. I put eyelets in this as well and hung it up on the wall. So, one room can have multiple purposes and I think using your room multi-purpose makes it so that you can have more flexibility in the content that you're shooting. I do a lot for my office, so I enjoy having the flexibility of building out different sets here. Now let's talk about lighting. So use an aperture 120D, that is my main light right here that provides all of the fill light on your face. And so I put that about a 45 degree angle from the camera. So I have my camera, my GH5, right in front of me. Right off to the side is my aperture 120D. And you can see that I just have this sitting here and it's always put up. I never tear this down. Super easy, I put an egg crate on it and what the egg crate does is it focuses the light a little more. So if you take the egg crate off what happens is the light floods further around the room. So I always use a egg crate so that it focuses more of the light on me, less on the background. The idea is that you want to create different pools of light. So where I'm at, this section that's one pool of light and when you're lighting the background you want to think of that as a separate pool of light because you can do different things in the background, you can put different colors, different exposures. You can bring up the ambience, bring down the ambience and it will change the look and feel of how your whole space works. But if you're relying on your one light to do everything or two lights and this is also controlling your background. Then it's going to be a lot harder to get the look that you want. So I always say independently control your space where your subject is and then your background. And try to create two pools of light. And that's the easiest easiest way to think about it when it comes to building out like a YouTube set, is think in those terms. What is the background? Expose for that and then expose for your subject, you and expose for that to match the background or be a little bit darker or a little bit lighter. However, you want that exposure difference to be in your shot. And this is something that you can start looking at when you're watching other YouTubers is look at their set. Does their set darker than their subject or is their set brighter? Are they in a big bright open space or it a very dark space and the subject is lit brighter. Or are they equal, because you can also do that, where they match perfectly. Okay, so let's talk about my background. I have just the simple strips behind my desk, which creates the color of light. These are cheap, they're like $20-$30 and it just changes color based on whatever you want to do. So I got a remote here and I can change, I can change it orange, I can change it purple. I can do white. So these are good if you want to create pops of color in the background. Now another way you can do this is using these small lights. So this is the Vlogger light and the other one that I have, which is illuminating my YouTube award right now is the Pilotfly AtomCUBE RX1. Two good options, I actually like both of these lights. I like the Pilotfly a little bit more for the options that you get in the light. However, this does come with a nice mount, which allows you to hook it to basically anything. So you got to pick your poison what you like better. So, when it comes to this light, you can change the colors, so I'm going to change to now, I gotta blue. I'm going to put it at 100% brightness. And let's change the color a bit. So as you can see I am changing the color. So, let's say I put this in the background. Let's go to a bright like pink or something. There we go, we'll do a purple. So now you can create the entire color of your background just using one of these little lights and these things are super powerful. So, as you can see this two pools of light is working very well because I am still lit properly for the exposure from this camera. But I've just added this purplish-blue light in the background, which is creating the crazy color all over in the background. So if you want color, either use LED strips, which are these things that are on my desk or pick up one of these lights, the Vlogger or the Pilotfly and you can change any color. So let's see, there's pink, there's red. We got some yellow, green. So you can really just play around and create whatever color you want. In something like this you can literally just throw it on the floor and it illuminates the entire background and as long as you have that separation of the foreground and the background, you can create different color effects using this. So for me I have my background being a big picture, which is essentially just, it was on a mirror. I don't know why I'm still using this color. And you're probably wondering why I just stuck white up here, I'm bringing up the general ambiance of the room. So if I didn't have this on when I'm sitting over here at my desk, it actually a little bit too dark in the background, so I personally like bringing up the ambience a tad. So something else to think about is playing with those levels of ambience in the background. So let's talk about my backdrop. I had two mirrors here originally, I got this picture, I just got it off Amazon and it fits my brand. So you gotta think about when you're creating your YouTube studio what's going to fit your brand. So for me, outdoors, mountains, I do a lot of climbing films. If you haven't seen my most recent climbing film, I highly suggest you check that out. But that fits my brand, I do a lot of climbing, so I wanted to get a mountain. So I got this. It's just a sticker and you can put these on walls, you can put these on mirrors, anything. That's how I created this image, it gives some nice depth to the background and then my closet, which is where I house all my gear. This is essentially all of my gear, it makes it organized so I can just grab things that I need. Switchpod, if you haven't got a Switchpod yet, maybe you should get one. I actually just put a little discount code in the descriptions. So if you guys wan to get one, you can get it for $10 off. A bunch of other stuff. One of the most important things is a label maker. I do use this all the time. But instead of just having a blank background, I decided to put my gear back there. The idea is to create some depth. So instead of just flat walls, I'm trying to create more depth in my space. So it feels like there's more going on. Obviously you don't want to have it too cluttered but having some depth, so you see this a lot of times people will put gear and stuff in the background. You just need to find out what works best for your space. For me, I had this closet, so I built out shelves that I put all my gear on it. But you might need to add something into your room. Like you might need to add some shelving units that you can add some depth moving upwards. Because you gotta think about it. You don't want just things on the ground around you. You want to build up as well. You want to be able to build out your whole space so it feels like you're in this environment. So you're hanging out in my space. This is like my creator lab and that's kind of how you want to feel. What is your creator lab look like? What does your space look like? And if you look at someone like Casey Neistat, he had that space in New York and that was like a mad scientist for creators. And so you really got into his space and you had all this texture and all this depth but that was his brand. So what is on brand for you? What is going to be in the background that fits the content that you're creating? All right, let's move on to set number two. And this is my more daylight-looking set. This is where I'm able to have a table in front of me and work with different products. I was just shooting a review about this whole Gimble Ring. My wife decided to print something while I'm shooting. But I was just doing a review on this, so this is a good space where I can have things laid out in front of me and be able to work with a camera that's a little bit further. So this is not an arm's reach away. I'm using a 35mm lens equivalent, because I'm on GH5, so it's a 17.5. But I have distance, I can't really see the screen over here. So, what I have is a monitor. My Atomos Shinobi is great for seeing what's going on over there. So I add a monitor so I don't have to be next to the camera to see focus, exposure all of that. This is a quick release that Zhiyun makes. Jai-yun, however you want to say it. And I put these on all of my mounting points, so I can just pop these on and off they're metal. And they're super easy to attach things like monitors, clamps, anything. They're essentially made for tripods on the bottom of Gimbles. And that's what I think they were originally intended for. But I've found that these little clamps are useful all over the studio. So anytime you need to mount something and you don't want to have to screw it all the time, you add one of these mounting points, it just pops on and off. Now, the way that I've set up audio in this room is that I have a microphone above me. Now, I do this for both of my sets, I only have one of these microphones. So the next thing I need to add is another mic, so I have two. But that essentially allows me to have the mic at the perfect position above my head. I use a Sennheiser mic, these things sound really good. And you can see the difference. Here's the sounds of the lavalier and now here is the sound of the mic overhead. And over there it's a little bit better in terms of reverb because I'm not projecting out into the room. Are you coming in? - [Wife] We have to fill out the application. - Okay come say hi. - So I'm explaining how my room is set up. So do you want give an explanation? - Can you pause and I need him to take care of something real quick? - Now something else that I do and you can see this over here. I have some more stands laying around out in the background here. I got another C-stand here. And I have these stands laying around so that I can do more in the space. Like if I want to put a camera above, I can rig it up so that I can have a top-down shot. So having some different pieces on had makes it easier. So that if you're like, hey, I need to get Rab this shot, you have the gear sitting around, you can grab it and get your shot. The same reason I have my closet set up in this way, where I have all the gear accessible. Everything's labeled so that I can just grab gear, do my shoot, throw it back and I'm not spending tons and tons of time fumbling with gear. Because over time it does get frustrating. So in terms of lighting in this daylight space. I use an aperture 120D, I'm telling you these lights with the small soft box on the egg crate. That is like the best light I found for this style of creating content. But you don't need that huge soft box. The small one works. You're just illuminating one person and then you use other lights to bring in some other lighting around your space. The 120D is lighting for me but the lighting in the background is all from my window. So I play with my blinds and the different amount of light and I use my blinds to control how much light I want in the background. So, more of a daylight looking studio and if you have a space where you get direct sunlight coming into your room, maybe you have the sun peeking through your blinds and it creates a nice pattern on the back wall. Use that to your advantage, because having some texture in the background with lighting looks really good. So look at ways that you can use the natural sunlight to bring some texture into the background. Now one thing that you want to avoid is just putting yourself in front of a window and having the background fall to black. Now that is a great way to get started and just illuminating your face because when you stand at a window, it's gonna give you the best looking light. It's going to give you light looking like this. However, if you just have the light fall off to black in the background it just doesn't look that good. This is a great place to start, however, this is much harder to control than if you were to illuminate yourself using lighting and then controlling your background by bringing up the ambience or bringing down the ambience. So that's why I don't use windows to light myself, weather conditions change, the look changes. And so that's why I like to use my 120Ds to control the light on me and then if I have anything in the background, I'm going to use my blinds or the other lighting that I have to control that. So when it really comes down to it, there's a few things that when you're creating your YouTube set. One is your brand. What is your brand and does your set show off your brand? The second thing to think about is lighting. And think about it in two pools of lighting. So front pool, back pool and you don't have to be super crazy with the lighting that you're using. I use one light, frontal, to light me. And then I use some different lights in the background to give it some texture, to give it something a little bit different. So think colored lights, if you like that look. Or think using a window or another small light to bring up the ambience. So guys links to everything that I use is down here in the description. So it there's anything that you specifically want from my setup, I'll put everything down there in my kit, so you guys can check out every piece that I use. And guys make sure you go down in the comments and Let me know what you're using for your YouTube background. Is there anything specific that you use that's different than mine. Or is there anything specific that you like that has really worked for you creating the content on your channel. All right guys, if you want to see more videos on how to create better content on YouTube. I'll put a link right here on the screen somewhere and I've got a bunch of resources down in the description of different playlists on how to grow your channel and take your brand to the next level. I'll see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JevenDovey [8 likes]: Check out my newest studio buildout in a Garage! https://youtu.be/4a0_vRFPudo
  2. @onocoffee [2 likes]: I've been watching a lot of videos on studio tours and I think this is one of the best - mainly because you're explaining your thought process and reasons for doing what you're doing. Much more insightful than the typical studio tour where they seem to show more of their A7S3 and 300D than the how and why they designed their studio. Thanks!
  3. @TheMuslimApologist [1 likes]: Fantastic tutorial, thank you!
  4. @RawlandUy [1 likes]: Hi Jeven, nice vid. Just like to know as I was using many lights already and still cannot get a nice soft face on my video. I even got the 90 cm light dome with double diffusion. Is it on the camera settings. Or on the light itself. Thanks.
  5. @jakub_olej [1 likes]: Hey Jeven, how do you control the reverb in your room? Is there any? Does a micro omnidirectional mic help with that?
  6. @AridForge [1 likes]: Thanks Jeven. Your humble, transparent approach is realistic and educational. As a noob/struggling/low-confidence creator, I find many of the other big creators a bit strong on the 'tude. Definitely worth every view. 
My work is filmed outdoors, so I am trying to find the correlation of light here and outdoors. The sun is never at an angle that behooves the point/subject I am trying to showcase.
  7. @dew391: Do you have a tutorial for starting my channel?
  8. @TheDistortionPrinciple: Dudes mom just came and said I need you to do your chores
  9. @howardcash8301: Javen! EXCELLENT and thorough description! Yeah!
  10. @clarkescustomcreations: This is a very well done explanation I think I basically found all the information I was looking for in one stop thanks for taking the time to explain this so well
  11. @osayandeaikhionbare1636: Great content. I’m going to get going and not be afraid. Starting with my phone and want to go to and focus on using iPhone/ go pro.
  12. @vernelfpv: your explanation is always on point. thank you for this video
  13. @purificationdetoxification7122: Could you possibly do a video explaining which colours work best, and the effect they give to the viewers? Negative or positive etc?
  14. @McRyach: Actually before looks better than after
  15. @Julsmorin0630: You put a lot of effort into this.  Very impressive.
  16. @slaneyaudio1948: Good stuff. What about gear for live streaming? Lower third chat, Q&A, banners, branding etc?
  17. @juankplaysomething: 13:40 Hahaha bold move. Kudos for keeping this part, Jeven, and amazing informative video.
  18. @starwarshistoryarchives2834: What up, jeven? I'm yaseen.

I always like and enjoy watching these videos, they're fun, educational and entertaining. Watching them over and over helps a lot too
  19. @Dr.Liliana_Rose: Thank you! My future studio is going to be in the garage, and it is so dark that you can’t see anything in there. Everyone talks about the natural lights, but that is not an option for me. Thank you very much.
  20. @hungryfactor9187: I like how you walk around in the room to actually show how you adjust the lights. many other tutorials online just talk about it.

- Starting Over... (building a new YouTube Studio for the 17th time): Kind: captions Language: en I gotta fix this. This is bad. This is where I've been working. Not good. Not good. The cat doesn't mind it though. What's up everyone? Sarah Runs with Peachy here. So, when we abruptly moved to Texas, I took a few weeks in the beginning to get this set all set up. The one that you've been seeing. This is actually in my childhood bedroom at my parents house where I started my YouTube channel, which is kind of crazy, you know, full circle. But what you just saw is actually my office in uh my own house. It's a much smaller room, but this is where, you know, I stay up late at night editing YouTube videos or I take the occasional Zoom call. And I've just been living in filth. It is time to change it. So, that's what we're doing today. I would also like to be able to point a camera in maybe a corner or two and be able to film in that space. That that would just be great, right? Uh but yeah, for the past decade of my life, I have lived in a new place like every year, whether by choice or not, by choice. And that's why you can't get one consistent Sarah Peachy YouTube background from me because your girl uh whether I like it or not, just moves a lot. So, let's take another whitewalled boring space and turn it into something uh somewhat presentable into you a nice little YouTube studio for what, the 17th time? the 27th time, the 932nd time. I'm reaching the point in my life where I actually do want to stay put now and we've tried in the past couple years, but things just keep coming up. Anyways, this this will be a fun adventure. And hey, this video is sponsored by me. More on that at the end of the video. Because the move from LA to Texas was sudden and very chaotic, we actually left a lot of our stuff in LA for a while, but now we had it all shipped down. And so our entire life is in this one storage unit. Some of it, yes, is the outer house here in Texas that we're renting. But this storage unit. Wow. Our storage unit is so packed. I feel like we need another one so I can clear out this path so I can actually get to stuff. This is going to be difficult. I want most of these lights in my office. So maybe I can take those down, put some stuff up. But yeah. O, how am I supposed to find my rug in here? [Music] This is what I got in my first trip. And I only got one thing that was on my list. This is random stuff that I was like, "Oh, yeah. I need this." The most important thing is my red rug. I don't know where it is. Can she do it? Tada. I could never not own a hatchback. It's been very useful. I need to find some key things for my office. It's a lot of camera gear and it's a lot of computer stuff. Uh number one, I really need my Groveade computer uh desktop shelf type thing. Did that make sense? I need more lights. I need my paper shredder. So, it's a lot of random stuff, but a lot of things that I'm surprised that I survived without them for like six months. How did I survive without more than one Aperture 300D Mark II? How did I do it? On the first round, I did find a good amount of stuff. I found the lights. I found a tripod I needed. Um, but still some of those items are missing. And most importantly is this one red rug that I just feel like I need for this office. It'll just tie everything together. Okay, I have one more trip left to the storage unit. It's not going to be fun. I'm going to move some of the boxes into a new storage unit in hopes that I can find the rug. I need to clear it out a little bit. Okay, I'm back. I got lucky. This is where the overflow unit is going to be. They only had two available on the same floor. This place is huge. Got lucky with how close this is. People pay for workout classes to do that. Guys, I think I found the rug all the way in the back. I'm screwed. Look at this. Here's what I got done in the overflow room. You can still stack a lot of boxes here. I've been thinking about it and I need the rug. I need the rug. I need my little desk organizer thing for below my desk. So, we're back at the storage unit and we're just going to figure it out. I have help today. Got the homie Robert and >> we got this. >> Yeah, we got this. When you see where the rug is, you're going to be questioning life. All right, let's do this. The last time I cleared out the center, just guess where the rug is. You didn't you didn't expect this. So, here this is what I'm thinking. Last time I got a second storage unit. Um, and that's where some of this stuff is. So, this these boxes I think we can just put in that storage unit to live. And then we can assess once these boxes are gone if it's possible because this is the only stool I have. I actually need that lamp too. We need to remember that lamp. Okay. Lamp, desk organizer, and rug. Oh my god. Wait. This is literally the heaviest bench. Cuz I was like, "Oh, this is easy. We just need to move this and grab it." There we go. How do we do this without destroying this? We can just bring it down. We can just We can lay it down if we need to. >> What if we move these boxes? Just >> Yeah. It's not heavy. >> Okay. Sorry, I feel useless. >> No, you're good. >> Very nice. >> Heavy. >> Okay. Well, hey, when you're trying to scoot this thing around solo. Oh, look. Huzzah. >> It's not the right rug. >> You have more. >> I have more. Oh, How many rugs do I have? I mean, honestly, okay, that rug is better than the one I have. If we need to, we can just use this rug. Man, this goes so far back. Okay, do I need to buy a third storage unit? I mean, this is insane. Here, bring the camera up here to show how far back it goes. We need to get that lamp. I just want to see if I can see with my physical eyes the desk storage unit. Then maybe we can get it, but I don't think it's possible. I'm kind of preemptively giving up. Ah, my Apple boxes. There's a part of me that's just like climb, but I don't want to die. Too much to live for. I have a daughter now. I can't climb furniture in my storage unit. I can't climb furniture in my storage unit. Oh my god. I think I found the other rug. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. All right. We're going to take that as a W and leave. Got the rug. Got other stuff that I didn't know I needed like last time, but my apple boxes are going to be useful. The storage unit is still somewhat organized. It's fine. Okay, phase one, I would say, is a success. I actually found a lot of stuff that I needed. Not everything. Not everything, but a lot. Um, and phase two is, well, I just need more storage for myself in my actual office. Of course, we have the utilitarian Husky. I love that thing. I can fit a lot of camera gear in there, but I just have a lot of big lights um, and different like Pelican cases and things. So, I just need some big utility shelves. You can't go wrong with those utility shelves from Lowe's, right? But hey, come here's my idea. I have an idea because I can't really hang up the neon peach in this room because, you know, we're renting this. It's like a short-term rental. What if we spray paint these shelves peachy more? It's more neon orange, but it's it'll be a nice peachy hit. What? What do you I think we should do it. Look at this orange fluorescent. This is going to be great or be awful. Either way, we're committed. Tell me what you going. What you going for? Okay, not bad for a day and a half of work. I think the before and after is a huge difference. I'm not done yet. I still need to add some special touches here and there, but it's at least functional. I have, you know, these shelves set up, which I didn't show you the actual reveal until there was stuff on it because it looks so much better with things on it. If you look too close, don't look too close. The spray paint job is not good. It is not good. But this is six coats, two prime, and four orange. And I just got over it. I was like, I got stuff to do, you know? And so I think this is fine when I'm on a Zoom call here at my desk. You know, it'll be some nice peach hits in the background and it's functional. Of course, this doesn't look the best, but I need my stuff out ready to grab and go. And so, it's a good blend of both of those things. My desk setup is, you know, I'm going to be tweaking it here and there, but it's functional, which is good. I found my Groveade uh desk riser, which is so handy um because I just have all my stuff in here. I store my, you know, SD cards and my pens and things. I, as you could tell, I have a lot of pins and things. So, yeah, I'm going to tweak this a little bit more over the next few days. But I I'm satisfied with this. Obviously, I'm a little sad because my setup in LA was perfect and I had everything perfectly organized. So, having to restart that is a little bit of a drag, but tis is life. You just you roll with the punches, you know, and life has been punching. But, this makes me feel good. And hey, I know it doesn't make sense, but when you have like a red vibbey rug, the bright orange works with that. It doesn't make sense, and I'm not like a person who knows things about color. Um, but I just know it looks good to my eye. So, I think it's a vibe. Do you think it's a vibe? >> Like it? >> I think it's a vibe. All right. Cue the final montage of the final duads that I put on the walls and things. Hey, I think for a rental friendly week of work transformation, this is pretty darn good. And shout out to my landlord for allowing me to hang up curtains. It really adds some nice sound dampening and just makes it a little bit more cozy. Shout out to those stay peachy shelves. I have them now almost 100% full. I was hoping to have a little bit more room, but you know, got got a good deal of stuff. Got the husky over there with more camera gear and some 3D printed organization solutions. Over on the other side, we have my sitst stand desk with now a complete setup for recording, streaming, podcasting, whatever I need it for. And also a special shout out to this Wayfair storage solution. There were a lot of things online, but they were getting close to like $1,000. And I just I'm I'm not doing that. And going back to the desk setup, you guys know that I am rocking the new M4 Pro MacBook Pro. I still have my sights on a Mac Studio one day, but that one day is not too day. Got my FX3 and a nice amaran light as well as a video monitor all on this desk. We are rocking the road pod mic and it's just a great overall setup for recording, podcasting, uh you know, all of those types of things. If you want to hear more about this setup and other great desk setups for remote podcasting or just content creation in general, uh, stick around a few seconds for something I'm really excited to show you. So, you know, if you look at the before and after, I'm actually pretty stoked how this turned out cuz it was like, you know, more of a rental friendly solution that I got done in like a week. And you know, if you're curious how I set up this whole studio set up here, um or some more behind the scenes on the gear and things, uh you know, I'm going to launch my thing now. It's kind of a low-key way to do it. Just shove it at the end of the video. But, you know, this is something I've been working on uh for over a year. It took me that long cuz, you know, baby and life and still doing work and stuff. But, I'm going to stop rambling cuz I'm a little nervous and just roll the clip. You know that feeling when you hop in a Zoom call and your webcam makes you look well, hey? Or maybe you're ready to launch that podcast or level up your YouTube content, but you're just overwhelmed by gear, lighting, settings. You're going down all of the YouTube rabbit holes. Have you ever wondered how the pros make their studios look so good and sound incredible? >> When I first walked in here, immediately I just looked up. Look at this rigging. It was probably a solid 2 years before the set was really done. >> So once you get it fully rigged up, go ahead. >> Striking. >> How's that look? Is it nice and soft? >> My name is Sarahi. I've been a YouTuber for the past decade as well as a podcaster. I've spent years building every kind of studio setup you can imagine. From scrappy desk rigs to high-end remote podcast sets. I've interviewed hundreds of business and content pros. After years of trial and error, I have figured out how to build setups that just look amazing and more importantly run smoothly. So whether it's for video conferencing on Zoom, YouTube, or a full-blown podcast, I created Studio Setup specifically to help business professionals and creators like you build incredible studios step by step. Studio Setup is your complete system for building a professional on camera setup. I built this with both beginners and professionals in mind. There is absolutely zero guesswork. You can hand studio setup off to an employee and have your perfect content control room just within days, not weeks or months. Or if you're tackling it yourself, you'll have a clear, easy to follow guide every step of the way. So you'll spend less time troubleshooting and going down YouTube tutorial rabbit holes and more time creating. That's that's the important part. Here's how studio setup works. First, pick your setup. I've created turnkey packages for every budget and production level that you could imagine. From a simple webcam upgrade to a prolevel remote podcasting studio that fits neatly on a single desk all the way up to well, what I'm filming with right now, the full-blown multicam dual screen teleprompter studio setup that I've well used for years. Check. You picked your setup. Good job. Next, you want to grab the gear from the very straightforward gear guide and dive into the clear step-by-step video lessons and easy to follow written instructions for assembling your beautiful studio setup. Test one, two, budget setup. This looks really good. >> Oh my. >> Video check. Audio check. You know what the last thing is? lighting. >> So, now that you've dialed in your threepoint lighting, right, you have a key, you have a fill, and you have a hair light. All right, so down in the video icon settings, we are going to select FX30. Bam. Look at that. Gorgeous. Up next, once you have all of your gear set up, it's time for the fun part. Okay, well, at least this is my favorite part. It's time to bring your studio to life. the accent lights, the art on the walls, the little dudads, what angle should you point your camera at, and uh how much space do I need behind me? All of those things are addressed in how to design the perfect studio background. This helps you make sure that your content looks professional, inviting, and most importantly, it is uniquely yours. It helps you stand out in a sea of sameness out there. So, it's time to stop filming against that plain white wall. Okay? Seriously, it's time. And if you're creating a studio setup specifically for podcasting, there's even more valuable content to explore. I guide you through choosing the best remote podcasting software, how to edit your podcast episodes, monetizing your show, and even how to build out an impressive multicam in-person podcast studio. When it comes to going IRL, build the studio your YouTube videos, your podcast, your colleagues at work on Zoom deserve. Hey guys, if you watched my last video, you know that I filmed the video that you were watching a few months ago, and a lot of stuff has changed since then. Uh, and so yeah, I am we're doing okay over here going forward. This is this is like going to be my set. So I need to do a few extra things to really make sure the lighting is dialed in. I might add another angle. I'm excited about that. But welcome welcome to my studio setup. And thank you so much for if you like watched through that entire studio setup promo video. It's something that I've been working on for over the past year. It's really been in my head since co Okay, I'm rambling. What I actually wanted to say, for the first month, if you purchase Studio Setup, I'm actually going to have weekly Zooms of like one-on-one consultations where if you've bought it, you can sign up and I'm actually going to answer questions with you guys. Um, you know, maybe make it like groups of 10 to 15 people where I can like answer your questions directly. Um, and that's going to be super fun. I'm only doing that for the first month. Um, so you know, uh, July and August, if you purchase studio setup, I'll send out an email on the schedule about that. Um, but yeah, I'm really excited to see you guys in there. And if this isn't something you need, no worries. I'm going to be posting YouTube videos again. So, if you're just showing up to watch my YouTube videos, and hey, maybe you smash that like and subscribe button. That is more than I could ask of you. That is so kind, and I'm so grateful for you. And let's just be honest, life has sucked really, really bad. But there's been these moments where I'm just like at my computer getting to work and just doing my thing. And I've actually found a lot of peace in that. And it's like such a beautiful nice distraction. I like feel like myself again when I'm just like sitting in this office and working. I know that might sound sad to other people, but for me it truly is my happy place. And then, you know, I get to log off and hang out with John and Baby Peach. And the world is okay. And so, I'm just trying to focus on the good stuff I have in my life. And I do have a lot of good stuff. And a part of that good stuff is you. So, thank you. Okay. Let me know if you like this video. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every month. And then one day, maybe every week again. Uh, until next time, everyone. Stay peachy. Okay. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bayharboursaladseller [1 likes]: 11:18, NGL, that rug really ties the room together!
  2. @jasonperry6046: You spray painted the Lowes shelves Home Depot orange
  3. @idonotcarewhatisay: Thanks a lot for sharing your studio setup for beginners.❤❤
  4. @sarojini526: Hello mam 👋
  5. @DavidDavis-u8h: Great article
  6. @LaurenGabrielle-h8z: Thanks for sharing this update.
  7. @DavidDavis-u8h: very informative.
  8. @Audioworkks: This news is easy to understand.
  9. @MinaKosik: This news is easy to understand.
  10. @MaraMark-x4y: Thanks for sharing this update.
  11. @user-q4r7g: Great article
  12. @Reebok4523: New York and LA are no place to raise to child in 2025. You keep trying to be in these toxic cities and keep getting pulled back to Texas.
  13. @nacho12131213: Well-researched and accurate.
  14. @JasonNguyen-w2t: I love the melody.
  15. @NatalieCharles-b9t: This news is easy to understand.
  16. @fjur27: orange is your favorite color... for sure
  17. @user-s7c7v: Thanks for sharing this update.
  18. @JohnDamano-v3m: Well-researched and accurate.
  19. @JENNIFERJENNIFER-i4q2v: Very reliable source of information.
  20. @stacy1999: Glad you are back!

- Building a new YouTube Studio for the 18th time: Kind: captions Language: en All right, new year, new office, guys. I'm on my way to the office. It's so close to my house. My only must-haves were like 5 minutes away from my house, and I can't pay more than $2,000 a month. And [music] I found a space. It's like a very boring corporate office space. But that's okay. We don't need anything fancy because we know how to set up studio setups. Also, [music] it's like the middle of January. I've been paying for this office for several weeks. Don't even have the keys yet. I've been busy. I feel like it's smaller than I remember, but it's [music] fine. I asked them to paint this wall white, but whatever. We can work with it. Oh my gosh. Today's such a great example of like why I need this office. It's like I don't want it, but I need it. Here is my last-minute stream setup. Blackmagic has a collective of filmmakers where um they do these Zoom live streams once a month, [music] and they wanted me to come and talk about the ProDוק. I did an entire video about that. Um and I was going to do it at my home office where I had my beautiful live stream setup, my teleprompter, and all of that. I thought baby girl was going to [music] be out at the park for the full hour. Um but last minute, she didn't want to be outside. And so, the moment that she hears my voice, she will stop everything and start banging on the door and be like, "Hey, I want to hang out with Mom." So, 20 minutes before the stream, I grabbed my microphone, grabbed my laptop, and the you know, my iPhone setup, and all of that. And I just came here to the very empty office. And so, I didn't have my fancy teleprompter stream setup, which I was bummed about. But I had complete silence, and it actually went well. So, yeah. I'm glad I have a dedicated space. Previously, it's because, man, I want to step [music] things up and I'm hiring employees and I'm ramping things up. And now it's just out of necessity. So, this is what I'm starting with. And now we got to figure out how to build this out. I don't know if you all have noticed, but I really have not been posting a lot the past month and a half. December, I was in hardcore mom mode. I think I just was focusing on family and getting organized. Um and then January, I just I got hooked. I've been doing a lot of my coding. It literally feels like I'm back in college, but on my own terms, which has been super fun. So, I've been invigorated and excited. I just haven't been making videos about that. And sometimes you just have to like do the thing. You can't film while doing the thing, if that makes sense. I don't know. It'll make more sense in a couple months. But because it's been my focus the past month, oh my gosh, I'm just getting the itch [music] to hang out with you guys. Just make videos I want to make. Make videos that hopefully you want to see. >> [music] >> And for us to just have fun again. I actually started a new video 2 weeks ago and I did a lot of filming, a lot of editing of it last week. And I literally just scrapped it. It didn't feel right. I was making it just to make it, you know, I was like, oh, I haven't posted in a while. So, what's something that'll just like get views and get people back to my channel. And I was watching it and I was like, this is kind of interesting, but like I didn't want to make that video. That video was purely made because, oh, what does the algorithm want? Which is fine. Like the algorithm is just your audience, right? I wanted stuff that that y'all want to watch, but it can't be the sole purpose of the video. And so, it's been kind of a clunky return. I'm definitely still trying to figure it out, um but I think the answer lies in a little bit more structure and clean lines. When you have more responsibilities, um yeah, you just got to like prioritize things differently and just have a crazy amount of focus. [music] Now that I have a proper office for filming and meetings, uh my tiny home office here gets to turn back to just like my editing cave and the place that I can work out. I've been working out in our cold dirty garage and I don't like it. Since I haven't officially moved yet and I've literally only moved my desk, desk setup tour. Okay, guys. As you guys see here, [music] um I'm going with a minimalistic approach. I have some warmth that's added by this blanket um that I wrap myself in [music] when I'm editing at 2:00 a.m. at night. We have this beautiful desk, very minimal, that I got it off Amazon for like $40. It's the perfect size for my setup here. Okay, this is what a $500 painted wall looks like. It's February and I am still not moved in, but I finally rented a U-Haul for Wednesday. This Wednesday, we're finally moving in to the office. It's February. I've been paying an entire month of rent while not using this place. I just I got to get my ish together. Okay. >> [music and singing] >> All right, the moving has started. Okay, it doesn't look like a lot. Actually makes me realize the space is bigger than I thought, which I feel good about. This is where we're at. I can't believe we're already into February and this isn't set up yet. Tomorrow, I have to actually get back to filming YouTube videos. I'll film that at home and then the next day, Friday, we're going to be here all day and setting up just a dedicated aerial shot with a ton of room. I'm so excited about that. Ooh, and I have a little bit of a surprise that I'm excited about. >> I just dropped my FX3 about 3 ft. I think it survived. My screen Yeah, my screen's a little broken, but at least I can still see the image. Okay, I have not had the best relationship with videos. So, we're just going to How long have I been trying to move into this office? How long has it been now? We're just going to start We're going to get this A-Rolled set up going and I'm going to make videos again cuz I've been being a baby. I am now past feeling sorry for myself and now to the point where it's like, "Hey, stop stop." There's this illusion about creative work that you just wait around for inspiration, when in reality it's just about showing up every day and just doing >> anything and everything. I have infinite ideas for videos, but the whole filming [music] executing Well, that's the whole thing and that's what I've been struggling with. So, we just got we just got We just got to do We got to make like Nike and just do it. Okay, my forehead is very shiny today. Be nice to me. >> It's a beautiful day at the beach. >> I was losing my mind for about a week until I could call you all. I turned off the overhead lights cuz [music] I feel like my soul is being drained. Um, but okay, I actually got a good amount done. I cleared out this side [music] because this is where the lights are going to be and the camera. I was hoping for some room here to put um, like one of those backdrop [music] things, but I don't think we're going to have any room. A thing that I preach on a a when it comes to studio setups [music] is depth. And yeah, I think just the shot is going to take up half and then the cameras and the lights are going to take up the other half. We're not going to have a lot of room over here, but that's okay. I wish these two shelves were able to [music] go flat against this wall, but I think this actually might create a little cozy corner how I had to angle those. You'll just have to wait till the [music] the final shot to see what I'm cooking up. I know it's not a lot right now at all. Got to put on the lights, put in my actual camera. So we're going to have a key here, >> a fill here. That's why I moved the desk. You know, I spent all of that time perfecting the angle with the desk with this background and then I was like, oh, I'm not going to be able to fit a fill light right here and I want a full I want like a legit light. It always looks better when I have like two [music] light domes. Sometimes I cheap out and put a smaller light over here for the fill and I just don't want to do that. So I had to scoot everything over. We'll have the top-down setup. We'll have everything. This room, even though it's getting smaller by the second the more I set [music] up, the only purpose of this room of this office is just this [music] A-roll shot. That and storage. So I'm tired of spending money and I was thinking of going with these plastic shelves, but then the utility shelves always win. I think they're [music] worth it. Okay, I got all of my lights, shelves back there. We're going to be in business now. >> Oh man, okay, this looks great and it's super functional. I'm stoked on it. I was like, should we shelf? Should we not shelf? Cuz these are pretty expensive. It was like around 350 or 360 for both of them, but it was definitely the right decision because look, I was able to clean up this area and now really all there is is to set up the actual cameras and lights and things, but now I have room for that. And you know, now this these shelves can be more aesthetic and less functional. I still have some functional stuff here. A lot of stuff obviously um in the Husky, but yeah, those shelves solved a lot of my problems. >> Remember when I said I had a surprise or maybe not a surprise, but just a reveal, an exciting moment at least for me and I feel like it's going to be fun [music] for you guys. Guess what's in this box? It's the peach. It's the neon peach and it's going to hang for the first time in a long [music] time. I'm slightly nervous for this moment as well because we left California in such [music] a rush that I didn't even have time to pack this up. I literally left it up to the movers. I was like, "Listen, you guys, there's one thing that I care about. It is this neon peach. Make sure to pack it well and keep it safe." So I I don't even know. I I'm [music] just I'm I'm just praying it's okay. All right, let's see. Moment of truth. >> It looks like it's in one piece. You guys, neon like true neon signs, this is a real neon sign. They are so fragile. I've already broken it once and I had to get uh you know, this entire top tube replaced. So okay, we're looking good. I think we're looking good. Why am I getting like really sentimental seeing this again? I think it's cuz so much has happened since Yeah, I last saw this. So, it's good to see it again. >> Wow. >> Uh, I'm like nervous. Okay. Turning it on. [music] Yes. Okay, it's you know, it's a little uneven, but the neon will work its way through. Oh my gosh. You know, if anyone asked me, and I actually have a section about this in studio setup of like, "Hey, should I just get an LED sign or should I get a real neon sign?" Nine times out of 10, I'm always going to say just go LED. So much cheaper, so much easier to handle. But just seeing this again, it makes me so happy. So, I don't know. If you have the money, if you have the time and patience, get a neon sign. Man, there's something to one, the craft of this. You know, I had this made by Let There Be Neon in [music] New York. It was such a special experience to see the behind the scenes of it. I made a video about that. And gosh, I love when people I love when people just people. When they're able to do a craft that just [music] isn't that popular anymore. Okay, there's there's a cheaper way to do it that gets you 90% there, but not all the way there. But everyone everyone has LED signs now. [music] But when you get to indulge in something that's just like like for the craft, and you get that extra 10% special sauce. I love that. I love that. Life can be life-ing. And so, small stuff like this makes me happy. Just it does. It makes me happy. >> I am genuinely so stoked that the peach is up. It gives me joy. I have done so many studio setups in my day and it never gets Well, I was going to say it never gets easier. [music] I know what I want now, which is good, but it always takes a lot of time. So, if you're new to this, if you're trying out content for the first time, don't stress. It's art. [music] It's supposed to be a struggle. It's supposed to be a back and forth. I literally sat here for another like hour and a half trying to get the angle perfect. Now that I have my FX6 set up uh with the teleprompter set up um and the desk and things and >> I'm literally going to have to buy a new office chair cuz it doesn't go high enough. Basically to fit everything that I want in the shot, [music] um you know, the shelves and my neon peach. I couldn't do any more tweaking of the camera, so [music] I just had to start to raise my desk. And so, if I don't want to sit on an Apple Box every time I have to film a video, yeah, I got to get a new chair. I'm actually sponsoring today's [music] video. Hey, if you know a little bit about video, a video like this is all you need to get some inspiration to set up your new studio setup. But, if you want a step-by-step guide on the camera, lighting, the actual setting up of the studio, how do you fill a shelf and make it look aesthetic? Well, I made studio [music] setup just for you. studiosetup.com, that's where you can learn it. Three [music] different setups from budget to advanced to overkill. It's your one-stop shop for all things setting [music] up a podcast setup and a YouTube setup. And I'm actually putting together a bonus video for the people who are members [music] of studio setup of me doing the last 10% of the studio, filling out the shelves, getting my lighting tweaked, and some bonus video from this week as well. Stuff like this is actually pretty fun for me. The annoying part is the actual like moving parts. You know, [music] when I was in New York and I didn't have a kid, it was kind of just part of the thing. Like, you're always trying to find a better deal or more space or try out a new neighborhood. So, moving every year was >> was normal then. But, when we moved to LA, we were excited about laying down, you know, not deep roots, but some roots. Maybe a few years. Maybe I don't know, like living there for five years in the same space and having the same office. And obviously that didn't work out. Life hit us hard. When my mom got sick, you know, we moved to Texas very, very quick. So all of our accommodations were kind of just to get down here and were temporary and then we would find a new permanent spot cuz the house that we were renting is actually very small. Much smaller than what we need with and working from home. And so it worked out fine for a while. I actually had my childhood bedroom that I transformed into my studio for for a little bit and that was great. But then I had to move out of there and then just make our house work for everything and then that's you know what led us here cuz it just did not work out. So yeah, there's just a lot of transitioning happening again. I couldn't stay at my dad's house cuz he's selling the house. Selling our childhood home. You know, the place that I called home for almost my entire life. We stayed one place, one neighborhood for most of my life. There are so many good memories in that house and it's just like it's so bittersweet that that's happening right now. It's just weird. It's weird. It's so good to be in Texas with little Peach. She's two now, which is crazy. I love how this is just turning into a life update video. Sorry guys. She's two years old now. My dad is still staying local. He's just downsizing a bit, you know, and so we're still going to be like 5-10 minutes away from him, which is so great with our little one. You know, the closer to family we can be, just the better it is in terms of just like family life. And so even though we didn't anticipate staying in this house that we're renting right now, yeah, we were kind of obsessed with the neighborhood and so there's a part of me that wants to try to buy the house, but I don't think they are wanting to sell the house. So we're in this like weird weird back and forth because we're just we're paying way too much in rent, too. So it's like I I know if we're going to you know, it would be smart to just like get a bigger house, try to lock in somewhere for, you know, 10 years, force us to stay somewhere, but there's just weird tension of we really love the neighborhood that we're in. So, I guess we'll just keep burning the cash, rent for however long that we need to be there. Um there's just like like a neighborhood park, and we really like our neighbors, and um baby Peach has turned into like the neighborhood toddler, like everyone adores her, and so we're just we're just like feeling the love. And so, yeah, before I got this office, a part of me was just like, ah, we just need to go to the bigger house. That was like kind of the plan, but we like the small house that we're in now. And so, yeah, this office will make making videos just possible. I was going to say easier, but it's going to make it possible because it's just not possible to do in that at-home office cuz eventually John and I are probably going to have to move into that one office, both of us together, because of the limited rooms and stuff. Um I'm not alluding to anything. I'm definitely not pregnant right now, but uh if we're staying there long-term, you know, that house is going to get pretty small pretty quick. I guess we'll keep just doing life 1 year at a time. Gosh, I would love to get rid of my two storage units. With our current house now, it like came furnished, so if we can't buy it, best case, we just move our furniture in um cuz I'm so sick of having, now especially the office, to have my stuff spread out across like multiple locations, a house, an office, and two storage units. That's ridiculous. And that's why my head has just felt honestly so cluttered. So, um if I can clean that up a bit, and I think there's a way while still renting, just like, hey, landlords, take all your take all your stuff, you know, I think that would be one way to do it. I don't know why I just started rambling about that. I was going to talk more about the studio and the few things that I still need to do, but I I forgot what I was going to say. Oh, I think I was going to talk about like YouTube, but the most uh cringe boring thing ever, I think, is a YouTuber talking about YouTube when it comes to having writer's block or having video block. Like, you don't want to hear that. You just want to see videos when I can make them, right? The TLDR when you hear YouTubers from the 2016 to 2020 range talk about YouTube, which I would be in that group, a lot of us got into YouTube cuz we just liked making videos. And then once it became more formulaic and view first, money first, and all those things, ooh, that's that's when that pressure is different. That's a whole other ballgame in general, and that puts a lot of pressure, right? So, that's where that's coming from when you hear people talk about that. And I 100% feel that. I think I've gotten better at sharing scars, not open wounds. And so, I have to just keep reminding myself, like, you know the saying the saying that I said probably 7 years ago that has a life of its own now. I hear creators say it and not even like reference me, which is cool, but one for me, one for them, right? I I have to just keep reminding myself that every single video that I make can't be the best video that I ever make because well, that's just not possible, right? And every video can't tick all of the boxes of being the perfect video for my entire audience and the perfect video to make money and the perfect video that satiates my creative wants and needs, right? For me, I have to focus on like one of those for each video, and then I can like borrow bit from a second category, but I can never have all three. It's just like that saying where you can't have fast, cheap, and good quality. That's my YouTube triangle. And you know, it's very interesting in this age of AI, and obviously I'm into AI coding, and I'm very involved. And I see it all playing out on Twitter all of the time. It's interesting seeing people hop from like niche to niche, you know, coding people getting into video or business people getting to video, and they just don't realize how hard video actually is. And so, I just wanted to take a moment to encourage you out there. If video is something that you're passionate about. Do not get discouraged in this weird time that we're living in right now in 2026 with AI and stuff. Being a videographer, being a talented video editor, a producer, anything that has to do with content is such a valuable skill. Even if you can't do it for yourself, like your personal brand first, there are so many jobs now within this field. I am always looking for talented creative freelancers to work with, but there are so many like full-time positions as well. Just like video is here to stay. At least in the YouTube niche, oh my gosh, I feel like it's here to stay even more. As I see some of this like, you know, as they call it the AI slop with these new video generators going around. It's getting to the point where it's truly not all slop. Like I I see where it's going, but it's not it like we're humans. Humans like watching humans. Humans like hearing about human experience. It's going to replace that like bottom rung of content, like the bottom 30% you know on YouTube that manifests probably as like commentary content, random montages, random music playlist, right? Like all of that, yeah, it's probably going to replace by AI. I actually think it'll happen with movies. Like I don't like that it's going to happen, but I think it will. Especially with that new Chinese model that just came out. It's like the quality is crazy. And talented video editors and people who work in that field are are going to be able to use AI and still put together compelling stories, I think. Like I don't think that I'm going to be contributing dollars to that. But at this point from what I'm seeing, um saying that it's all AI slop, I think it's like slight cope. Um so, yeah, I think like the Michael Bay movie, okay, when Transformers like nine comes out, all of you guys aren't seeing that, right? But there is an audience for that. So, I think that's where that will take over as well. So, I don't I don't even know how I got on this subject. Okay, I'm just going to stop talking. This turned into like a impromptu podcast with Sarah. A state of a union if you will. Um, thanks for joining me for this video. It's kind of It was fun. You know, it was a little bit more vloggy. We love a good classic, you know, studio setup vlog. Uh, make sure you check out studiosetup.com. And yeah, I'll see you in the next video. We're We're just starting again, guys. Life has already beat me down as much as it possibly could. The only direction is up now. I don't want to jinx myself, but it's true. Like it is genuinely true. Universe, I just want to like hang out and make videos. Is that okay? Let me know if you like this video. Hit that subscribe button down below for new videos. Should Should I start saying, "Hey guys, I'm close to a million subscribers, [music] so you have to subscribe." I know subscribers don't really matter anymore. Um, I was just going to like crawl past that million mark, but I feel like I should actually make it a goal. I feel like saying it makes me a little vulnerable cuz hey, maybe it won't happen, but maybe it could happen. Okay. Stay peachy. Okay, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Umaraffiliatehub [1 likes]: “Great video! These types of products are really trending in the US right now 🔥”
  2. @MatthewCassinelli [1 likes]: I always appreciate your videos and you were one of the reasons I started originally. And I appreciate you talking about no excuses for video too and just showing up. Videos like this help me get back on the horse.
  3. @WasimKhan-vf1: Very nice video
  4. @kunthitbharat: Very nice & information video
  5. @warrenmccormackjnr4813: you are spectacularly awsome i had funding issues girl
  6. @relitestudios: The editing and timing of the cuts from 9:15 is something i am Shouting out for. I love it as a beginner creative and an instrumentalist.
  7. @man-bagdammit2297: No idea why a YouTuber needs a Studio. This is more for Show than anything.  Run your channel out of your basement. Unneeded overhead in my opinion.
  8. @therealmo_ai3000: ZOL, Zol!
  9. @billyjessop5111: You're so beautiful and talented
  10. @VinithaBonita: Why you will need a studio for YouTube? Is it necessary?
  11. @andrewhortoncomms: How annoying would it be if you set if all up and then found you had noisy neighbours... ;) Well done btw!
  12. @ryanlindner8665: needed to see this. been feeling the same way and need to get back to shooting.
  13. @ricardorente: the best part of the video was you sharing a bit about what happened to you and some of the scars. the biggest strength of youtube has always been being this space where we can entertain but also be real. that's how I can connect with you even though we live completely different lives. f*** people who just wants "content" (there's plenty of that s*** on the internet already).
  14. @technically-cool: cool! my studio setup is this green screen and sub-par lighting xD it's a work in progress!
  15. @TristinaKardashian: If it makes you feel better, I am here feeling sorry for myself because I'm about to leave my office. But hearing you say you've been doing some AI coding - just sparked my inspiration for an app idea I've been " waiting to create " for the past few years. 
I'm starting now <3
  16. @kamilhess8734: 18 times?!!!
  17. @magaz: 0:33 that shot as the door opens gave me that feeling I had when I opened the door on my first two studio spaces. They were very similar to the room you’ve got here, both in the same building. The first one was smaller than yours and a few months later another larger room became available and I had to restart again in there. I miss that building!
  18. @shawnchenco: New chair? Or just a new cylinder that is taller so its easy and cheap :D
  19. @Desterado: What’s your guys full time job now? Was it ever YouTube? Or do you do video production and the YouTube thing is on the side?
  20. @REIMDOGiii: I didn't realize how much I missed you ❤