- 💰  NO SPEND CHALLENGE » 8 Spending Freeze Tips to NO BUY and Save More Money | FRUGAL LIVING: Kind: captions Language: en what's up fam and welcome back my name is marissa and today i want to share with you eight tips on how to have a super successful no spin challenge this video is part one in my frugal february series and today we are going to be talking about everything related to no spin challenges such as how to set up your no spin challenges what are the rules to run a no spin challenge and what to do if something goes wrong before we get started do me a big favor and tap that like button but only if you love saving money and let's dive in no spin challenge tip number one is to plan ahead a lot of people when they start thinking about doing a no-spin challenge they think they can just jump right in and not spend any money for any random period of days and if you've done many challenges before maybe that's the case and that's great for you but most people require a little bit more planning ahead and forethought before they start a no spin challenge if they want to be successful think of it this way most of us wouldn't just throw a dart at a map on the wall buy a plane ticket to that place and then throw a bunch of random clothes in a bag and head over there because there's just too many things that could go wrong with that when you're outside of your comfort zone so when you're planning to do a no spin challenge you want to take things into consideration like when are you going to start when are you going to stop how long do you want to do the no spin challenge do you want to do 7 days 30 days or try to go for one full year are there any big events coming up or holidays that you need to consider and it's also good to run an audit of your stuff and see if there's anything that you're running out of that's absolutely essential that you might need to purchase in advance now that doesn't mean to run out and splurge a bunch of money right before you start the no spin challenge because that kind of defeats the purpose but if you're running out of something essential it's okay to be prepared and replace that before you start the no spin challenge so like for example i was looking at myself and i realized that i am almost out of my face wash so i'm just going to make sure to have it ready for me before i even have to start the no spin challenge because the last thing i want to worry about during a no spin challenge is not having the correct face wash for my skin and then let's say that you're trying to spend less money on groceries well then you might want to take an audit of your refrigerator and pantry and see what's hiding in the far nether regions of each and start meal planning around the ingredients that you already have that's going to help you save more money on groceries during the no spin challenge no spin challenge tip number two is to find your why maybe you want to do a financial detox or maybe you have a shopping addiction that you're trying to break when things start to get tough and you start feeling tempted to buy looking back on your why and remembering the money goals that you're working towards can help get you back on track if you've seen my video about the five steps that i use to set and achieve all my goals you'll see that the first thing i always do is identify my why because it's easier to overcome temptation and stop making excuses when you remember those big picture goals in fact let's turn this into an action step do me a favor and go down to the comment section and drop me your why why do you want to run a no spin challenge what brought you to me today i would love to see either a comment or even if you want to drop an emoji that represents something that you're working to save towards i look forward to reading your comments no spin challenge tip number three is to identify problems versus solutions chances are that if you want to do a no spin challenge you have a pretty good idea of what your money problems are before you start sit down with a pen and paper and jot down two columns problems that you think might cause you to break your no spin challenge and list out solutions to prevent that so let's say that when you're bored you just start scrolling on tick tock or instagram or some other social media platform and browsing because you don't have anything else to do and that causes you to start buying a lot of crap that you don't need what could you do instead to substitute this negative behavior for a positive behavior if you have a hobby or crafts that you enjoy you might try to do that like reading a book or knitting you could try meditating or drink some tea or call a friend to chat and catch up what you want to do is you want to pre-identify any roadblocks that are going to stand between you and your no-spin challenge success goals and try to think of ways that you're going to navigate around them when they come up because they will come up make no mistake no spin challenge tip number four is to pick a level and there's all sorts of ways that you can choose to run a no spin challenge but i like to think of three levels easy level the medium level and the hard level that i also like to think of as boss mode at the easiest level you would just choose to eliminate maybe a certain spending category that you have problem with like you just want to stop shopping for clothing for a set period of time or you just want to stop spending money on eating out and you just eliminate one category for however long you decide to do the challenge whether it's 7 days or 30 days at the medium level you're going to eliminate all non-essential items that means no eating out no spending money to get takeaway coffee no buying clothing so you still need to gas up your car you still need to get groceries to eat food but basically anything else that isn't related to water food shelter anything absolutely essential you want to cut completely and then at the next level we have hard or boss mode at boss mode level not only are you going to cut all the non-essential items but you're also going to take it up a notch by trying to make extra money whether that means picking up some more shifts at work or trying to do some odd jobs around the neighborhood to make a little bit of extra cash on the side what i'm going to be doing is i'm going to try to be selling some clutter items that i have been saving specifically for this purpose because our home is so minimal it's no problem for me to just put those in a bag i've been saving them until this very moment and i'm gonna see how much money i'm actually able to make on top of the saving that i'm doing by cutting the non-essential items i do want to point out that some of these items probably would sell better on ebay like these kendall kendall such as these kenner shimmers which are collectible items from the 80s they probably would sell better on ebay but for the purpose of this video because i'm doing it as a month-long no spin challenge i'm just going to try to sell locally if you want to know more about how to sell on ebay so you can make money selling your clutter in the future make sure to go watch this video which i'll link up here no spin challenge tip number five is to lay down your rules and when you lay down your rules that means setting out the guidelines that you're going to follow and if you're doing this as a family you need to make sure that everyone knows and agrees upon the rules which is why on my no spin challenge principle i actually included a section where you can write out the rules and that's a good idea to write them out together as a family and then put the printable somewhere where everyone can see it and refer to it and then make note of any exceptions or allowances like sometimes emergencies happen and you need to spend money like if your car breaks down and you need a new battery you gotta get to work and gotta make money to keep paying your bills so don't let that interrupt your no spend challenge no spend challenge tip number six is to track each day it's not only helpful to track the days but it's also helpful to take note of any slip-ups so that you can analyze them later and figure out how to prevent those kinds of slip-ups in the future you might have noticed throughout this video that i've been using printables from my minimalist budget binder like the meal planning template to do the pantry audit and my resale tracker to jot down the clutter that i'm selling and i'm also using my no spin challenge printable to keep track of the days and i personally like to fully color in the chart with green for successful days and red for the days that i might slip up but you can also use circles or x's or whatever suits your style i will make sure to link my minimalist budget binder and the other no spin challenge printables that i have down below but please remember you do not need printables like this to be successful if you have something like an old calendar laying around or a notebook or just a pen and a piece of paper jot down and keep track of the days as you go through them and that's going to help you keep your eye on the prize and visualize for a more successful no spin challenge no spin challenge tip number seven is to forgive but don't forget so some people when they run no spin challenges like to just give up and stop if they slip up and they spend money but personally i like to use the forgive but don't forget philosophy which means that when you slip up and you do spend money during a no spin challenge you forgive yourself for that but then you also take a look and figure out what exactly what went wrong and keep going so that you can notice this pattern of behavior that causes you to spend money when you don't want to spend money and prevent it in the future and then see how much further you can get through the challenge can you make it all the way through without making the same mistake again and finally no spin challenge tip number eight is to have a gamification mindset have fun with it because if something is fun you're going to be more likely to want to continue that behavior in the future you're tracking you're visualizing you're doing all of these things and the reward at the end the prize that you're getting through this gamification is the money that you save when you think of saving money as fun when you think of budgeting is fun when you think that this is something that you're going to be able to do and feel good about it then you're going to be more likely to continue this behavior in the future i hope you enjoyed these no spin challenge tips today if you haven't already please make sure to like this video and maybe consider subscribing to my channel to join our minimalist family we would love to see you around again especially to continue this challenge which is lasting the entire month of february but no matter when or where you're joining us from i believe that it is possible for you to save money and change your money future and if you're looking for more tips and ideas on how to stop buying things that you don't need or save more money make sure to go check out one of these videos and until next week i'll see you again take care bye bye oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @jas3433 [1 likes]: My why: I am 21 and wanting to save up and move out on my own and become independent! I’m finishing my final year of university and this is the time where I need to start taking things seriously. I need to pay off my credit cards and budget for my future apartment fund ( plus loans lol!) so this video is super helpful ❤ thank you so much for the information!!!
  2. @egyphon [1 likes]: Finally a useful video on how to do NO BUY, thank you!
  3. @annrucker9159 [1 likes]: To be more financially stable.
  4. @ElishaSwan-r4r: Why: to pay all my bills on time every time and start a savings account
  5. @theliberatingtruthsmovemen8052: I'm trying to start an emergency fund for those just in case moments, when money is needed. my problem is that I too often spend on a whim. this is my moment to say enough already, and finally start this no spend challenge.
  6. @LamarMeans-w3i: Awesome
  7. @juliauren1338: Thanks for your advice I got so much from this video
  8. @juliauren1338: I want to go on holidays  and pay for course s
  9. @auroravent2020: I'm retired and want to have plenty of savings for provisions for the rest of life by being wise what God has providednme.
  10. @TeresaSvk: WHY? Because its STUPID, the amount of money i have already spent which made little to no difference in my life. Its all just stuff. I need to enjoy the present moment without wanting stuff.
  11. @myahtutton140: I want to start a no spend challenge because I have a spending habit on things that I don’t need.
  12. @NelamiKauffman8589: I want to finish paying off my mortgage this year. 15 year mortgage paid in 4 years.
  13. @gabrielsantana113: Until June I'm working in a foreign country before coming back to my home country. I need to save up money here because there isn't much of any jobs from where I live. But I keep wasting it on junk. It's genuinely an addiction
  14. @Adriana-mia: I am working towards saving money for many years now. I have rarely met supportive people. One former coworker invited me over for a dinner, which she prepared on the spot after we went to a nearby grocery store. She bought all the necessary for one meal, and I was shocked to see the inside of her fridge: nearly empty. All the stuff we bought was used for that meal, except for a bit of onion and some spices. For comparison, my fridge was never ever that empty. I've always thrown out food. Now, after 10 years, my fridge looks similarly and I am so happy to have found Marissa, who teaches this and many more. Thank you for your channel, Marissa!
  15. @ollie_dxm: I want to save up enough to have the financial freedom to pay for my master's degree out of pocket!
  16. @gregorygutierrez6132: Save money for Switzerland trip, I want to buy the airplane tickets
  17. @aliceqt0: I want to go to Stockholm for a few days! Alice from Milan ❤
  18. @CrazyIsContagious_MIA: I spend about 25 grand a year on Amazon running my daycare and supplies for my house. I’d like to knock that down to 10 grand a year but it’s so easy to think of something and just buy it. I owe about 20 grand on a car but everything else is paid off. We only make about 90, 000 a year so spending almost a quarter of it is crazy. Now, I don’t shop anywhere else but groceries. So my budget is really simple but I want to build a giant room onto my house for the daycare and I’m going to get a loan but I want to save the money for it first so I need about 75,000 saved before I’ll allow myself to get a loan. The loan is to keep my credit working for me. I’m 45 and have a history of just buying whatever I want. I grew up poor, homeless at times so when I grew up I started working in every direction to get money flowing.. but I still spend it like crazy. Help me curb my ridiculous spending habits to make my goals happen!
  19. @sofielys5452: I want to work less
  20. @racheladams3556: Goal for the no-spend is to have at least £415 in my savings account at month-end. 

Continued focus is to save for a driving course/career prospects and eventually a camper van. 

Overarching goal is to retire us early. Financial freedom.

- How to Prepare for a NO SPEND month #vlogmas2024 #nospendchallenge: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel in today's video we are going to dive into how to prepare for a no spend if you have never heard of a no spend it is basically a detox or a cleanse from spending money during this time you would still pay bills pay off debt save money and do any essential spending that you need to do but you would just not spend money outside of that or you may select certain categories that you don't spend money so I do this various times throughout the year and I wanted to talk about today how I prepare in order to get my finances ready for a no spend so your very first step to prepare for a no spin is to set a goal why are you doing a no spin so it could be to save a certain amount of money to pay off debt to get in control of your spending or your spending habits to save for a particular event you need to decide why you are doing this so usually my goal is either to prepare for an upcoming event or to recover from an event that has just happened so I'll be saving money in order to get prepared for an event or saving money to recover from one your second step to prepare for a no spin month is to decide how long and when you are going to do this I have seen people do a no spin year and also seen people do a no spin week I usually like to do 30 days I will pick 4 months out of the year in which I will do a no spin now my four months are usually surrounding certain events so mine are January to recover from Christmas June to prepare for my birthday month which is July August to prepare for back to school and November to prepare for Christmas and so I do have sinking funds for all of the different categories that I have talked about but having a no spin in addition to my sinking fund really does boost my savings around this time and my goal is to save $11,000 each one of these months so your third step to prepare for a no spin month is to set rules around your no spend what does no spending mean to you you can decide to only do essential spending during this time or you can only cut out certain spending categories usually for us we will focus in on one specific category and ours is usually around food and this is because food is our top spending category and we know that if I can cut this one down if I do no restaurants no fast food in 30 days then I am more likely to be able to save a nice amount of money and this could also mean that you limit that spending instead of cutting it out completely which is also something that I like to do your fourth step to prepare for a no spin month is to add your exceptions you don't want to be too strict on yourself or you may may not be successful with your no spin so I usually like to think through anything that might happen that month that may hurt our overall Success With A No spin so for me my daughter's birthday is January 31st so I know that's going to be an exception cuz we're going out to eat and also I'm going to give us one weekend day either a Friday or a Saturday where we can still eat out I know doing this still allows us to save money without us feeling so restricted that we may not be successful your fifth step to prepare for a nose spin is to track your nose spin days the biggest part about doing a no spin is staying encouraged and motivated on this journey many times you may feel throughout the month like why am I doing this am I even saving enough money but when I keep a Tracker of my no spend days and how well I'm doing and how much I am saving this helps me to stay motivated and continue to save more money so definitely keep track it's going to keep you motivated on this journey step six is to think of anything that might hinder you from being successful think of what possibly could stop you from achieving your goal for instance with me I know that if I don't meal plan or meal prep or if I don't go to the grocery store on a consistent basis if I'm don't have an accurate list of how many snacks I have in the house or if I am am not preparing and talking to my husband ahead of time ahead of the week this could definitely stop us from achieving our nose spin because we are going to have those days where we are tired where we may not feel like cooking and if we are not prepared and don't have enough snacks on hand this could definitely hurt our no Spin and we could end up spending money eating fast food and your last step is to prepare prepare prepare you have to plan out your entire month on a monthly calendar look and see all of the events that are coming up that month you have to review your monthly budget or create a new budget in preparation for a no spin you have to review your pantry and your fridge and really deeply think through anything that you could possibly do that could help you on this process so definitely prepare before you start a no Spin and you are more likely to be successful with that no spend so guys I hope that this video has helped you and I am doing this in preparation of January because I'm going to be doing a no spin in the month of January y'all let me know if y'all have certain months where you do a no spin or if you do them at all I would love to hear from you and I will see you all in my next video Until then keep organizing your life so that you can achieve your dreams bye guys for

  Top Comments:
  1. @leahnjokik.1450 [2 likes]: I have never tried. This year will be my first time.
  2. @Herbs4u2 [2 likes]: My no spending came automatically. During my monthes of being unemployed I only spend money on paying my bills and grocery shopping.
  3. @SR0430 [2 likes]: Happy New Year ❤ best of health wealth and happiness ❤❤
  4. @lateshadoss8781 [2 likes]: Good tips for sure. I tend not to be success with my no spends but I also haven’t really prepared for them. Thanks for the info and will definitely be adding to my January budget meeting.
  5. @Maximus09Prime [1 likes]: Great video thank you! I’m going to be trying no-spends for the last month in each quarter for 2025!
  6. @pearly-greaty [1 likes]: I really do wish to get a planner like yours in Nigeria here. Your videos are so inspiring. Thank you 🙏
  7. @marshainstyle [1 likes]: I love this. This will be my first time trying a No Spend month. I'm ready to start in January 😊
  8. @MsLee-oh7hy: ❤ 🎉😊 Thanks so much for making this video.
  9. @ricebaby: The examples you gave were perfect cus my birthday is also in July 😂😂
  10. @Thequietcleanqueen: I rather watch the organized money than Dave Ramsey honestly. I understand you wayyyyy better. It's simple clean and direct. You give real life situations. You BREAK IT DOWN TO THE TEA! I appreciate you a lot. That is just my opinion. I think that if anyone is teaching about money you have to teach as if you are teaching children because we didn't learn this in school. So thank you!
  11. @tamarasuell: I like the concept of having a no spend month vs. a no spend year. A no spend year is too unrealistic and more likely not to happen.
  12. @jen-x-erplansstuff5407: January is always a no spend month for me too....12 days in and so far so good!
  13. @dnwanja: Love this❤
  14. @klomax7089: This is a great idea and I’m going to do it. 👍🏽
  15. @briteddy9759: No, I do not do a no-spend period. Instead I try to control spending in general without being stingy.
  16. @BirdieBath48: Beautiful handwriting
  17. @nhs1002: Hello, I am going to start with a no spend week, to get used to that as I am a huge spender. I think it will be easier for me and it will be the best way to stay motivated. All the best from France 🇨🇵 and Happy New Year🎉
  18. @vwashington1051: January 2025
  19. @kristadavis2825: We are doing our first No Spend month in January due to a medical bill and our escrow going up. 
With 2 kids that homeschool and a nursing baby, the food budget is our biggest obstacle. We have to drop it to $100 a week, which is fine due to my canning/Winter pantry but my responsibilities make cooking supper difficult and hubby gets home too late to do that (which is why he tends to cook on his one day off).
  20. @madswansfan1: I’m doing a no spend on eating out in December (the exception is for birthday dinners which we have a few this month) after realising how much I’ve been spending in each of the last 4 months.

- My No Spend Year | Michelle McGagh | TEDxManchester: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Amanda Chu Reviewer: Peter van de Ven Hi. I hope you all had a bullet coffee, or bulletproof coffee, to keep you going through the last of the day. Um, okay. So imagine the scene: You've had a really hard day at work; you have got to get something for dinner on the way home; you pop into one of those mini supermarkets that are on every single corner; you think, "I'll get some of that fresh pasta and sauce"; you go in, get your shopping; by the time you leave, you've spent fifteen quid. You're not quite sure how you've done it, and it's really annoying. If you've ever done that, you're not alone. That was me. I wasn't in loads of debt, apart from my mortgage. I wasn't racking up purchases on credit cards. I'm not a spendaholic. But my money was frittering out of my account, and I had nothing to show for it, so I decided to do something about it. I decided to stop spending for a year. But back up a little bit. Because it wasn't just supermarket trips and Tesco's that made me stop spending, it was kind of a general discontentment with where my money was going and my role as a consumer. And it was kick-started when me and my husband bought a house, and it needed quite a lot of work doing to it. And we decided to put all our stuff in one of those really expensive storage units. And we were living out of those little plastic drawers you get from B&Q or something like that. And we had a few clothes, our pots and pans, and our bikes. And we're all right, you know, we're fine. We're living an okay life, a bit dusty in the house. And now and again, we'd have to go back to the storage unit There was a lot of stuff in that storage unit. Admittedly, most of it was mine. And it was rammed. I wouldn't even be able to tell you what was in the back of it. Until one day, I went there, and I saw a box, big box, about this big, and on the side of it, in my own handwriting, it said, "NOT NEEDED" in capital letters. (Laughter) It struck me! Then why the bloody hell did I have it? I didn't even know what was in the box, and I still don't know now. It's long gone. And I went home, and I googled a really quite embarrassing phrase, actually. I googled "get rid of stuff" because I needed to be told how to put things in a bin or at least maybe be given permission to do that. And as Herb mentioned, all these sites came up, the minimalist, all these sites came up, these people saying, "I got rid of all my stuff, and it was amazing, and I feel great, and I'm so unburdened." I thought, "Yea, this is what I want. I don't want the big storage unit for the stuff. I want to live a life that these people are talking about." So my husband was totally on board, probably because most of that crap was mine anyway. We started getting rid of our stuff; we were selling it, we donated it, we gave stuff to friends and family. And we got rid of about 80% of our possessions, and it was brilliant. And it was through these minimalist websites that I found out about "Buy Nothing Day." Now "Buy Nothing Day" falls on Black Friday, which for some reason we have imported from the US even though we don't have Thanksgiving. And instead of going out and squabbling with your neighbors for cut-price tellies in the supermarket or the shopping center, you buy nothing. You spend time with your kids, you read a book, you go for a walk; whatever it is, it doesn't cost you any money. I thought, "What a brilliant idea! I bet I could do it for a year." And so I did. The idea of a no-spend year - By giving up spending, it would force me to live a different life, and it'd address two concerns I was having. The first one was that I wasn't making the most of my money - the embarrassing bit being that, by trade, I'm a financial journalist, and I've spent 10 years telling everyone what to do with their money, and I wasn't actually taking any responsibility for my own. The second thing was my role as a consumer. I was really sick of that being my only purpose, that I would go to work for eight hours to earn money to buy things that I was told would make me happy. But we're all told, "Buy this. This is what you need in your life." That then didn't make me happy, so I'd go back to work for another eight hours to earn more money to buy different things that I was then told would make me happy. Then I was spending money to repair and insure and replace those things that weren't making me happy. So my no-spend year started on Black Friday, 2015, and there are some rules. So I had to pay for the things I had to pay for. I had to pay my mortgage and my water rates, my council tax. I also paid my broadband and my mobile because I'm freelance, or else I wouldn't be able to work and it really would've been a no-spend year. And I also kept paying things like charitable contributions. And I had a very small food budget, or grocery budget, so it's three meals a day, plus very basic toiletries and basic cleaning products for house, clothes, washing powder, things like that. And it would be an extreme way to find out what I could do without but also what I really needed to live a happy life. And it was hard going. You know, there's no better way of putting it, mostly because I didn't give myself any transport budget, so I cycled everywhere for a year and spent a lot of time looking like ... that. Yeah, a lot of time looking like that. But I found - Over those 12 months, it was a real life, you know, and I learned a lot in being extremely frugal, and I still had a life. That's the amazing part. I found so many new ways to have fun and to socialize and to still be the person I was before. I mean, I live in London, and there is an amazing amount of free things to do on my doorstep: galleries, exhibitions, concerts, museums. I was just too lazy to take advantage of them before. I was defaulting to going to the pub after work, to going out for dinner because it's easy. And it takes a bit of time to, you know, find free events. But I always had lots of nights in as well. Let's see if this would work. This is me and my friend Kat, who's going to kill me for putting this in. This is us mucking around with free beauty products. We basically raided my cupboards to see if we could find free sort of face packs and things. It's of oats and water, surprisingly a good exfoliator. And, you know, I didn't actually think of myself as that vain a person before I did the challenge, but, yeah, I am. Especially because I ended up sort of having what resembles, I suppose, like a lizard skin because I was so wind whipped because I'd spent so much time doing this. This was taken in Southwold, where I managed to have a free holiday. Me and my extremely understanding husband strapped a tent and our sleeping bags and some food to our bikes, and we just left London, and we cycled towards the coast. And we just spent a week camping on the beach, washing in - well, washing - being in the sea and sitting out under the stars. And actually, that week was the best week that I had in the entire challenge. And funny enough - something Dan said earlier this morning in his talk about technology - I didn't have my phone because I didn't have anywhere to charge it. And it was living in the world, and it was just the best experience, so good that I was actually going to do it again this year, when I don't have to. And it was that good that I didn't actually mind when this happened. Two days in, lost my shoe somewhere in Great Yarmouth, mmm. And that wasn't the only casualty of the year. This is my jeans by the end - saddle marks you can see there. And I was a mess, but I was a really content and happy mess. Although this was a good feeling, this is the first thing I bought. It was a massive round of drinks for my friends and family, and say "Thank you" for supporting me. It was a good feeling. And it was a massive celebration that night, you know - I'd done it. People said, "Ah sh-t, gosh, you can't do that!" I'd done it, and I'd saved loads of money. I'd saved just over 22,000 pounds. It's a huge sum. And I didn't go on a mad spending spree, like everyone thought I would do. I did something really sensible, and lots of people said, "Uh, so boring. Can't believe you did this." I overpaid my mortgage, finally listening to my own advice - which means that I'll pay my mortgage for fewer years, but it also means that I pay less interest to the bank, which makes me happy, because who likes banks. But it wasn't rocket science, you know. I spent less, so I saved more. Of course that would happen and I would save loads. Because I embarked on a ridiculously frugal thing to do. But what I wasn't expecting was the impact it would have on my life and my attitude and my outlook. And over that year, I really pushed myself: I did things I wouldn't have done, I saw things I wouldn't have seen, and I met people that I wouldn't have met and who have become really, really good friends. And I've changed: I'm more outgoing; I'm more adventurous; I say yes more; and I know what's important to me, and I can tell you, categorically, that it's not things. I mean I used to shop probably for the same reasons you do - because I was bored, because I was happy, because I was sad, because I was treating myself, because the thing that I was buying I thought would make me better looking or more interesting or cooler or just better somehow - that we could somehow buy a better life. And I think that that lie is really pervasive in our sort of quick-fix culture where we're told by advertisers all the time, "Buy this. This will make you happy." And it will for a little bit of time until your mood changes because you're having another bad day or because the thing that is the thing to buy has changed - the new thing has come along. And if you don't have the money for those quick fixes, like I didn't, you'd start thinking more long-term, you'd start thinking, Actually what is important to me? And that's what I'd like you all to think about: If you have disposable income - and we have to acknowledge there're people in this country budgeting right down to the last 50 P, who do not have that income - but if you do, I think you've got a real responsibility to use it wisely. Now I'm not saying you should all do what I do and stop spending straightaway and cycle everywhere and walk around with holes in the arse of your jeans. But just think about your money. In this country, we hate talking about money, for whatever reason. It's our British sensibilities; we do not like talking about money. And I think that gives it a lot of control. I bet people in this room would rather talk to me about their sex life than their bank balance. But what I'd like you to do is just start thinking about the areas where you waste money or where you don't really need to spend money. There's probably something in your head already. I'm not going to make everyone stand up for some weird sort of confession and admit what they spend money on. I just want you to think about it and then maybe go home and have a look at your bank statements. Simple thing, two or three months' worth, just to find out where your money's going. I looked at a year's worth of bank statements, which is horrifying. I basically spent 400 quid on coffee in a year, and I don't really like coffee that much, not that bothered by it. (Laughter) But the thing is if you don't know where your money's going, you can't stop it going to those places. And you need to ask yourself - once you've found out where that money's going - ask yourself, Is it making me happy? But the difficult bit, I think, is really the next part, which is asking yourself, What will make me happy? What would you all love to do? Maybe it's take the kids on an amazing safari holiday or take a year out to write a book or retrain for a new job, which, according to Volcker, we're all going to have to do anyway. Or maybe you just want to put a couple of grand aside to make sure you have that emergency buffer to give you some financial security. And once you have the long-term goal, then you can start to decide whether the short-term spending is worth sacrificing that long-term goal, or pushing that long-term goal further ahead. My long term goal is, very boringly, overpay my mortgage. But if I do that, if I get rid of my mortgage, that means that I know I don't have to work until I'm 80 years old, because I'll have some financial security, that I'll own my own home. And working towards my long-term goal makes me feel like this. So hopefully it will come up. That's how it makes me feel. So, no amount of short-term spending has ever made me feel like that, if I'm honest. But it all comes down, you know - That comes down to sort of reassessing my priorities. Now, I'd just ask myself one question before I hand over any money. I would just ask myself, Do I need this or do I just want this? And if it's need, excuse me - If it's need, genuine need, then I buy it. If it's just want, I put my purse back in my pocket. Because I actually don't think that we ask yourself that enough. We say, "I only need that new pair of jeans," and you've got three sitting in the wardrobe. It's a really simple question, but it has a big impact. But it all comes down to your priorities. I can't tell you where to stop spending money or what to spend your money on. But it's about deciding whether you want your short-term thrill that you'll get, if you're happy to give up your short-term thrill of the new shoes or the new phone to achieve a longer-term goal that might actually make a real impact to your life, that might be a real achievement for you or change your life totally. I can tell you what makes you feel like this. I can tell you which one will last longest. We can all take responsibility for our future, for our money, and for our own happiness. The only thing I can tell you is that that happiness cannot be bought in a shop. Thank you for listening. (Applause) (Cheers)

  Top Comments:
  1. @lac28ify [37 likes]: My NO SPEND YEAR starts today!
  2. @melissafarrand5663 [23 likes]: I’ve watched this video every year since it’s been uploaded. It’s the most inspiring Ted Talk to me.
  3. @tben5379 [3 likes]: I plan on starting March 1st 2024.... Wish me well!
  4. @Subhambaniks [3 likes]: YouTube should encourage this talk and push it to more and more feed. It is such a relevant topic to discuss especially with the youngsters.
  5. @ShatteredRippleBooks [2 likes]: I wish there was more to do in my town. I'm a shopping addict who is trying to cut down on my spending. I'm an emotional shopper so I have to work really hard on taking note of when I am likely to spend. Then stop myself which is hard coz the craving symptoms are a nightmare! I've started watching videos like this coz they help me refocus my attention on positive action against my addiction.
  6. @nadjahorvat-marcovic1370 [1 likes]: I’m on a No Spend 2023 x
  7. @verenagraham1606: I did this for 3months then caved in .I paid several bills off and felt happier. I'm going to try this again starting now ❤
  8. @sarahwoods4822: Have read your
Book twice and adopted a few changes to my spending habits over the years. Very inspiring to read and learn from. Have now got income protection insurance aswell after reading about it in your book.
  9. @thedrummerguy1: People that spend less and have less are more likely to have more and have better quality items of the few they own.

Knowledge is power.
  10. @cathygage-u8e: Also, you are darling, so adorable, fun to watch!
  11. @cathygage-u8e: Thank you Michelle, what a moving presentation. Thank you for sharing your personal experience. I will favor this TED and watch it over and over!
  12. @SpicyMelange: Thank you for this.
  13. @marietomlinson4403: Such an inspiring talk!
  14. @ИпполитМатвеевич-у4ч: Careful what you wish for. Buy nothing and further damage the world economy. You buy nothing and if everyone does that millions of people around the world will lose their jobs, lose their income and starve, even in the rich countries. Soon the zombie apocalypse gets you in a boomerang fashion. You lose your job, etc.
  15. @thehomemakersblog23: I read her book a few months ago and loved it! I highly recommend reading it too 😊
  16. @dddsss5320: Привет от харчевникова!
  17. @arslanmanzoor6862: Don't ask questions, just consoom product, then get excited for next products
  18. @useryoutubeguest: TIME is the problem. we are all running out of it before death. stuff takes time, either to buy or maintain it.
  19. @magnificoas388: Well well the title is misleading since you earned the same amount and spent it all :)
  20. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: awful

- 30 DAY NO SPEND CHALLENGE 💸🛍️ building better habits, realigning myself & what I actually love: Kind: captions Language: en back in the first few months of the year I was feeling at my lowest and I was just feeling so unmotivated and because of this I quickly became aware of a bad habit that had been getting worse and I'm currently trying to unlearn Maggie just announced their like dead stock collection the orange with the blue this is so nice no bad Tiffany you don't need it every time I was feeling down my way to cope can be broken down into a Formula One lay horizontal two open Tick Tock and or Instagram three fall for an ad probably with a sale for continuously shop Non-Stop and obsess over things or order food to treat myself to fill a void and that's why I decided to do a month of no spending because I wanted to realign myself and to spend in a more intentional way and this is how it went [Music] foreign one of the things about challenges is that you can't be too hard on yourself if you do fail quote unquote on a few days day one of no spending I'm I'm not starting off very strong I find that the one thing that makes me give up faster on a challenge is when I'm not forgiving on myself and unlearning bad habits isn't a easy feat by itself and being hard on yourself doesn't get you any closer to the goal it's the intention to start and continue your challenge I planned like meeting up with people that are visiting in Vegas for this weekend way before and uh we're going to we're going to a pool party I am getting an Uber oh my goodness yesterday was kind of a fail a little little tiny fail I then mowed my friend 52 dollars for the lift I did not think that the lift coming back would be so expensive I'm very tired only been five days since I started this Challenge and I'm already feeling like it's it's not been as hard probably because I just started but also for the fact that like I've been filling my time with a lot of socializing just hanging out at people's houses or like online on like a video chat I'm a lot happier when I'm socializing and just going out and meeting people I don't have as much like idle time which means I'm less sad I think also scheduling social time makes me want to like work harder and faster during like work hours and then leave the night time to like fun stuff hi I just got a free coffee from downstairs because I was really craving going to the cafe this is like the end of the first week it's day seven so besides my insurance bill I spent 12 dollars and two cents on dish soap which is a necessity because I had to buy diet and the only other thing that I spent money on was the Uber or Lyft ride that I took that was 52 dollars I am noticing more and more though like when I do talk to my gal Pals and we're just like on a video call when one person gets like that shopping trigger of like oh my God I want to like shop and look for this one thing I feel that like trigger and my friend also doesn't I don't think she knows that I'm doing this and she started messaging me like oh should I buy this should I buy this I'm like this is really not helping me but yeah one of the most helpful things that I learned to do is swapping whenever I started to feel the bad habit itch come up again I would try to swap it out with something that I knew that I enjoyed one of them is to take care of my houseplants the act of snipping off dying leaves fertilizing them and making them grow healthier always makes me feel better when my plants Thrive I thrive when I'm not thriving my plants suffer as well some other things that I really enjoyed doing was going on walks and feeling the sun on my skin or looking through the things I already have and seeing if I can use it in a new way I was able to pull out a lot of my creative Hobbies of previous things that I've bought in the past but never have touched because I was too busy for them and I decided that I was gonna make a painting with no intention for it to be beautiful I just wanted to have fun I wanted to paint something that I really liked from my Sketchbook a lot of my stress was actually also from my creativity I felt like I I wasn't making art that I liked anymore and because of that I went into a cycle of I want to draw but I don't know what to draw and even if I know what to draw it's gonna be something that I don't like anyway so why should I draw it and I was just in like this very negative mindset throughout the first few months of this year I really had to talk myself into making this painting so what really really helped me was to just choose an image that I had already drawn in the past that I was really drawn to and really connected with and just make it in a different way make it with a different medium and after I made this I actually felt very satisfied for me as like a creative and artist one of the most fulfilling things that I can feel in my life is to finish something that I'm proud of no matter how big or how small every time I make a piece that I'm very satisfied with or knew that I tried really hard to create it makes me feel accomplished and it makes me not yearn for or anything else I knew I was really feeling this piece because I painted for hours non-stop on end and I had no idea what time it was I just kept going and it just ended up being nighttime and I was still painting have you ever thought to yourself I wish there was a platform that can house all of my different types of interest because I have so many of them imagine you need a space where you can put your art portfolio so that you can show future clients or just to have a digital Gallery online that's not social media but you also want to sell all of those cute stickers and products that you have designed and sometimes maybe you want a Blog where you can include all of your adventures in Squarespace is one of those platforms where you can almost do everything on you can even buy a domain straight from them after browsing a lot of their templates it seems like they have something for everybody designing a layout only takes a few clicks and then it becomes a beautiful place for all of your creativity head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch you can use my code Apple cheeks for 10 off a purchase of your first website or domain thank you Squarespace for sponsoring this video okay this is cheating a little bit but we have this cash out ticket that's one day expired and we're gonna use this to cash out and then buy a meal so technically it's free oh my gosh y'all I'm leaving for a keshi concert in like 15 minutes and I've just been editing the whole no and I haven't even put on anything worthy of Kashi I pretty much have 15 minutes to slap on some makeup shoot I didn't eat dinner yet I don't have time I bought this ticket like I think four months ago I wish I was the type of person that can like put on eyeliner in like five seconds okay this is the catchy fits I pretty much just changed from my blue meals pants to my khaki I need to go I'm late [Applause] I feel so old we left um probably a few songs early because both T and I are starting to get back pain and like knee pain but oh my God I loved when he performed drunk because everyone in the audience was singing and it was just so much full I'm also ready for ramen this is gonna taste so good killed it hello it is the end of week two so it looks like my only only thing that I spent money on this time was gas and I spent 43.22 but I count that as a necessity dang I honestly did not think I would last this long even when I went to concerts and events I just kind of prepped myself beforehand so I didn't get tempted to buy like a snack or to buy a drink so like I made sure my stomach was full and I didn't buy some like overpriced nachos or something I'm gonna go to like a small lunch gathering with some friends I recently even just giving away my merch as like a as a little thing because I can't I feel weird going empty-handed to other people's houses so I've just been giving away merch because I can't buy anything I would usually buy like a bottle of wine or like some snacks or something but since I can't do that everyone's gonna get merch now I feel kind of like I'm going golfing or like going on a cruise it does not too much I I'm gonna cut my hair I've been wanting to cut my hair for a while but I just don't want that interaction of sitting at a hair salon I get really shy pretty much like if I put it in the back it's almost touching my butt what am I doing okay okay um did I show you how to do this also I'm supposed to be recording a little preview video from my Adobe live stream coming up so I hope this doesn't look too bad sorry to set it a little bit oh my gosh I feel lighter what do I do at least I saved seventy dollars getting my hair cut do I know what I'm doing I wish I knew what I was doing yes upwards I should have gotten like a haircut scissors but no spend months it literally looks exactly the same where did all that hair go okay so this is the final haircut it's not bad something about like holding hair like my hair but it's not connected to my head and my hands it feels so weird it feels kind of like I'm holding like a cut off pinky it's radia's birthday week I am gonna spray paint this little heart frame that I got a while back when I was thrifting and I'm gonna spray paint it pink and then probably draw her Cooney my mindset with gift giving has also been evolving a little bit the past few years I always thought that the best way to give gifts is to always give something new but I remember as a child especially when I had no money to buy new things my favorite way of giving gifts was hand making something or drawing something or just making a card for someone and I always felt so like sentimentally attached to those things so I know that when I give it to someone that they will feel my love in it I would love to bring that aspect back into my life because every time I wanted to get a gift for someone and I bought them something it didn't really feel like it was from the heart so I really like this and I also love the fact that I can take something that I already own maybe revamp it and make it more suitable for that person and just customize it so that I know that they can enjoy this one thing that I made for them I also am starting to like the idea of giving someone something that no longer brings me happiness but I know will bring them immense happiness I'm really trying to learn that just because something is no longer new doesn't mean that it doesn't have the potential to bring joy somewhere else I think it's so cool just knowing that there is a history behind this one object and knowing that someone else loved it before me and someone else will love it for me in the future so bad I know I shouldn't have done this but I went on Facebook Marketplace and I found two things that really are cool so the first thing is this accordion sewing box like are you kidding me and then also this record table I think it would be perfect to put like my finished paintings inside this is so funny to me because I know Facebook Marketplace always gets to me and I always just want to go on and look at if there's like any new furniture on there that would potentially fit in my space even though I don't need new furniture I also made it a goal to put anything that I wanted into a wish list and I will kind of monitor it if I still wanted it in two weeks or a month or two months then I know that's something that I truly want and need versus something that I just impulsively saw and wanted to buy I'm a strong believer that if someone buys that thing before I buy it then it wasn't meant to be and I have to let it go and so I went to my pop-up event and I was not really thinking much about it which shows that I didn't need it in the first place and at this event I met a lot of new faces new friends and I didn't think about those pieces of furniture at all throughout the entire thing and four hours later this is what happened maybe this is for the best and I can definitely tell that these were impulsives because after I realized that both of them were sold I pretty much forgot about these two pieces and I to this day have not thought about them since I just got home I thought I would be so tempted to buy a drink or like a little snack while I was there because it was like a four hour long pop-up but they gave me a free drink I also found this snake plant on the floor and I'm gonna propagate it um so since this is all mushy I'm gonna cut it above right here wait okay yeah right here let go with water and then you just stick it in there week three is over I don't think I spent anything in week three but right now I'm gonna go get some free coffee downstairs and then pretend that the lobby is a cafe and I'm gonna read a little bit man we're already on our last week and I cannot wait to be able to just like buy like a cheese corn dog the serotonin that I was looking for when online shopping is that feeling of when you buy something thinking that it'll make you happy and it kind of does but what I fail to remember each time is that the happiness lasts for a few minutes while I'm opening the package and then the item just becomes another thing in my apartment that takes up space when I intentionally shop and I'm carefully choosing something that I really love and this is usually from what like my experiences from small businesses or something that is handmade I feel so much more fulfilled because I know that that person spent so much energy to carefully design and craft something unique and limited and I've noticed that all the things that I'm so precious about in my life are usually those type of items other times when I get advertisements for like fashion from bigger companies that are really Trend based I find myself just scrolling non-stop on endless pages of clothes so through this challenge I'm turning more into the type of person that wants invest into better quality clothes and also to find gems that I feel like I will be able to love for a longer period of time experiences are definitely a place where I would love to spend more of my money on and even then some of my favorite experiences in life and the ones that have been like stamped into my brain forever are those that are not even that expensive or they don't cost anything at all being spontaneous and doing things out of my comfort zone has really given me that sense of like I feel like I'm alive or I feel like I'm living it was so much fun catching up with everyone and like doing that live drawing session I feel like we were very chatty this time I did these our theme was uh portraits I need to go get some groceries I am lacking a lot of energy and like last night when I was at the party have six tacos afterwards I just felt so energized and so good so I'm feeling like I am literally just stripping my body from what's necessary for it to function properly now my fridge is looking very sad thank you first grocery haul of the month I skipped past the entire frozen section because Trader Joe's gets me like that if I pass by the frozen section it's over milk Sriracha bathroom brussels sprouts I got some salad mushrooms blueberries Ava some cheese and some crackers bruh bone Apple teeth today is the last day of no spend I went hiking yesterday it was so fun it was it was painful and fun at the same time but like it's one of those things where you look back very fondly and like you don't regret it but on the day oh I felt like I was actually gonna slip and fall and die I kind of failed did I fail this is not a necessary purchase but I got it and I'm going to write it off as a business expense I got a Sony angel I think I spent like 11.50 on this it's so addicting like the moment that I opened it I wanted another one like this is literally the epitome of just impulsive spending but I honestly love it I'm excited for it to not be no spend I feel like I can now really notice when something's impulsive and instead of jumping straight to the checkout button or jumping straight to the cashier I'm I'm trying to just be more aware of like my spending habits I really love doing challenges like this and if you have any recommendations of like other challenges you would like to see me do I would love to hear about them in the comments I'm very sunburned also can you tell that I've summered oh it hurts maybe tomorrow I'll buy some aloe for okay bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @apple.cheeks [95 likes]: Hey Hey! This video was so interesting to film; let me know what other challenges you want to see me do! Also, please thank our sponsor for this video: Head to https://squarespace.com/applecheeks to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain using code 'APPLECHEEKS' ❤
  2. @herbudget: Wow! Ive been doing no-spend weeks but THIS, this is inspiring!!
  3. @fijaystudio: Lay horizontal. Yep. Eat, buy… Been there done that.
  4. @dot.888: What is the video really about?
  5. @butlerka2606: Preparing myself to start a no buy January and this video has been the best video one I’ve seen. Loved going along on the journey with you instead of just hearing about it! 😍 I feel like I can do this now.💙
  6. @LydiannaBella: it's definitely not a business expense. -An accoutant
  7. @nikajo002: I'm coming up to the end of my low/ no spend month and I'm happy that I'm seeing positive results. What helped me: Free cozy hobbies, walking outside, tracking and auditing my bank/ CC transactions. I have a budget planner now, and I can see where my money is going.. including money that I'm now putting aside for rainy days. ♥️ It's been so hard, but I passed the 21 day process, and now I want to do it for September too. 💌
  8. @viiIeiraS: Just discovered your channel. I was needing to see something like this. It's easy to slip into a Diderot spiral. Thank you for the inspiration
  9. @natiplans: watching this and paused the video because I wanted to check out the cutest totes you showed from BAGGU 🤒if there was any doubt i have a major problem
  10. @Shopper2024: I realised I don't actually like owning things I just like spending my money 😂 I don't know why
  11. @KatinkaEgelykke: This was so relaxing to watch ❤
  12. @dearmary7654: Omg one more childless lonely no spender 😂
  13. @kimkirksey562: I did not shop for 11 days...so I have to start over...I'm now trying to get to February 11...huhhhhhh...wow the addiction is real
  14. @trailertrish: $52 for a Lyft?! 😮
  15. @trailertrish: ur room is so cute! 😍
  16. @josephhaltiwanger7749: Just play video games
  17. @xingchng9732: A challenge I love to watch and I think you'd love doing is "project pan" where you try to hit pan on makeup products that have been sitting and collecting dust. I think you could get creative with it and make the challenge about using other types of items that you meant to use but forgot about (eg: art supplies, clothing etc)
  18. @bernadettemclean5238: I think once you start especially cause you did the challenge for so long I reckon you will be so used to it it will become easier just don’t deprive yourself of any treat for so long cause then your temped to go back balance is key in everything including money
  19. @bernadettemclean5238: I only buy what I need now and it’s the best
  20. @bernadettemclean5238: This is me every month atm

- I Survived a No-Spend Month (What I Learned): Kind: captions Language: en and honestly I saved so much money that it was almost addicting what's up guys I'm Brad and today we're going to be talking about a no spend month that I did last month now if you don't know what a no spend month is a no spend month is where you only spend the bare minimum money on your Essentials so things like groceries Insurance rent utilities those Bay Necessities that we can't get by month to month without actually spending that money you spend money on but anything else anything extra you don't spend for an entire month now I will say that it wasn't the easiest thing in the whole world and I did have to sacrifice things here and there that I normally would have spent money on but I saved a ton of money and I definitely learned quite a few things about my spending habits along the way the first thing that I learned that was really big was that eating out is very very expensive now I didn't really realize how much I was spending on eating out and take out before but once it was gone I had a lot of money left over in my count at the end of the month and it adds up week after week you go out and say oh this is just a lunch here and there with the co-workers or I'm just going to stop and grab pizza or some dinner on my way home or whatever that adds up that money adds up week after week and eventually at the end of the month you spent a lot more money than you would have if you had just eaten groceries not only did I feel way better about myself from a health perspective when I was making and prepping and buying my own food but my wallet was a lot thicker at the end of the month from not spending money on that takeout the second thing I learned is that Amazon and online shopping will lead you to spend a lot of money that you don't actually need to spend Amazon specifically being able to just browse online and say oh I want this and this and this and add it to your cart and with single click of a button buy that and have it show up to your house in the next couple days on the surface just seems like a super big convenience but when you look at it at the end of the month at how many things you bought on Amazon it's a lot of money that adds up of things that you really didn't need if you just buy one or two things a week from Amazon that are let's say between 20 and 50 bucks it doesn't feel like a lot when you're spending it you might say oh this is only $22 and it's something that I'll use that's great but if you do that 5 to 10 times a month that's a lot of money that you will have extra that you really didn't need to spend that could now go towards your savings or some other necessity as tempting and convenient as it is I would suggest that if you need to buy things actually go out and buy it that way if you actually do need it you can say okay I need to go get this it's worth me going out and instead of just having the convenience of Amazon where you can click and Shop you need to actually go out and force yourself to buy it if it's something you actually need the third thing I learned is that there's actually a lot of free activities out there that are a ton of fun that I wouldn't have normally done whether you are going to the park to throw the frisbee or you're going to the Ballfield to hit some softballs or you're reading a book or finding a new TV show or watching a movie there are a lot of fun things to do either by oursel or with our friends that don't cost us a dime and leave us feeling happy at the the end of it I feel like as a society we lean towards doing these paid activities because they're more fun when in reality we just don't do some of these free things because we think oh we can do this every day but we don't do them every day so I encourage you that if you have these free activities that you can do that you can think of you know go to the park go on a run do whatever I encourage you to do that instead of spending money for a month just to see how it is now I'll conclude by saying that doing the no spend month was definitely fun and it was definitely a challenge but I'm a firm believer in being able to to work and pay and do things that you enjoy doing I don't think that you should save every single dime just put away every single hard work dollar away and in your back pocket to where you can't have any fun that's not what I'm saying but I think it's beneficial to be able to do that no spend month and realize where your base level costs are to where you can go forward with A New Perspective if you've done a no spend month let me know in the comments what your results were and what you found to be challenging or where you Sav money that you didn't expect don't forget to like subscribe and follow along for more wealth and personal finance videos yes

  Top Comments:
  1. @bradt3513: 1:45 I’m a victim to wasteful Amazon shopping myself. You’re right that it’s so easy it barely feels like you’re spending real money lol

- How an Addicted Brain Works: Kind: captions Language: en Addiction is defined as not having control over doing, taking, using something to the point where it could be harmful to you. taking, using something to the point where it could be harmful to you. Previous to understanding the science, it was thought that addiction resulted from a lack of willpower and was a moral failing. But we now know that addiction is a physiological disease. It changes the brain's structure in ways that can alter the way it works and process information. To understand how that happens, we start by thinking about reward and the brain's natural reward system. The reward pathways primary function is to reinforce sets of behaviors. Evolutionarily, it began as a way to indicate to us the actions that help us survive are good and we should keep doing them. This is mediated through a chemical called dopamine. Following an appropriate behavior, the reward pathway releases a small burst of dopamine. That bursts of dopamine is a satisfying jolt, encouraging you to repeat the same action in the future. Dopamine will in turn also act on areas responsible for memory and movement, which helps us automatically build up memories for what is good for survival. The problem is that addictive substances hijack our natural reward system. Every substance has slightly different actions on the brain. But one thing all addictive drugs have in common is that they produce a pleasurable surge of dopamine. Addictive drugs all cause dopamine to flood the reward pathway ten times higher than a natural reward would. Over chronic use, nothing else natural is quite as rewarding. In fact, as substance use increases, the circuits adapt and reduce their sensitivity to dopamine, a phenomenon known as tolerance. For example, let's say a person takes cocaine for the first time. The reward system receives a huge burst of dopamine. But as the person takes more more frequently, cocaine will be overstimulating the brain with dopamine. This will cause the brain to adapt to these chronically high levels of dopamine. To compensate and adapt to this new normal, the brain reduces the number of dopamine receptors available in the reward system and releases less dopamine. As a result, that person will feel the need to increase the amount of drug they take so that they can reach the level of high that they're used to. But it's not just the reward system that's affected by this tolerance because dopamine is also involved in other brain mechanisms. Other brain regions involving decision making, memory and judgement also get physically disrupted as a result. The overall effect is to have drug seeking behavior driven by habit rather than conscious thought, like a reflex instead of a choice. This biological basis helps to explain why addiction really is a brain disease, not a matter of willpower. The stigma that accompanies addiction only makes seeking treatment more difficult.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pibpob4U [1 likes]: Hello, I really liked your explanation and I wanted to ask you... At the end of the video you mentioned that the stigma associated with addiction makes seeking treatment more difficult. Do you mean by the stigma associated with addiction prison sentences?And what about social judgment and the accompanying lack of psychological confidence, along with the common stigma?
  2. @BoundlessBliss-g3e: i like the beat behind the video
  3. @EllaJoostens: WAIT OMG THANKS
  4. @lesleymcpherson7394: There is another high being seen in young people with adhd and autism who reject “normal” drugs . The stigma around their sense of self has pid online addiction causes harm. The reliance on “socially acceptable” drug addiction is hugely problematic
  5. @corvidmind: is this case also work with other form of addiction?
  6. @TheNextAIgeneration: Once you have an addiction it comes back extremely fast on exposure. I abused opioids for years quit after rehab had 1 relapse after 6 years off. It’s brutal I forgot how bad it was. Stay far away if you manage to truly kick it.
  7. @Alexander-p8k1w: What Is the point of this pointless video?
  8. @JohnSanders-p7o: Our planet population is living living like one big adddict.. day to day just getting by
 When we have all the proof of where this is taking us... DOWN.
ADDICTION is a normal human behavior... from biggest to smallest level of humaness...
Most ALL of the issues with it are associated with the LAWS involved...
  9. @aanyaprimlani8508: Have you ever wondered how the world will end?

That question is called eschatology.

Eschatology is the study of the end times—
what happens after death,
the fate of humanity,
and the future of the world.

Different religions see it differently:

In Christianity and Islam, it includes judgment day, heaven, and hell.
In Hinduism and Buddhism, it’s about cycles of rebirth and liberation.
In philosophy, it asks: Does history have a final meaning?

But eschatology isn’t just about the end…

It’s about how knowing the end
changes the way we live today.

So the real question is:
If today mattered forever,
how would you live?
  10. @neuraluminate: You’re not weak; it’s your brain trying to find balance, and that’s why it never feels like enough!
  11. @mrsesmyth4809: thank you
  12. @Vid7872: It's not a disease. Thinking it's a disease will keep people trapped
  13. @TochStyle: lol came here trying to figure out how dopamine works
  14. @SIVAJISAHA-c3r: .
  15. @grandmastermario3695: Main part of addiction is that it's hard to even cut back let alone quit entirely, I'm trying to just cut back on junk food and it's hard, sometimes the cravings are ridiculously strong.
  16. @The_gambling_hillbilly: shut up am not addicted to gambling
  17. @siriush100: It's not a disease. It's not a matter or morality either. It's a developed and learned preference for intoxication. It is a freely chosen habitual behavior that has been learned to be interpreted as a compulsion. There is never a loss of control when it comes to substance use.
  18. @TheRealEffluence: This seems incorrect in a sense. When you receive a natural reward with drug induced dopamine it's even higher because you still get the burst from natural rewards and although you could consider it a brain disease if you are a disciplined person, you should be able to manage your life regardless. It's usually the young that fall deep into a rut they can't get out of as I have myself in the past and seen many do the same. I'm just lucky I bounced back with the help of God and everything else.
  19. @itsjustmereallymm: https://youtu.be/Z_YZkGpD1kk?si=uhLIA3KFDjpIQSNF
  20. @DanielFrederiksen-p6v: Power addiction problems

- Chasing the High - Your Brain on Dopamine & Shopping: Kind: captions Language: en It's 11:30 p.m. You should be asleep. Instead, you're scrolling. You aren't looking for anything specific, just looking. Then you see it. The perfect pair of sneakers. It's a new tech gadget that will finally organize your life. Your heart beats a little faster. You feel a genuine rush of excitement as you tap add to cart. You imagine yourself owning it, wearing it, using it. That feeling right there, that buzz, that is not happiness. That is a chemical hijacker in your brain telling you a lie. Welcome to the science of the spender's high. For years, we thought dopamine was the pleasure molecule, the chemical that made you feel satisfied when you got what you wanted. You were wrong. Neuroscience now knows that dopamine is actually the molecule of anticipation and seeking. It's what motivates you to go get the reward, not what you feel when you have it. Think about a lion hunting a gazelle. It dopamine is spiking during the stalk and the chase. Once it catches the gazelle and eats, it dopamine crashes. The job is done. When you are online shopping, you are the lion. The scroll is the stalk. The buy now button is the pounce. Your brain is flooded with seeking energy. Online retailers have weaponized this biology. They know that if they can keep your anticipation high, they can keep your wallet open. Just how do they do it? Scarcity and urgency. When you see only two left in stock or a countdown timer ticking down, your brain's primitive fear of missing out FOMO kicks in. This adds a shot of adrenaline to your dopamine cocktail. The pursuit becomes frantic. You aren't thinking about whether you need the item. Your brain is just screaming, "Catch it before it gets away." And then you click by. The chase is over. The gazelle is caught. Almost immediately, your dopamine levels begin to plummet. This is why the anticipation of a vacation is often better than the trip itself. It's why waiting for the package to arrive is more exciting than actually opening it. Once the item is in your hands, the fantasy collides with reality. It's just a pair of shoes. It's just a gadget. The magic that dopamine promised evaporates. This is the biological basis of buyer's remorse. You feel let down because your brain chemistry literally just crashed. So, how do you stop chasing a high that never lasts? You have to interrupt the cycle between want and buy. First recognize the itch. When you feel that rush to buy, label it. Say out loud, "This is just dopamine. It's not destiny. It's just biology." Secondly, the 48 hour rule. If you want something, put it on a list and wait two full days. This gives your dopamine time to crash before you spend the money. If you still want it sober, maybe it's a real need. Lastly, seek serotonin spending. Dopamine is about the quick hit. Serotonin and oxytocin are about long-term contentment and connection. Spend money on experiences with friends or learning a new skill. The high isn't as intense, but it lasts a lifetime. Stop letting a temporary chemical rush make permanent decisions for your bank

- Your Brain: Who's in Control? | Full Documentary | NOVA | PBS: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ ♪ SUSANA MARTINEZ-CONDE: The brain is the biggest mystery in science today. THALIA WHEATLEY: It's responsible for all the facets of our personality, everything we think and everything we feel. It makes you you. URI MAOZ: A very large fraction of what's happening in my brain I am not aware of at all. HEATHER BERLIN: But what exactly is going on in your unconscious brain? What part of your brain is really in charge? CHARLES LIMB: All day long, we're doing unscripted things that we didn't know we would be doing. (sizzling) Life is not scripted. MAOZ: Find a word that has some meaning for you. BERLIN: So you might think you've made a choice... Representation. But in the back of your mind, you wonder... Come on! Was that really me? We might feel like we're in control. ANIL SETH: This idea that we're in control of our actions seems critical to our sense of identity. But our brains may have other ideas. BOBBY KASTHURI: The brain is made of almost 90 billion neurons, but it produces this illusion that there's a single person inside our skulls. LUKE CHANG: For every Pinocchio, there's always someone kind of pulling the strings behind the scenes. (device beeps) MICHAEL GAZZANIGA: There can be two separated minds inside one system. WHEATLEY: It's not just that motor, memory, language is in the brain. Your personality is up there, your morality is up there. BIANCA JONES MARLIN: We as humans know how environment and traumatic events change people. "Your Brain: Who's In Control?" Right now, on "NOVA." Have you ever thought that you've made a crystal-clear decision? (inner voice): I'm just gonna watch two episodes tonight. (narration): But the next thing you know... Okay, just one more episode. (laugh track playing) Actually, it's time to go to bed. Well, I bet everyone else has already finished this season. (static hissing, laugh track plays) Wait, why am I still watching this? Well, of course, the answer lies in your brain. Your brain contains multitudes. It's a complex and intricate three-pound piece of matter. But you actually have no awareness of most of the things that are going on inside your brain. I'm neuroscientist and clinical psychologist Heather Berlin. (laughs) Come on, man! And I'm on a journey to discover what's really driving the decisions you make? (device clicks) No agency at all. Who or what is really in control? There are important unconscious processes in your brain that you're not aware of. Most of the time, the brain is a coordinated, well-oiled machine, with different brain regions working together in harmony. (audio distorting): But under certain circumstances, when things are out of sync, we can gain deeper insight into how the brain actually works. (wildlife chirping) There's one thing we do every day with little to no conscious control. It's something you might spend a whole third of your life doing: sleeping. When we sleep, we're supposed to be unconscious and at rest. But for some people, that's not always the case. (mumbling) These are people who sleepwalk. MAN: Just like, just like you were? EMMANUEL DURING: Sleepwalking is a glitch in the system, because our identity is not in control. And that's what a lot of my patients tell me, like, they, "I didn't do that. "That's not possible. This is not me." So, sleepwalking? Very common condition or phenomenon. Simply said, it's what the word is. You sleep, but during your sleep, you will walk. We take it for granted, right? But the walking is extremely complex. Just teaching a robot all the inputs and outputs for a body to move forward on two legs without falling. All of this, you don't even think about it. It works independently. How is it possible to do complex behaviors like walking, eating, and sometimes even driving while sleeping? To find out, I'm visiting a sleep center at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. So, tell me a little bit about what's happening with you at night and your sleepwalking. Well, I've been doing some weird things. I painted a wall in my living room and one in my kitchen. I made a triangle, a perfect triangle... What? ...in my kitchen. So what do you think when you find that? Like... I don't know. Just-- I laugh, because I go, "How the heck I did this?" Emmanuel During studies what's going on in the brain when someone sleepwalks. In the center, sleep patients are wired up with sensors that pick up eye and body movements-- as well as their brain waves-- while they sleep. So what are we looking at here, these blue lines? DURING: These are the eye movements. Okay, and then the, the black lines here? These are the brain waves. So this patient is obviously, he's lying in bed. Mm-hmm. And dozes off slowly, feels sleepy. And as we move on, he dives into deep slow-wave sleep. During sleep, your brain cycles through phases of high and low activity. When the brain waves slow down, scientists call this "deep sleep." But when someone sleepwalks... First of all, everything looks good. You see the brainwaves. Everything is very, very monotonous, sort of slow waves. And then it's interesting, since there's a buildup of slow wave, that the amplitude goes up, and then suddenly... Whoa. So he's seemingly awake. Sudden. Yeah. Looks like a sudden arousal. Looks sort of scared. I mean, very brief. Very fast, eyes open. There's a, sort of a split, then. The patient looks like they're awake. But a couple of key brain regions seem to stay asleep. There's part of the brain stays in slow-wave sleep. It's such a deep stage of, of sleep, it's hard to wake up, and the other part of the brain is already awake. One part of the brain that doesn't wake up during sleepwalking is called the prefrontal cortex. It's the region of the brain responsible for deliberate choices and self-awareness. This prefrontal cortex is the decision maker. The other areas of the brain can mostly work independently of that. So, essentially, so many parts of the brain can be engaged without conscious awareness of it. During sleepwalking, the motor cortex, which controls movement, the visual cortex, which processes visual information, and the parts of the brain that coordinate behaviors like balance and speech can all become active without engaging And what exactly are you doing, ma'am? It's a special code. MARTINEZ-CONDE: Experiences of sleepwalking reveal that being conscious is not an all-or-none situation. Our unconscious makes a lot of everyday decisions for us. NANCY KANWISHER: For starters, boring stuff, like regulating your heart rate and your temperature and deciding when to take the food in your stomach and move it down into your gut. Like, thank God we don't have to be aware of all that stuff. DANIELA SCHILLER: Motor function, sensory function, motor-sensory integration, memory representation. All of this is happening below the surface, like the inside of a clockwork. (man mumbling) When you sleepwalk, the brain regions that control your movement, vision, and breathing can get up to all kinds of mischief without you even knowing it. But there's one case where even those regions check out-- during anesthesia. We know that there are drugs that I can give you, anesthetics, that would remove your conscious experience. SETH: And we all know that consciousness comes in degrees. Like, we can lose consciousness in sleep, but then we lose it in a more profound way when we are under general anesthesia. When I was a young researcher working in anesthesiology, I saw this firsthand. So what happens to your brain activity when you go under? Neuroscientist Emery Brown is measuring the line that separates being conscious from being unconscious. BROWN: I want to guarantee my patients that when I say you're unconscious, you're not going to perceive pain, you won't be moving around, you won't remember anything that's occurring. Your heart rate and blood pressure and other physiological systems will be well-controlled. The patient is undergoing surgery. But before the surgeons can operate, the anesthesiologists have to put her under-- render her unconscious with special drugs. WOMAN: I'm starting to give you medicines that might make you feel kind of drowsy. Look straight ahead. See, her eyes move as we expect them to move. So you're moving her head, but her eyes stay straight. All right, now we're going to have you breathe a little oxygen. BROWN: Breathe some oxygen for a minute. And can you see my finger here? Follow it with your eyes. And if you can't follow it anymore, tell me, all right? Can you hear me? See her eyes are fixed now? BERLIN: Yeah. You see the E.E.G. has a large, slow oscillation? See that? Yeah, yeah. Her brain stem is out. It's out, that's it? BROWN: Mm-hmm. When you go under, it can feel like one second you're here, and the next, you're out. What's going on in the brain when this happens? Emery uses a device called an E.E.G., a set of electrodes that rests on the scalp and detects electrical activity in the brain. That activity comes in the form of waves. The brain generates brain waves or oscillations. And there are oscillations that we typically see when someone's conscious. These brain waves are measured by their frequency, how fast the waves come and go, and by their amplitude, how small or big the waves are. I look at your E.E.G. When you're awake, you're going to have a very rich response. When I anesthetize you, it goes away. And so the difference between those two states represents the transition from being conscious to the unconscious. See the oscillations, see how they're really big now. And before, see, they were just sort of little... Yeah, exactly. Kind of, yeah. (talking in background) When you're awake and fully aware, your brain wave activity is diverse and dynamic. It looks kind of like an exciting conversation. But when anesthesia drugs hit the brain, the activity is dramatically reduced to dull, slow-rolling brain waves. The once dynamic conversation becomes an unintelligible hum. If you alter how the parts of the brain communicate sufficiently, you can make someone unconscious. So that's what the drugs are doing. They're altering the way the various parts of the brain communicate. There's one region of the brain in particular that acts as a communication hub: the thalamus. It's made up of two parts, each about the size of a walnut, and sits deep inside your brain. Thalamus is a central way station for all sorts of information processing. Auditory information goes through there, visual information pain information goes through there. If I could take out just one brain center to make you unconscious, it would probably be the thalamus, because it's such a central actor in processing all types of information. After a couple of hours of surgery, the medical team is tapering off the anesthesia drugs. And the E.E.G. reveals the patient's brain wave activity becoming more complex as she wakes up. ANTHONY: She's starting to take some breaths on her own. Open your eyes wide. And squeeze my hand. Consciousness is really having active cognitive processing, being able to think and act. Surgery's all done, okay? It's the integration of that information which allows us to start to understand how consciousness is actually formed. KASTHURI: Consciousness can obviously interact with the physical world like we can. We can use drugs to remove it. We go to sleep and we're not conscious, and yet, it's tenuous at the same time. We can't say how any specific set of neurons working together produces consciousness. REBECCA SAXE: It's so clear that anesthesia is some kind of change of consciousness, right? The whole brain is there, the pieces are there, but the messages aren't getting through in a way that makes for our conscious experience. beeps distorting) And that's the difference between being aware and not being aware. So the level of communication among brain regions is one difference between being conscious and being unconscious. That means that no single area of the brain is responsible for your consciousness. It's that communication that helps make you you. Now, let's remember that the left hand is governed from the right hemisphere. For some people, an entire half of their brain can't really communicate with the rest. These are people who have undergone split-brain surgery, and it's as if... (audio doubled): They have two minds in a single brain. Now the question becomes, what happens when you allow both hands together to try to solve the problem? And what we find out is that they fight over each other. One hand knows how to do it and one hand does not, and so they more or less squabble. The human brain contains two sides, the left hemisphere and the right hemisphere, right? And they are connected by a big bundle of fibers. It's called the corpus callosum. All the communication from one side of the brain to the other has to pass through this fiber bundle. For some people with epilepsy, a seizure in one hemisphere can quickly spread to the other by way of the corpus callosum. But if that bridge is surgically severed, a seizure can no longer cross to the other side of the brain. In addition to treating epilepsy, these surgeries have also led to some astounding research into how the two hemispheres function. MILLER: With your left hand, make me the a-okay sign. (woman laughs) To learn more about these fascinating studies, I met two pioneers in the field: Michael Miller and Michael Gazzaniga. Michael Miller asked me to step into his lab to do a few simple tests, just like the ones he's conducted with patients after split-brain surgery. So, Heather, what you're going to see are two shapes. They're going to come up on the screen. You're gonna draw the shape on the left side of the screen with your left hand, and the shape on the right side of the screen with your right hand. And I want you to draw them as quickly as you can at the same time. Okay? (laughs): Okay. BERLIN: Piece of cake, right? Oh... Beautiful. Okay, not sure what you were drawing over here, but... Oh. (chuckles) (laughing): Okay. Did I mention I didn't get that much sleep last night? The left side of the brain controls most of the right side of the body. And the right side of the brain controls most of the left side of the body. (all laughing) What happened is, I started out trying to do different things, and then they just sort of, like, sync up together. MILLER: Yeah, yeah. Come on, man. It's perfectly normal. So, I mean, what's happening is that the motor commands in the, in one hemisphere... Right. ...are interfering with the motor commands in the other hemisphere. It was basically impossible for me to force my hands to draw two different things But for someone whose two hemispheres are disconnected, there's no interference. It's almost as if there's one mind controlling the left hand, and a completely different mind controlling the right hand. And it isn't just movement that's split across the hemispheres. Only half of your visual field goes to each side of the brain. When you're looking straight ahead, everything to the left side of that space goes only to And the opposite is true for the right side of the space. GAZZANIGA: The left part of the brain is where your language and speech centers are. That enables you to talk, enables you to understand language, and all the rest. And the right side of your brain is very important in the evaluation of emotions, evaluation of visual space. I'm going to give you a test. MAN: If you look right at my nose, I'm going to hold up my hands. You tell me how many fingers you see, all right? How many fingers do you see? You see two, right? Why did you see two? (chuckling): This one went to your left hemisphere, this one went to your right hemisphere, way over in the other side of your brain. How does your left hemisphere know about it? That pathway, the corpus callosum. It transfers that information. Now I'm going to split your brain, and I do the same test. How many fingers do I see? Two. You see anything else? No. Okay. You see one, you see this one, because that goes straight to your left, talking hemisphere. This one is still going to your right hemisphere, which has now been disconnected from your left. So your left brain can't talk about this. So you now say you only see one finger, even though your right brain is seeing this finger. It just can't talk about it, because the highway that communicates that information has been cut. Show me with your right hand what you see. Put it down, relax. Show me with your left hand One. Good. It's the most remarkable thing to witness. You know, there's this whole other entity in the head that's controlling the body and can understand and remember and feel and think all on its own, completely separate from the other side. The researchers conducted tests to explore how a split-brain patient's work independently from one another-- including a now-famous experiment of a patient named Joe. Look right at the dot. By quickly flashing a word to just the left side of his visual field... See anything? ...that word would go exclusively to the right half of his brain, the half that can't talk. So the only way we're going to know that it registered is if he can write something out, okay? With his hand that is controlled by his right hemisphere. Exactly, his left hand. The left hand. We flash the word "Texas." There's a flash. All right. I didn't see the word. His right hemisphere is seeing it. We're seeing it, but the right hemisphere, at this point in his surgery, cannot talk. All right, I want you to draw for me that thing upside down. So he claims to not have seen anything. Oh, my God. Wow. BERLIN: He was able to do Texas upside down. GAZZANIGA: Yeah. But what's interesting is, he had no idea what he's drawing. We know because we saw the word. JOE (chuckling): I can't tell what it is. GAZZANIGA: So then, later on, I show him the word again and I ask a different question about what he saw. Once again, they showed the word "Texas" to just his right, non-verbal hemisphere. So when asked about what he saw, all his left hemisphere can say is... I'm aware of a word, I just didn't see what it was. GAZZANIGA (in video): Draw something that goes with that. A symbol of that. Oh, wow, so he draws a cowboy hat. Yeah, clearly... Yeah, clearly, his right hemisphere knows exactly what he's drawing. But his left is still confused, so he doesn't understand it. What's that? Cowboy hat. Cowboy hat? What was the word? (whispering): So amazing. JOE (in video): Texas. (laughing): I can't believe it. Did you see "Texas"? The split-brain phenomenon suggests that there can be two separated minds, if you will, inside of a skull. The cooperation is on the paper, not inside the head. It's an astounding example of cross-cueing and management of two mental systems into one unified act. And the idea is maybe that's going on in us all the time, too. KANWISHER: Each of us has a sense that we're a unitary being, but actually, that belies the fact that each of us, each of our minds, is actually composed of lots of different pieces that are doing different things. And different information can be represented in different parts of that machinery. And so a search for "where am I in all of this?" is a little bit misguided, because the "I" is not such a unitary thing in the first place. That feeling of unity, of "me," is actually distributed across almost 90 billion neurons. This illusion that there's a single person Inside your brain are over 100 distinct regions. Many different systems in the brain control what you do, from movement, to vision, to speech, and even social interaction. MAHZARIN BANAJI: I think most human beings like to believe that their mind is under their own control. If I want to, I can stand up right now. I can do that. And that gives me, I think, the false belief that everything I do has been chosen by me. And if there is a story from the brain to tell, it is that we are quite wrong. Not only are there multiple parts of your brain influencing you, but there are things in the world around you that influence your brain, including other people. SAXE: How we act and who we are in our lives is hugely determined by the expectations of the people around us. The brain helps us be the most social species on the planet. A lot of our brains are devoted to understanding other people. SCHILLER: Our brain doesn't operate in isolation. We constantly learn, take, compare to other brains. CHANG: Our brains have evolved to be able to effortlessly reason about other people. And emotions, similarly, have evolved as ways that guide our behavior. So, how exactly do emotions-- and the emotions of others-- influence our brains? Neuroscientist Luke Chang studies how emotions like greed and guilt affect our decision-making. Hey, Grace, we're going to start up the scout. GRACE (on speaker): Go ahead and make your decision. (softly): Okay, did you tell her to go on to the next one? Yep, you can hit next. So, what are you guys looking at here? What's this study about? Is there... So she's playing an investment game... ...with another participant, who's outside the scanner. Luke scans the brains of study participants while they play a game from behavioral economics called the Trust Game. This is a cooperative game where one person has some sum of money, and they can choose to invest any amount of that money in their partner. That investment grows. So then, the study participant has to decide: they could be greedy and keep all the money or they could be generous, and give some of the investment back. We've always been really interested in, why do people return the money when they don't have to? And guilt provides one plausible mechanism that might be driving their behavior to act cooperatively in this game. And so you're balancing making these decisions between getting that kind of dopamine reward hit from being a little selfish versus being balanced by those feelings of, maybe, guilt when you're not cooperating or helping somebody else out. And the brain scans reveal which parts of the brain are most active when someone is feeling guilt. Those regions ended up being something called the insula. Signals about having this gut feeling that maybe this isn't a good idea, or, "I'd feel really bad if I did that." Those are the signals that originate from the insula that allow us to make decisions to avoid harming someone else. Luke likes to think of it kind of like a thermometer and a thermostat. If you try to think about how a thermostat might be mapped onto the brain, one region might be more like the thermometer, detecting the ambient temperature in the room. When it comes to reading the room, our brain's thermometer seems to be the insula. But all that information needs to go somewhere else and be integrated with other types of information. That's our brain's thermostat-- a region located inside the prefrontal cortex that processes our emotions and helps regulate our behavior. And while your thermostat can usually help you take control of your emotions, what would happen if it went out? There's a famous patient named Phineas Gage. Phineas Gage was a railroad foreman who was working in Vermont, and he was tamping down a hole that had gunpowder in it, and the gunpowder ignited, sending the rod through his eye, up through his brain, taking out a big patch of his brain in the process. At first people thought, well, this is a miracle. This man has been unscathed from this accident. He had memory, he had language, he had motor control. But of course, his friends noticed a difference. His life fell apart-- he had a hard time holding a job, he lost all of his friends, and he really just struggled. His personality made him more fitful, irreverent, more profane. He was cursing a lot, lewd behavior. So he had sort of no filter. We now know that the parts that he sort of surgically excised were involved in emotion and control. Over a hundred years later, neuroscientists mapped the regions of his brain that were harmed in that horrific accident. Areas of his prefrontal cortex, including the brain's thermostat, were damaged, which might account for why he struggled socially. He couldn't regulate his emotions or process how other people might react to his behavior. And that was the key moment, I think, in neuroscience history when people realized, oh, it's not just that motor, memory, language is in the brain. your morality is up there, things that make you you are there. I think we all kind of know intuitively that emotions impact our decisions. So what sort of extra information is this giving us? In a lot of the scientific work that's been done on studying emotion in decision making, people have really focused on how emotions lead us to make worse decisions, maybe even irrational. And I actually don't think that's true. If you have a goal to not want to harm others and to do what's going to be in your self-interest, emotions are actually helping us make better decisions. We are, in fact, the company that we keep, because other people bring out parts of us, and strengthen us in particular ways. How you make decisions, how you behave, how you think about yourself, all of these processes we develop by mimicking and interacting and synchronizing with other brains. One thing that we all share as humans is that social life and social contact is an incredibly important part of what our brain processes. Our brains are, in detail, influenced by every experience we have. Every moment, every sentence, every image changes your brain. And certain experiences are so profound, so extreme, that they can impact brain biology from one generation to the next. Neuroscientist Bianca Jones Marlin is studying how your ancestors' experiences might control how your brain is wired today. MARLIN: We ask how trauma affects the brain, how trauma affects the body, and really, how trauma affects generations. People in the world suffer from traumatic events, and these traumatic events aren't just a one-time change in their brain and their body. It actually continues for seemingly their lifetime. Bianca's research is inspired by her upbringing. My parents, my biological parents, were also foster parents. So I had foster siblings and adopted siblings growing up. Only now as a scientist, I realize that that motivates a lot of the questions that I ask: how do we understand what happens when kids are born into trauma and optimize what we do have for better generations? One insight comes from an event during World War II. At the end of World War II, the Netherlands were cut off from food by Nazi troops because they decided to protest through the country. And during this period of time, it created a man-made famine. There was starvation, death, there was trauma. Not only did those who suffered during the famine experience health problems, but some of their children, and even their grandchildren, had metabolic issues. So people began to ask, how does an experience of a parent, of a grandparent, change offspring? Researchers began to discover that your environment and your experiences can change the way your genes are activated in your body and in your brain. It's not like you get your genes and it's set in stone. They're constantly changing based on the environment. To see this in action, Bianca studies mice. We're able to map the whole genome of mice, target certain areas of that genetic code, and use them to answer important questions in science. So how could stress and trauma alter the biology of the mice's offspring? Bianca paired the smell of almond with an electric shock. (shock buzzes) Because mice really navigate the world and rely heavily on the sense of smell, we use olfaction, pair it with a light foot shock, and we observe changes in the brain and changes in behavior. She noticed that something inside of the mice's noses changed. We're able to look at the cells in the nose that only respond to almond. And what we observe is that after the light foot shock and the presentation of almond coinciding, there are more cells in the nose that express the almond receptor. It's as if something in the milieu of the nose says, almond's important in this environment. We need more cells like you. Mice grew more cells that responded to the smell of almond. Each one of these green dots you see here, these are neurons. They're cells that can respond to the almond smell. These red dots are cells that were born after the presentation of odor and shock. And this cell right here, this red and green cell, is a cell that was born of almond and shock that also responds to almond. This is the cell that we want to look at to see what information is inside, because we see more of these after the odor and shock pairing. Remarkably, these changes were actually passed down to the next generation. The offspring, the kids of the parents that were shocked with odor, were born with more cells that express the almond receptor. Which means there's a memory that somehow is maintained in sperm and egg through implantation and represented in offspring. It is as if we are observing a change in evolution over the time span of one generation. And I just think that's fascinating. Because we as humans know how environment and how traumatic events change people. Just being able to take the science of that and being able to show that, we're just justifying what we already know as humans, what society has known for a long time, what individuals know. We just want to bring that to an undeniable truth. Our brains are not static. We try to make sense of what's happening right now, but we also try to make sense of what happened a long time ago and to have, like, this grand picture of our life as a trajectory. Our ability for conscious awareness. It's a magnificent ability, this ability to reflect on our own minds. But it also leads us astray. I have memories, plans, I have these feelings of agency over my actions. But what the science itself is telling us is that these things aren't necessarily bound together. Different aspects of the self can be manipulated, or even taken away altogether. Your biology and the choices you make are all molded by your social interactions and even your family history. And yet, we feel like we have control. Like we have agency, right? An agent is somebody that is the author of their own story. But actually, most of what's happening in our brain we are not conscious of. And I think this gets you starting to think, wait a minute, you know, is really everything under my control? Neuroscientist Uri Maoz is putting our sense of control to the test. We feel like we're in control, but where exactly does that feeling come from, and how does it work? Ah, here you are. Hello. Thank you very much for joining us, agent-ically and out of your own volition. (laughs): Of course. Before we start... ...let me give you this envelope. Please don't let anybody touch it. And don't look inside, but we'll need it for later on. For later, okay. To show me how my sense of control isn't always what it seems, Uri kicked things off by trying to get me to question my ability to choose by using a magic trick. So where would you like to sit? Where would I like to sit? MAOZ: It's really up to you. It's really-- I have a choice? Wherever you want-- you have a choice. All right, so I'm going to sit here. You're going to sit over there, okay. Yes. So how about just before you sit down, if you don't mind... Um, let's see what this says. Oh, my God, okay. So... So then that one obviously says the same thing, right? Um... No? Let's check and see what this one says. This one says... Oh, come on. So I'm that predictable? You don't even know me yet! I really don't know how he did that! I'm not totally convinced, but I'm starting to question, how do I know when I have made a decision? If I may, let me give you, as a present, a book. Here you go, this is yours. Oh, thank you. And I will just ask you to leaf through it... ...and find a word that has All right, I got it. Can you tell me what the word is? Please write the word down, representation. And, you know, just stick that sticky note somewhere on that page, yeah, thank you. Okay, okay, all right. We'll come back to that later. But for now, I'm starting to see how choice and agency aren't always so straightforward. So to find out what's actually going on in the brain when our sense of control is in question, I took a look at a trial designed by post-doctoral researcher Alice Wong. A volunteer from the lab, Tomás, is being fitted with a transcranial magnetic stimulation device, TMS for short. It generates a strong magnetic field that can send signals to your brain. The idea is that you stimulate the brain using a focused magnetic field. And if you stimulate that in the right part of the motor cortex-- it's a part of the brain that actually controls your fingers-- it's like you're pulling on a string here. Every time you pull it, the finger goes. With the device hooked up, the researchers can make his finger jump involuntarily by sending a signal to his motor cortex. WONG: We're going to be locating the spot of your motor cortex that moves one of your fingers. How about that? TOMÁS: That works. That was a pinky movement up. WONG: Okay. Sometimes they ask him to move his finger on his own. Could you replicate the movement if in, that you... TOMÁS: Was something like this. Remarkably, by recording the small electrical signals that travel from his brain down to his finger muscles, Alice and Uri can pinpoint the exact moment that Tomás's brain has initiated a movement-- almost 50 milliseconds before he actually moves. With this information, it's as though they can predict his movement slightly before it actually happens. So now, his sense of agency is about to be put to the test. Who initiated the movement? It was me. How much agency did you feel over the movement? Quite a lot. Full agency? Okay. Normally, the researcher isn't in the room, and all the questions are conducted by the computer. How much agency did you feel over the movement? I would say some agency. In some instances, just as Tomás decides to move his finger, the researchers use the magnetic field to make his finger move. I really don't know. A little bit. So, even in the instances when Tomás really did decide to move his finger... How much agency did you feel over the movement? ...he didn't always feel like he was in control. So after the experiment, I was excited to hear the results. When Tomás initiated the movement himself, yet we intervened with the TMS, Tomás said, "That wasn't me, I didn't initiate the movement. It was the computer." He thought that the computer initiated the movement, or it was both of them, or he wasn't sure, but he almost never said that it was him. So what do you think is going on there? How is this happening? You know, we walk around and we feel like, you know, we are the authors of our, of our actions and so on. And you can see with just a little bit of messing around, it tends to fall apart. BERLIN: It's fragile, like our sense of self... MAOZ: Yes. ...our memories, our sense of agency. They're all things that our brain evolved over time. BERLIN: But they're fragile and they can be manipulated... ...under the right circumstances. Everything has to align for you to feel the sense of agency. When the finger moves, we get this feedback back to the brain and it's incorporated with whatever is happening in the brain to create the movement. And together you get this sense of agency over the movement. I think that in everyday life, we are in control. However, I think this experiment shows we're quite happy to relinquish control. Like states of consciousness, there are levels of agency, ways it can be manipulated, and even taken away. We think A happened and then B happened. That's the end of the story. But of course, most of our brain activity is unconscious. Who initiated the first movement? That was me. So, we sometimes misinterpret. Our experience of voluntary action is a little bit retrospective in this sense. The brain looks at what the body did, and figures out if that makes sense as an act of its own free will. After the agency experiment, we had more important matters to attend to. So, Heather, when you came in, I gave you an envelope, right? Nobody touched it but you? Do you remember that later on, I gave you that book? And in that book, you opened it to whatever page you wanted, and you found a word in there. Right, where the... us again what that word was? Yes, it was on page 105. And the word was "representation." Representation, okay. So if you don't mind just putting the book aside and if you could take the envelope out now. Can you open it and see what's inside, please? Oh, this is one of these things that's gonna freak me out, right? Let's see. I'm getting chills. Come on. No way! Come on-- no, seriously! (both laugh) That's really freaky. So you're in control, I don't know how you did that-- that is really weird. I mean, what do I do now? I don't know where to-- what do I do with that? Uri's magic acts are tricks. Sleights-of-hand and misdirection. But when I saw what was written on the card, I have to admit I wondered if my choices mattered at all. Going to do this... Alice Wong's experiment supports the idea that it isn't just about what happens in the brain at the moment a decision is made. How did you do that? Your sense of agency or control also has to do with feedback you get after the decision-- physical, social, and emotional. I think of agency as a sense, so there is a sense of agency that sometimes can get disrupted, perhaps, just like you have a sense of sight or smell and so on. Sometimes, you have visual illusions. It's similar with a sense of agency. I can manipulate your sense of agency. But that doesn't mean that we never have a sense of agency. Your brain is a meaning-maker machine. And creating a sense of agency is one of the ways it makes meaning out of your daily life. BANAJI: There is no way in which I can operate without understanding what is happening and why I'm doing it. It's the filling-in of the blanks that is necessary in some ways for survival, to give meaning, to make sense of the cause and effect of things. Perhaps we have that feeling of consciousness because it gives me a sense of agency. It allows me to pretend like I'm the one making decisions and I'm the one reaping the rewards or the failures of that particular decision. There are parts of the brain that allow you to feel like the author of your own life. But that's only part of the story. (echoing): Each of our minds is actually composed of lots of different pieces This illusion We know how environment and how traumatic events change people. by the expectations of the people around us. (playing slow tune) But there are some situations where letting go of conscious control can have amazing results. LIMB: When you're playing the blues, you have this kind of well-known musical structure, this template, and then you use that as a launchpad for improvisation, for innovation, and for new ideas. Charles Limb is a neuroscientist trying to understand how our brain operates when we are being truly creative. CHRIS EMDIN: ♪ It's gon' be ill in the MRI ♪ And today, he's using a scanner to peer into the brain of educator and freestyle rapper Chris Emdin. ♪ I wonder if I'm going insane as I'm freestyling, profiling ♪ ♪ Still wilin', it's gon' be ill ♪ You ready for me? WOMAN: Yes. Okay, remember, keep your head still during the entire thing and try not to move your feet or your hands at all during the rapping. EMDIN (on speaker): Okay, doing the best I can. Yeah, awesome, thank you. First, Charles asks Chris to perform a memorized piece. Now, that memory means you're going to do the memorized lyrics the way you originally wrote them. EMDIN: Okay. Memory. EMDIN: ♪ I'm a physicist, lyricist, spitting this ridiculousness ♪ ♪ So witness the ignorance I dismiss ♪ Up a little bit? ♪ Feelings and emotion is the topic of the course ♪ ♪ Staying motionless to handle balanced force ♪ Next, he gives him a prompt and asks him to improvise-- to create a new, original piece on the spot. He doesn't know what's coming. And that's going to be his cues for that. Freestyle: physicist. ♪ Physicist, lyricist ♪ ♪ Emcees like this will always be kicking this ♪ ♪ After all of that it'll all be over ♪ ♪ Lucky like I picked a four-leaf clover ♪ ♪ Can't move my shoulder ♪ ♪ 'Cause the MRI machine won't let me do it ♪ ♪ But you wouldn't know what it is that it's like ♪ ♪ I'm like a baseball player the way I strike ♪ ♪ With the raps... ♪ LIMB: Stop. (chuckles): He's good. So, what does improvisation or spontaneous creativity look like in the brain? What we found was that the prefrontal cortex that appears to be linked to effortful self-monitoring seemed to be turning off, deactivating, in a pretty intense way in these highly trained professional musicians when they start improvising. So in some sense, by letting go, by decreasing activation in the prefrontal cortex, we can sort of gain control of our lives in a way. In fact, if you're too self-conscious and you're unable to relax and let go, you can't do something like this. When you start trying to put conscious control mechanism, your performance goes down-- you get worse. So would you say this goes to, to any activity, really, if you're, for a professional tennis player or if you're trying to do a physical activity, that the more you're able to practice letting go, once you've learnt the skill, the better you'll be. Exactly. Free throw shooters that are able to shoot 99% free throws, all of a sudden, when you tell them you're going to get a million dollars if you make the next one... Then all of a sudden, you inject conscious control over something that's much better just to left to its own subconsciousness. And then your performance gets worse, and you're more likely to choke. Surprisingly, the parts of your brain that are usually in control can get in your way. Your prefrontal cortex, the decision maker, can make you overthink something you've done a thousand times. Freestyle: stay. ♪ Yes, you want me to stay ♪ ♪ Relaxed, but I won't never play ♪ Every human being is creative. Whether they're creative artistically or not is another question, but we're all creative. We have to be, because all day long, we're doing unscripted things that we didn't know we would be doing. And so no matter who you are in this world, you're doing things that are unplanned. All day long, we're balancing forces that push us around, even if we're not aware of them, from past trauma to the emotions of others, and all the hidden forces affecting your brain. I'd like to believe that I am in charge of my life, that I am the agent of my life, that I actually can control my emotions, my abilities, my desires. And the more I learn about brains, the more I realize that this is probably not true. We can be influenced by our social networks, by our culture, by our genetics, by our development, by our childhood. (clock ticking) Your brain is a complicated collection of these intricate parts, many of which you have no awareness of, and they all work together in a delicate dance to create your perception of you. The brain is who you are. It's really different than any other organ in that sense. We know that every experience, every thought, every memory, every sensation has its origin in the brain. The brain is made of almost 90 billion neurons, but it produces the idea that there's a single thing inside my head. My particular pattern of neuronal connections, it actually creates me. And your particular pattern of neuronal connections actually creates you. Years of studying the brain have humbled me. He looks scared. You can't control everything that makes you who you are. But the unconscious you is still you. The vast majority of the brain's work is happening outside conscious awareness. (crowd groans) LIMB: If you try to over-control some things, you actually will decrease your performance. You have to let go of conscious self-monitoring to just kind of, like, go with the flow. It could be scary to say and scary to hear, but we are not just our own. We are all multifaceted, multi-dimensional people. And by becoming more aware of the unconscious processes in your own brain, you can become more aware of what drives you, and what you ultimately can control.

  Top Comments:
  1. @novapbs [19 likes]: 💙 Love diving deep into the mysteries of the universe? Your support is the fuel behind every frame of NOVA. While the content is free, the rigorous, peer-reviewed science storytelling behind it is powered by you. Help us keep high-quality science accessible to everyone, everywhere. https://bit.ly/4cP0nZU
  2. @Vineethreacts: This is my opinion on the human mind https://youtu.be/xOSdV6hk1Ys?si=0vibG2-5YS0B85rr
  3. @NatashaBurns-s5m: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  4. @Starscr34m76: https://youtu.be/DG_UlkRvM0M?is=RjnH5LTJ6Cje9_Pd
  5. @HoàiVĩnhAnMã: Imagine story
  6. @HoàiVĩnhAnMã: No one cannot control our brain
  7. @LenkaWarrior: 2026
Do you continue to use the misnomer Mind?
Yeah: 99.99% of you continue to use the misnomer Mind!
😂😂😂😂😂
  8. @gabrielajonczyk5663: Discipline defines the outcome:

- environment,
- habit formation,
- sensual stimulation (touch and nervous system),
- muscle,
- ownership and economy,
that and more determines if person will watch for 6 hours TV series. 
Aspirations are also not determined by brain, economy and accessibility is crucial but it is a lot more. Family, place of birth and education, social connection and so on and so on.
  9. @NieraTage: Thank you, PBS ❤
  10. @DillipBera-vo8oc: Human brain is a beautiful servant, but a very dangerous master...🕉️🇮🇳🕉️🇮🇳🕉️🇮🇳🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑💜🤎❤️💜💜🤎❤️💋💋🗽🗽
  11. @DillipBera-vo8oc: Human brain is a super duper computer protect it by reading books and doing experiments..🕉️🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑🇮🇳👑💜🤎❤️💋💋🗽🗽
  12. @AsRealDreamers: 40:00

47:00
  13. @Factsshowerr: So is the debate about free will over?
  14. @Factsshowerr: Consciousness should be in control
  15. @philharmer198: Consciousness should be in control .
  16. @fcr1980-f8p: So, is the debate about free will over ?
  17. @AnjaEscherich-y9u: A judgemental and intolerant world that has made sure you have to get things done as if danger and cruelty don´t exist or don´t stop you or you are a loser.
  18. @CurtNovitsky: The mind has a mind of its own
  19. @ChrisBucker: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  20. @Bosnevi-c2i: COGNITION: The path to understanding reality
(From biological instinct to transcendental Revelation)

📜 COGNITION is a complex human activity that encompasses the acquisition of knowledge and awareness of the world through experience, thought, observation, and, for believers, through Revelation. It manifests in various forms and is explored through interdisciplinary perspectives: from quantum physics and neuroscience to philosophy, art, and theology.

"Glorify the name of your Lord, the Most High, who creates and proportions well, and who determines with measure and guides." (Al-A'la, 1-3)

"Our Lord is He who gave to each thing its form and nature, then guided it." (Ta-Ha, 49-50)

"By the soul and He who proportioned it and inspired it with discernment of its wickedness and its righteousness, he has succeeded who purifies it, and he has failed who instills it with corruption!" (Ash-Shams, 7-10)

"And your Lord inspired to the bee, 'Take for yourself among the mountains, houses, and among the trees and in that which they construct. Then eat from all the fruits and follow the ways of your Lord laid down for you.' There emerges from their bellies a drink, varying in colors, in which there is healing for people. Indeed in that is a sign for a people who give thought." (An-Nahl, 68-69)

These Quranic truths resonate today in the highest scientific spheres. Quantum physics adds ontological weight to cognition, proving that information is the fundamental building block of the universe, while neuroscience confirms the deep biological and electromagnetic bond between the body, mind, and environment.

TYPES OF COGNITION

There is a total of seven types of cognition - six earthly and one heavenly. Earthly cognitions encompass the basic dimensions of human understanding, while heavenly cognition is Revelation, which comes as a divine source of truth.

📗 The Messenger of Allah, peace and blessings be upon him, said: "Whoever takes a path upon which to obtain knowledge, Allah makes the path to Paradise easy for him." (Muslim)

 1. BIOLOGICAL COGNITION (life and physiological needs): The fundamental level of cognition, common to all living beings. It encompasses the sense of existence and the autonomous reactions of the nervous system for survival. Intelligence is a transitional phase between biological and intellectual cognitions.

 2. INTELLECTUAL COGNITION (intelligence, reason, and intellect): Characteristic of humans. It encompasses problem-solving, abstract logical reasoning (reason), and metacognition - the ability to integrate knowledge into a coherent whole (intellect), aimed at adaptation and general well-being. It is precisely through the acquisition of this level of knowledge that man is ontologically and spiritually elevated in the cosmic order:

"...Allah will raise those who have believed among you and those who were given knowledge, by degrees. And Allah is Acquainted with what you do." (Al-Mujadila, 11)

"Whomever Allah wishes good for, He grants him deep understanding in religion." (Bukhari and Muslim)

 3. WISDOM: A higher level of cognition that transcends mere analytics. It refers to the understanding of the deeper laws of life. It includes ethical reasoning and the application of knowledge for the sake of good. Wisdom (hikmah) is not mere information gathering, but a Divine gift of sound judgment that represents the ultimate wealth of mind and spirit:

"He gives wisdom to whom He wills, and whoever has been given wisdom has certainly been given much good. And none will remember except those of understanding." (Al-Baqarah, 269)

"Wisdom is the lost property of the believer, so wherever he finds it, he is most deserving of it." (Tirmidhi)

 4. INTUITIVE COGNITION: Direct understanding without conscious cognitive reasoning. Here, the heart takes on a crucial role, perceiving information and sending it to the brain faster than the rational mind can process it.

 5. EXPERIENTIAL COGNITION: Knowledge acquired through personal interaction with the world, lived through and stored in the subconscious.

 6. MORAL COGNITION: Understanding of ethical principles, inextricably linked to the human conscience (fitrah) and the spiritual state of the heart.

 7. REVELATION (Transcendental cognition): Cognition beyond the reach of mere human experience, through Divine inspiration. Revelation represents the highest form of "Information" - a divine code that harmonizes the physical laws of the universe with the moral laws of humanity. This transcendental knowledge is infinite, inexhaustible, and represents the absolute truth over which human reason can only watch in admiration:

"Say, 'If the sea were ink for the words of my Lord, the sea would be exhausted before the words of my Lord were exhausted, even if We brought the like of it as a supplement.'" (Al-Kahf, 109)

In this way, the verse from Al-Mujadila confirms that intellect and learning raise us to higher degrees; the verse from Al-Baqarah frames the definition of wisdom as the greatest wealth; while the verse from Al-Kahf places Revelation on its rightful throne as an infinite, inexhaustible source of information and creation.

❤️ THE HEART: THE NEUROLOGICAL AND METAPHYSICAL COMPASS OF MAN

Although the brain processes information and draws logical conclusions, growing scientific evidence indicates that intuitive and moral cognition (types 4 and 6) fundamentally rely on the heart. The heart plays a key role in moral, emotional, and spiritual (religious) reasoning and the confirmation of tawhid.

Neurocardiology confirms that the heart possesses its own intrinsic nervous system — the so-called "heart brain" — with over 40,000 neurons. Although cognitive logic and analytics remain in the domain of the cranial brain, the sensory signals processed by the cardiac nervous system and sent to the brain directly modulate the centers for emotions and perception. The heart thereby gives the brain an "emotional and moral tone" before the mind even forms a conscious thought.

"Those who have believed and whose hearts are assured by the remembrance of Allah. Unquestionably, by the remembrance of Allah hearts are assured." (Ar-Ra'd, 28)

Communication between the heart and the brain occurs predominantly via the vagus nerve, with 80% of the impulses traveling upward, from the heart to the brain. The electromagnetic field of the heart is many times stronger than that of the brain and can be measured several feet away from the body. When we are in a state of gratitude, love, or spiritual tranquility (itmi'nan), this field becomes highly coherent, making the heart a resonator that communicates with the environment and aligns with a higher order. Tests show that the heart can anticipate emotional signals before the conscious mind registers them — which indicates its intuitive perception. The brain is a tool for logic, and the heart is a compass for emotions and morality — which is why intuitive decisions often “come from the heart”.

🔬The Science of Heart Coherence

The concept of heart coherence represents a state in which the heart, brain, and nervous system operate in optimal synchronization. In a coherent state, our heart rhythm becomes more ordered, which improves cognitive and emotional functions, mental clarity, and resilience to stress. The human biological body proves itself here as well to be the ultimate evidence of perfect Divine order.

❤️The Heart in Revelation: The Seat of Intellect and Faith
These discoveries deepen the understanding of the Quranic discourse, which has always attributed the capacity for understanding, decision-making, and faith to the heart.

"So have they not traveled through the earth and have hearts by which to reason and ears by which to hear? For indeed, it is not eyes that are blinded, but blinded are the hearts which are within the breasts." (Al-Hajj, 46)

Commentary on the verse (Ibn Juzayy al-Kalbi al-Andalusi): "This is proof that the intellect (moral and emotional) resides in the heart, and not in the head as philosophers claim... True blindness is not the blindness of the eyes, but the blindness of the heart. For these people, it is not their eyes that are blind, but their hearts."

The brain operates logically, but often without a moral context. This is where the heart steps in as the seat of conscience and spiritual cognition, infusing information with ethics. The blindness of the eyes is physical, but the blindness of the heart is a spiritual inability to recognize the Truth.

The Messenger, peace and blessings be upon him, further clarified the central role of the heart:

"There is a piece of flesh in the body: if it is sound, the whole body is sound; if it is corrupt, the whole body is corrupt. Truly, it is the heart." (Bukhari and Muslim)

"Verily, Allah does not look at your bodies or your appearances, but He looks at your hearts and your deeds." (Muslim)

❤️Qalb and Fu'ad: The Intuitive Organ that Sees the Truth
In the Islamic tradition, a subtle distinction is made between states of the heart. Qalb comes from a root that means "to turn around, to fluctuate" - it is a heart susceptible to change. On the other hand, fu'ad denotes a deeper, more intensely burning state of the heart; the one that feels deeply and into which the Truth is permanently engraved, the site of the inner battle between light and darkness. This shows that man exercises intuition, repentance, and confirms faith through his spiritual center.

The practice of dhikr and dua specifically aims at achieving itmi'nan al-qalb (tranquility of the heart), a state that is the spiritual parallel to scientific heart coherence. These practices strengthen the heart, making it capable of recognizing the Truth and preparing it for eternity.

- How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en - Coke is just soda. Tylenol is just acetaminophen. And Levi's are just jeans. Yet consumers go out of their way to select these specific brands over others. - An economist would say, "How is this possible, that a rational consumer would be willing to pay more for exactly the same thing?" We love to think about ourselves as rational. That's not how it works. A very famous study done by colleagues at Duke University flashed either the Apple logo or the IBM logo to two randomized groups of participants. - The study found that after being subliminally exposed to the Apple logo, compared to when you'd been exposed to the IBM logo, participants performed better on creative tasks. - And the argument is that Apple has been telling you this story over and over again, that Apple is the brand for hip, cool, fun, creative people. - This is the true power of brands. They can influence our behavior in ways that extend way beyond the point of sale. So to what degree can the influence of brands wreak havoc on our ability to make rational spending decisions? This is your brain on money. This is Americus Reed. He studies identity and marketing at the University of Pennsylvania. When I make choices about different brands, I'm choosing to create an identity. When I put that shirt on, when I put those shoes on, those jeans, that hat, someone is going to form an impression about what I'm about. So if I'm choosing Nike over Under Armour, I'm choosing a kind of different way to express affiliation with sport. The Nike thing is about performance. The Under Armour thing is about the underdog. I have to choose which of these different conceptual pathways is most consistent with where I am in my life. - And once a consumer makes that choice, their relationship with a brand can deepen to the point where they identify with that brand like family. And once you identify with a brand, it can shape the way you behave. - And it's really interesting because they will also, if someone talks bad about that product, brand, or service, they will be the first to go out and defend. Why? Because an attack on the brand is an attack on themselves. - Michael Platt is a professor of neuroscience, marketing, and psychology whose research demonstrates how our perception of brands influences our decisions. - There's an idea in marketing, which is that we relate to brands in the same way we relate to people. It's like, "I love this brand," or, "I hate this brand." Of course, what people say, right, can often be different from what's really going on in their heads. So we thought, "Well, why don't we just ask the brain directly?" - Michael and his team observed the brains of iPhone users and Samsung Galaxy users with an MRI machine while they heard good, bad, and neutral news about Apple and Samsung. - Apple customers showed a brain empathy response toward Apple that was exactly what you'd see in the way you would respond to somebody in your own family. - Strangely, Samsung users didn't have any positive or negative responses when good or bad news was released about their brand. The only evidence that Samsung users showed was reverse empathy for Apple news. Meaning if the Apple headline was negative, their brain reflected a positive response. - You know, it really shows us that Apple has completely defined the market here. Samsung customers, it seems, from their brain data, are only buying Samsung 'cause they hate Apple. - The kicker? The Samsung users didn't report feeling the results their MRIs showed. What was happening in their brains and what they reported feeling towards Apple and Samsung, were totally different. - Most people just don't realize that they are subconsciously choosing brands because those brands have some kind of self-expressive value. - You can see there's a lot of power here in terms of shaping consumers' decisions. As we learn more and more about that, we have to think much more deeply about the ethical, legal, and societal implications of doing that. - So, as consumers, what can we do to make informed choices? Well, the best thing we can do is to be aware of the influence that brands hold. - I think it's important to always pause and think a little bit about, "Okay, why am I buying this product?" - And like it or not, brands aren't going anywhere. - I've heard lots of people push back and say that, "I'm not into brands." I take a very different view. They're not doing anything any different than what someone who affiliates with a brand is doing. They have a brand, it's just an anti-brand brand. And I think about, what is it that I've learned about identity over time? I think a lot of it has to do with the fundamental need that we as humans have to have support systems. Perhaps it was the church, it was the community, it was these other institutions that existed. Now, brands have stepped in as pillars of our identity. So I'm very much motivated to see that in that positive light.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Handlethis66 [1 likes]: This is for the weak lemmings,  buy the brands, you look good wearing someone's else's name other than your own? Your very weak minded if you buy brands, don't be fooled by advertising, they are there to brainwash you. Fool.
  2. @chicobicalho5621 [1 likes]: And now we have a most interesting, and worped, approach to pushing a brand, through the so-called "influencers"
  3. @chicobicalho5621 [1 likes]: Marketing is a fascinating means of convincing people to try a product, not to keep buying it, because, if that product is a bad product,  no marketing technique will convince you to keep buying it. As David Ogilvy said -"Nothing kills a bad product faster than good advertisement". During an MFA at NYU in the mid 1980s, I took a fascinating course with Abigail Solomon-Godeau on "photo iconography", and to my surprise she only discussed advertising photography throughout that semester, analyzing brilliantly how advertising photography is complex, and carefully conceived to evoke a fascination for the "aura" of a determined product, and, people "adopting" a brand as their own is a reflex on that thinking. However, there are interesting twists, like the hip black community embracing Tommy Hilfiger in the 1990s, a brand completely focused on selling products to the white middle class bourgeoisie, and this should be an interesting case to be studied, for it goes beyond the regular marketing route, and approach. There was talk of "the black kids wearing TH ruining the brand, and their marketing approach", because the white bourgeois folks lost interest once homeboys embraced Hilfiger, regardless, it is all very fascinating
  4. @AtoGo23: So true, brainwashing🤯 by brand
  5. @RiskManagement-ex2nl: music too loud. can't hear
  6. @realunfluffed: It's very sad that if someone doesn't have an iPhone or doesn't wear a Nike sneakers.
They're made to feel ashamed.

Even in a country like India where people only earn $200-500 a month, compared to America where they earn $3000-5000 a month.
We need to save for a full year to buy an iPhone in India.
  7. @mikalthomas37: I will now wear non name brand from now on 🥂
  8. @kimkouski: In the 1980s when I was a teen, I’d rather be dropped from a building than to wear any jeans other than Levi. Cool kids wore Levi. End of discussion…
  9. @Tisalya: woah. you just made me realize..
  10. @rolebod01: cool story
  11. @Aritistic007: Advertising isn't about purchasing a product anymore.  Or about the specs of that product. It's become meme like in weird colours like childrens programmes.
It's all very odd!
  12. @almaisaks: How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think
  13. @andygold-YT: It's a shame that universities are doing such basic, shallow, and not rigorous studies. 😔🎓
  14. @XiZ-For-Me: The analogy of the architectural plan is perfect, you wouldn't build a house without a blueprint, and you definitely shouldn't build a business without a solid plan to guide your growth and secure funding
  15. @QukFuze: Fascinating insights, It’s incredible to see the neurological data proving that branding goes far beyond logic, tapping directly into our sense of identity and human connection
  16. @sj750: Consumers are far from rational.
  17. @MuttyPech: Absolutely brilliant content.
  18. @blockbusstar: I disagree with this video. I hardly know anyone who chooses a brand because of what they stand for. Most people I know buy the stuff based on: their problems, client reviews and what looks good.  none of this underdog type of shit. We don't look at brands like a movie. We look at it in a way that fixes our problems the best
  19. @PagalPaltuTV: fire tysm 
  20. @TuyenTuan-g1s: strongg

- What Happens To Your Brain When You Mindlessly Scroll?: Kind: captions Language: en this episode is sponsored by fabulous your phone changes your brain as the average American touches their phone 2 600 times per day and this constant scrolling has altered your brain's neurology so what would happen to your brain and body if you tried to quit your phone after one hour of quitting you have likely tried to pick up your phone three to four times because the average person picks up their phone 52 times per day after 12 hours of quitting you may start to feel anxious as not checking your phone actually releases the stress hormone cortisol this is due to how your phone changes these three neural Pathways in your brain they are activated when anticipating or experiencing a reward your phone's Tick Tock notifications text messages or Instagram story updates all act as many rewards to your brain and physically change how these Pathways work in the new absence of your phone cortisol is released because when you're endlessly scrolling or using social media the positive social interactions reward the brain and cause constant firing this causes a release of dopamine along these Pathways in response to your phone's constant stimulus every ding notification every thoughty sexy photo of someone on Instagram a text message from a friend acts as a mini reward that you now associate with picking up your phone and these little associations become stronger and stronger in the Noggin until you're just constantly picking up your phone you know what I mean sometimes you're on the phone with your mom for example and looking for your phone because you're like wait where's my phone it's usually in my hand this way not on the phone and then you realize that we're all in the crisis of the cell phone age so after 12 hours of quitting you are no longer checking your phone this lack of stimulus that you're used to in your brain causes a stress response and you start to feel anxious I hate this thing that is you really love it more than anything in the world after 24 hours of quitting and one survey found that people began to experience fomo the fear of missing out which led to increased heart rate increased blood pressure and more anxiety other people had increased anxiety but they couldn't exactly explain why it wasn't just because of fomo for example but it is likely due to the fact that these tech companies have actually hijacked our brains using their reward prediction error encoding of our Noggins tech companies have studied these neuronal Concepts in order to keep you using their products if you look at this dopamine activity and reward chart you see that you learn behaviors when you get a reward without a cue you keep behaviors when you anticipate a reward and it gets um satisfied and you change a behavior when you anticipate a good reward but it's worse than expected so you don't want to do it again this is all linked to our human evolution ability to survive we predict our yummy yummy food the yummy yummy food gives us Health we learn the behavior we continue to eat but when applying this to our phone we often can't predict what is going to happen when we check our phone and with notifications likes and communication we are mostly always rewarded by checking it making us learn to constantly check our phone also since checking your phone is such a low cost effort you expect small rewards and are mostly satisfied so you continue the behavior of checking your phone the hijacking of these neuronal Pathways means you have strong incentives to check your phone other and other and over and again now that you've quit your phone the stimulus is removed and that actually leads to increased anxiety day three of quitting is when most people start to feel the Phantom vibration or Phantom ringing of their cell phone that is no longer there this is when quitting your phone starts to feel like a horror movie you'll literally start to feel your phone buzzing in your leg even though it's not there like a goddamn ghost of your old phone but day three of quitting is when some good things start to happen because you may begin to be rewarded by your friends your family your lover because you're actually not paying attention to them you are no longer fubbing which is snubbing your loved ones for your phone oh loved one please stop talking I must snub thee for I am looking at hot man lifting weight topless on Instagram one study had participants view an animation pretending to be with a sexual partner one animation checked their phone throughout the other did not the participants perceived the people who didn't check their phone as having a better quality of communication and increased relationship satisfaction after three days of quitting your phone you may start to notice that your relationships are improving after day five of quitting your phone and your attention span may increase you may even start noticing that you're doing better at work and school a small study of college students who actively use their phones found they now focus on subject objects for only 65 seconds another study of office workers who use their phones at work found they can only focus for three minutes at a time but a study at the Carnegie Mellon University's human computer interaction lab took 136 students and got them to sit a test some of them had to have their phone Switched Off and the others had their phones on and received intermittent text messages the students who received text messages performed on average 20 percent worse than those who had their phones off this is because your conscious brain can only produce one or two thoughts at once every time you open a text message or check a notification your brain has to switch from task to task creating the switch cost effect making it harder for you to concentrate but since you've quit your phone you are switching tasks less often and you may start to notice your attention span increasing and your ability to do better work at school or even at the end job after five to seven days of quitting and your cognition will continue to improve a study of 660 people examined the analytical cognitive styles of its participants on average participants with stronger cognitive skills spent less time using their smartphones the study went as far to say there may be a potential link between heavy smartphone use and decreased intelligence reading that study was a blow to the ego because I am known for using my phone a lot more than a lot of other people and therefore yes it's a bit of proof that I am dumb after one week a long-term study found reducing cell phone use caused improved sleep some scientists argue that it is the psychological arousal of the phone that affects our sleep others argue it's the light from the screen you know you've heard all about the blue light like oh it's burning my retinas I can't sleep there isn't any hard evidence as to why these cell phones are making you sleep less just some surveys and large studies about people who use their cell phones less getting better sleep do with that as you will after 14 days of no phone anxiety anxiety has decreased some studies even hint that you may have decreased depression this is because Studies have found that phone use may be associated with depression although it is hard to say whether your phone causes depression but one study found that teens who spend five hours daily on their mobile devices are 71 percent more likely to develop risk factors for depression compared to those who only use their phone for an hour after two weeks you will also have reduced neck and wrist pain one study found that the longer you used your phone the more likely you were to have neck pain people who overuse their phone could also affect their hamstring this is because of an increased size in your median nerve and decreased grip strength due to using your phone the median nerve starts from your shoulder down to all your fingers except your pinky on the palm side this increase in size of the nerve from using your phone means that you have a higher risk of getting carpal tunnel syndrome which is defined by numbness tingling and weakness in your hand so after or two weeks of not using your phone you're potentially healing not just your brain but your body too thank you to Fabulous for sponsoring this video because it is the only app that actually helps me with my phone addiction and other aspects of My Life by using science-backed daily routines to build better habits and Achieve goals fabulous has helped me actually get things done in me dang life it's a beautifully designed little app and when I first started I was nervous so all I got it to do was help me wake up first thing and drink water an easy habit that then spiraled into a bunch of other habits I now do from this app now it helps me with my writing routines my evening routines that involve turning off my phone at 7 pm every day sitting there chewing Me nails staring at a wall not sure what to do but this fabulous app keeps me accountable you can make it more self-guided as I have to design plans for me to paint more or you can have it be more guided through the app and it can take you through a series of Journeys that include nighttime mindfulness exercises or the creation of habits that the app decides for you based on simple surveys it's a gorgeous little app sometimes it even makes you like reach out to friends and vulnerable ways which is like really cool my friends are like wait why are you texting me nice things I'm like I don't know this app told me to and then like my other apps it doesn't waste my time it actually helps me gain back time improve my mental and physical health and hopefully change my behavior to become a better person start building your daily routine the first 500 people who click on the link will get 25 off fabulous premium so do it and join me every night in my mindfulness exercises as I slowly become a better person thank you so much for watching make sure you're subscribed for more science videos and if you're on your phone right now try turning it off for a couple days and see if you start to feel Phantom vibrations a little spooky spooky in the pocket peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @epfstudio [2 likes]: Interesting but lower down with the zestiness please
  2. @Kaederz [1 likes]: doom scrolling lowers cortisol
  3. @realticksYT [1 likes]: 4:14 is u guy
  4. @AbhinK-ut8gh [1 likes]: Reduce the volume completely to reduce overthinking it helps  alot 😱😱
  5. @chloelee-g3f [1 likes]: I mainly don’t enjoy social media, even though Instagram, TikTok, and Facebook are all just in my phone.
  6. @ModernVitals: this is crazy!
  7. @Just_AguyI1: What Else do I do then?
  8. @unstopyou: sooo gyyyy
  9. @unstopyou: The acting is toooo much
  10. @SaraJungPsychology: the phantom vibration thing actually broke my brain a little - that's your nervous system literally grieving the dopamine loop lol
  11. @Josjoh: In the year 2021, YouTube shorts were invented, then slowly other apps started following the same route. Now everyone is addicted, including me.
  12. @John-w8b7l: Short form scroll content also teaches you nothing after 2 hours of scrolling you can rarely remember any of it
  13. @brandonboss6868: 1 hour of quitting trying to pick up your phone 3-4 times.

More like 34 times
  14. @Ineed5dalla: I really hate apple
  15. @DiobuGodwin: What's the name of the app
  16. @XpCool001: Mindless scrolling happens only on shorts, reel type platforms. As of youtube (main yt vids) i search up what I want and watch it unlike in shorts I get which I didn't even asked for. Like who wants to watch how someone fart in 1600s effect history for no reason😂 that's what shorts sucks. 
Youtube big original platform I can search any particular video.
  17. @norliza2185: 😂 you're funny..  I'd love to try..
  18. @3xperimentce: For me the problem is not my phone but all these short time vieos and I wish so bad that you could just turn them off so I can watch my long term videos on youtube in peace.
  19. @thehumanmanual01: Brain is Hacked to loss the money🤑
  20. @Stevesmusictravel: I deleted the Facebook app from my phone two weeks ago and it already feels like I’m living off grid. I can’t imagine what it’s like quitting my phone entirely. I actually kind of have experience that considering the second I clock into my job I turn off my phone for 80% of my shift and I’m actually more focused on my job and get things done. I know once I turn on my phone at work. I get addicted to it and stare at it all damn day. Which is why I turned it off the second I come into work.

- How To Be A Minimalist When Your Partner Isn't: Kind: captions Language: en One common question that continues to resurface throughout the comments on my content and through messages and emails I receive is; how do I practice minimalism when my partner isn't? And when say partner, I'm also referring to roommates, parents, in-laws, kids, siblings, even your best friend. And although living together can drastically change the dynamic of a relationship, the ideas I plan to share with you today are applicable regardless if you and the other person share the same space or not. So if you're the minimalist who's trying to get their partner on board, or if you're the other person who's not quite with this minimalism thing but you're trying to understand for the sake of your partner, friend, or relative. Then grab a seat, tune out the rest of the world around you and focus on this conversation for the next few minutes. It's going to be valuable and I don't want you to miss anything. Alright before we get started, I'd love for you to comment below and let me know which side of the fence you're currently on. Are you the one who's practicing minimalism? Or are you the partner, friend, or relative who's just trying to understand why this minimalism thing is so important to the person in your life? Ok, so how do you live like a minimalist or practice minimalism when your partner isn’t? Should you try to change them, or declutter their things behind their back? Do you disown them because they're not willing to decluttering as much as you are? The short answer is no. Do not pressure your partner, friend, or relative to declutter or get rid of a bunch of their stuff behind their back. And definitely don't disown them simply because they're choosing to consume more than you do. As tempting as it might be, nagging or decluttering your partner’s things without their permission will undoubtedly create tension, diminish trust, and push the other person to become even more attached and protective of their personal belongings. If you're familiar at all with my content then you know that I firmly believe that minimalism is A) a unique, individual journey; which we'll talk more about later. and B) is actually about living with more of what matters, by choosing to want less of what doesn't. So how do we balance these two narratives so you and your partner, friend or relative aren't continuously butting heads? Well, this first thing is a must, regardless if you share the same space or not. You have to talk about it. Take it from me. As someone who is newly married and has had friends in every walk of life. I've learned that communication is the process of life. Without it, it's very difficult to get anything done or make progress, let alone understand. And yes, decluttering is already intimating. Mainly if you're new to the idea or hesitant about letting go of something when you don't know if you'll need it later in life or not. It can also be a touchy subject, especially if sentimental items are the topic of discussion. So if it’s important to you, it’s important to talk about it. Some key things to remember are: One, listen to understand not to respond. If I've learned anything from my relationship with Alexius, it's that communication is crucial. This one-act is arguable the central life source of any relationship. And in order for that to work, you each have to be willing to listen with the intent to understand, not to respond. When you can master this, be it with your partner, friend, or relative, regardless if the conversation is about minimalism or not then you'll be setting yourself up for success and progress. Number two is ask questions. Such as why is this important to you? How are you able to detach from sentimental items? What are the benefits you're experiencing from minimalism? What is it about simplifying that scares or worries you? How do you get and stay motivated to declutter? See talking about these things and asking other questions that come to mind helps bring awareness to what you find important and valuable no matter what side of the fence you're on. And hey, these conversations might even plant a seed in your partner’s mind that could someday spark their interest in simplifying their own life. Allow each other to have a voice. Now, this is different than talking about it. Allowing each other to have a voice means giving the other person equal say when decluttering shared items. This includes books, furniture, nicknacks and decor, kid's stuff if that applies to you, and the like. This is different than talking about it because this doesn't require a formal sit down, however, communication here is still important and I don't want to you miss that. Establish clutter-free and clutter-safe zones. If you're sharing a space with someone; your partner, a roommate, a relative. Then this is for you. See we all need space to keep and store our things, but setting boundaries around where you can and cannot leave things to pile up can help control clutter. Especially if the both of you, or however many of you share the same space, don't see eye to eye on minimalist living. Great places to establish as clutter-free zones are commonly shared areas, like the kitchen, the living room, and a shared bedroom if that applies to you. Now, on the other hand, establishing clutter-safe zones are equally important, if you're sharing the same space with someone. Clutter-safe zones are places where you and the other person can keep their personal belongings as tidy or as messy as you would like, in a way that doesn't affect the other person or cause unnecessary stress. Now once these zones are established and agreed on, then they must be respected. Be supportive. We're all protective of the things that matter most to us. So nagging and criticizing your partner, friend, or relative about what they own or don't own won't do anyone, any good. If you have something to say, it's best to talk about it respectfully. And instead of criticizing, try offering your help to go through things, if they're open to it. Maybe you help find a home for their belongings, or you sit down together and have a conversation about why something is important to them. Remember criticism drives defensiveness, which makes it impossible for either of you to share the same space or live together. Just be supportive and patient with one another. Accept your differences. Living with someone else; a partner, roommates, relatives, can be hard. And sharing the same space comes with its own challenges. But accepting your differences might be the aha moment for you when you walk away from this conversation. Now yes, you can lead by example and live a minimalist life of your own, support each other, talk about the things you disagree on, and make decisions together when it involves But you can't make a person change. All you can do is respect them for who they are, love them where they're at, and keep communication front and center. If I share something with you that made you think and reassess your personal situation. Feel free to comment below and share as much or as little as you'd like. Keep growing, keep learning and always stay true to you. I'll see you in the next one. Peace!

  Top Comments:
  1. @RonaldLBanks [50 likes]: I noticed that I failed the give examples of clutter-safe spaces in this video. I don’t want to leave you without this valuable piece. So here are a few examples:
An office space
A den
A basement
A spare room
Bonus room
Loft space
Etc.
These rooms vary depending on your living situation. It’s best to have this conversation with whoever you live with and decide who gets what space to call their own. It’s healthy to have both clutter free and clutter safe spaces because you never want someone feel not like themselves in their own home. Hope this helps!
  2. @iamtstamps [3 likes]: I'm trying to practice minimalism, living in a materialistic and clutter filled home of my parent's.
  3. @amostiki6183 [1 likes]: Excellent.

The YouTube algorithm knew I needed to discover this clear explanation as I struggle to know how to deal with my new and motivated journey of decluttering.

Very inspiring and food for thought, thank you.
  4. @spookyvillevideo [1 likes]: Im trying and having a hard time.
  5. @coreynguity [1 likes]: You are an excellent orator. Gestures, tone, pace. Your flow reminds me of spoken word/ poetry. In that, it compliments your aesthetic. Great content!
  6. @budd20e [1 likes]: Little late to this video but what I loved most was "Listen to understand, not to respond" this is such a valuable lesson for all relationships no matter the topic.   It is a key foundation of successful dialogue too.  Thank you for this.  I also think we'll establish some clutter safe zones now. What a great idea.
  7. @laurenbeveridge6313 [1 likes]: Another great video Ron. Love your tips and how you explain things.
  8. @susanmartinez3373 [1 likes]: I'm the practicing minimalist, well on the journey for a few years, still have a way to go, but the mindset is there...my husband loves stuff! But we are learning to compromise...
  9. @susank580 [1 likes]: Hey, I think I just got done asking this question recently. Thanks so much Ronald for creating such a meaningful video with real solutions!!!
  10. @mishnanua2038 [1 likes]: My wife is not a minimalist, and I don't want to change her, but just trying to get her to understand what I am trying to achieve. She likes to buy me clothes, which I appreciate, but I don't need and makes me feel guilty if I don't show that I appreciate the thought more than the gift. I prefer life experiences and spending time together.
  11. @sofiaandersson996: I'm the one who wants to be frugal and minimal
  12. @lesleytungate2629: I’ve been trying to be a minimalist for a couple of years, it’s hard work seeing the consumption within my own home. We moved to a smaller home and this has helped.
  13. @trishferrer8209: I have becoming minimalist for the past few years. Why? Because I have had much loss. My parents and son died young. I have experienced a devastating fire. Lost Barbies, Beatle albums, everything. Experienced 2 divorces. In Al-Anon now, for reasons... I want a cleaned-up life. I want to control what I keep and what I let go. I'm not extreme. I am happy w/my minimal wardrobe. Searching and rummaging through stuff, stuff, stuff is maddening and stressful. I need the most simple life. My boyfriend and I moved in together, and he hates when I let go of multiples. Few examples: four drain stoppers for kitchen sink. Many multiples of partly used products from 25 yrs ago - not exaggerating. The list goes on. He hoards. I used to, but I have changed. We don't need thousands of duplicates of everything. It makes me feel mentally ill and closed-in. He has hundreds (literally) of winter shirts and hundreds of summer shirts, all from the past 36 years, no lie, many w/holes, stains, too large, too small, smh... 😭 I have nice, basic cotton t-shirts and 3pr jeans and a few pants in basic colors. I have 1 wk of shorts in different colors. In summer it's shorts and t-shirts, then for winter I use same shirts, add basic jacket, jeans, boots. Keeps my part of the closet and my drawers neat. 
If I toss out or give anything away, he pulls it out of the trash or plastic bin, questions me, states why we should keep it (no matter what it is! Even when we have multiples). Lord help me. 😢
  14. @vikkirountoit497: WOW. This is really well thought out and well said. And applies to SO much more than minimalism:) Thank you!!
  15. @naomisandoz3448: i am the one in the relationship who is a minimalist. but little by little my boyfriend also gets rid of stuff because I ask if he wants to sort it out because I want to keep things tidy in the house and want less stuff. I hope one day he will do this view himself
  16. @Anonymous-ZR1: Man good thing I found this video it has helped me I guess in someway mentally. When you mentioned to simply just respect there boundary’s and accept the differences that helped because I’m not sure if I should just thrown out my dads junk just laying around and to talk with then instead because my situation isn’t the best I mean like it can be worst but we lost our apartment like 5 years ago (im just turned 18) and yeah he just isn’t the best dad but with that being said our family has to stay in one room therefor his side is so messy and it like I’m trying to become one my self because I hate living in a messy lifestyle like the way I was raised because now that I’m looking back there is so much stuff I realize now that was done that affect a child’s growth and it’s affected me and I’m aware of it now if not the super hyper awareness and the minimalist lifestyle is basically naturally becoming my life style even before I had herd of the word “minimalist”. No idea why I wrote this😅
  17. @Mits4g94: My partner has too many heels and purses I just have 3 pair of sneakers 😂
  18. @yasminevriens724: minimalist
  19. @Autumn_Forest_: I’ve been married, but I finally had to face the fact that it’s just better for me to live alone. I can’t share my space because other humans in my personal space feel a lot like clutter.
  20. @Shottie77: I love minimalism and my husband is a borderline hoarder!

- When Your Significant Other Won't Declutter: Kind: captions Language: en i have posts that i share on social media inviting people to the free master class that i offer and of the many invitations that i put out there the one with the most comments has a thread that was initiated by a viewer dedicated to the hardships of not having a partner on board with minimalism or with tending to the home in general people really resonated with that issue and i'm not surprised because of the many years that i've been doing this one of the most frequently asked questions that i get is how do i do this when my partner is not on board with minimalism it's asked in a number of different ways and even in doing research for this video the research results looked like this so if you can relate to any of these you are clearly not alone i have another video on the social effects of clutter that helps dive into how this particular issue does add friction to a variety of different relationships and why that's the case but today i want to focus on solutions or at least ways to move forward with your clutter-free endeavors as amicably as possible now i use the word minimalism because that's specifically something that i get asked about how to get your partner on board with minimalism but even if you're just looking for a slightly less cluttered space and a slightly disagreeable household i do think these methods will help by the way if you're new here then welcome my name is mia danielle and i chat all about holistic and clutter-free spaces so if that's something you're into be sure to subscribe and turn on those notifications now i do think that it's worth mentioning that yes i am married matt and i have been together for almost seven years and he is very supportive of me living a minimalist life and he's adopted a lot of those traits himself even though i don't know if he would actually consider himself a quote minimalist but there are many things that we've had disagreements about when it comes to our space i've shared a lot about them on here and on the blog over the years but here's the thing even with those disagreements we're still able to maintain an amicable clutter-free space that both of us are happy with and these five methods that i'm going to be sharing with you today are definitely things that we've done things that we've incorporated into our relationship and communication and so it's not all just feel good quotes and theory that i'm going to be sharing with you today these are actually things that i feel like truly do work and help to keep both partners on the same page even if one of them is trying to live a more minimalist life than the other but at the same time don't expect to see some kind of ninja mind tricks that are gonna help you to win over the mindset of your partner and suddenly make them become minimalist so if you are one of the many people who feels like this is the message for you right now go ahead and give it a thumbs up and let's dive in to the five methods that are going to help you to get your partner on board with minimalism or at least with you being a minimalist i'm sure you've heard the saying be the change and that totally applies here in general people don't know what they want until they know what they want the status quo what you're used to is always going to be easier than something that you're not used to and honestly a lifestyle of living with less may be completely off the radar for your significant other but think of it like french fries have you ever ordered fries and asked if anyone wants any and they said nah i'm good but as soon as you get yours everyone's trying to grab a few they didn't know they wanted it until it was right there in front of them until they could see the fries you know they could smell the fries we live in a world of social proof we want to see someone else do it first think of amazon we don't buy things with no reviews or low ratings right the best thing that you can do in order to get your partner on board with minimalism or any level of space decluttering is to show them this is especially true when it comes to letting go of belongings because tons of research has been done on something called the endowment effect which states that we place more value on things that we own just because we own them the most popular study on this was done at the university of chicago where only half of the students in the auditorium classroom were given a red university mug and then every student in the class was given a survey so those students who received the mug were asked how much they would be willing to sell it for and then the students who didn't receive the mug were asked how much they would be willing to spend to get one now you might think like i did that the students without the mug would offer up more money due to fomo you know not wanting to miss out on what the other students had but in actuality the students with the mug on average place the value at nearly double the price at four dollars and fifty cents to the two dollars and fifty cents of the non-mug receiving students this endowment effect shows how attached we are to our own belongings for no real reason or logic sometimes the reason that this is important is because you likely will see some belongings of your partners that seem like utter trash to you but to them these things might hold some kind of intrinsic value so again it's all about that social proof if minimalism has never been on the radar then they're likely not going to have the impulse to immediately ditch all of their belongings and that's totally understandable they may also have misconceptions about what minimalism even is now you can force them to listen to your pros and cons or make them watch a documentary with you but you really can't force change on other people your best bet is to be the example and make it a positive experience not a negative nagging one this brings me to the second way of getting your partner on board with minimalism or decluttering which is to avoid friction being a solid example of what a spacious and breathable home can look like doesn't necessarily mean that they'll come to agree with you but the chances of at least finding commonality are greater if the interactions with you around the subject of belongings aren't negative so that means to stick with decluttering your own areas and never throw away their stuff without their permission you don't want to betray their trust like that and also it means avoiding frustration and passive aggressive remarks like wow it sure is easier to reach my clothes since my side of the closet is so decluttered what you could do after you've decluttered some of your own belongings is something special with their stuff as a pleasant surprise so maybe you declutter a bookshelf and then display their books in a nice display that makes them easier to get to just make sure that you're not making any changes that you know wouldn't be appreciated this is a nice way for you to both share in a newly decluttered space with a byproduct of showcasing the benefits of less clutter number three is to find a shared vision and these are really powerful i think that the best kind of vision is a shared one especially when you're talking about a shared space and what to do with that space so if you both love yoga and coffee maybe you could share a vision of removing some clutter to make a coffee station or a yoga space if you both work from home you might both get excited about creating a new office space out of what's currently the clutter dump room shared visions really help to get everyone on the same page even if your partner isn't at all minimalist now feel free to take this one as deep as you can because the more personal and heart centered the vision is the better so maybe you both wish that you were spending more time with the kids your shared vision of decluttering your dining room could be to make family dinners a priority so that's something personal and deeper than just wanting a clean table working on developing a strong vision is something that i do talk more about in this video on the first three steps to getting started with minimalism i recommend that you check that out when you're through with this video so let's move on to number four which is to stay benefits focused if the clutter in your home is a source of frustration arguments and lost time and energy which it is for a lot of people your partner may not directly be aware of that i know we often expect other people to know our reasons behind things because in our minds it seems so obvious right but actually sharing these reasons can make a huge difference so you know share how the clutter is impacting you and the things that you're trying to accomplish be open about those deeper impacts that clutter is having on you and what you're needing from your space most loving partners are going to be responsive to at least an open conversation and that can be a good starting point for compromise if nothing else now when you're doing this though be benefits focus not just features focused so here's what i mean by that a feature would be having a pretty space or having a sleek office but a benefit would be improved focus and mental clarity right so one of those things you're really talking about how it's impacting you on a personal level you're talking about the benefits that these changes could have on you and on your partner whereas with features you're just talking about the aesthetics how things are going to look so next time instead of yelling about the useless junk that you want to get rid of explain why it matters all right number five is compromise it's your friend compromise is not bad it's a good thing like it's possible that your partner will never have a shared interest in going clutter free it may be that they deeply identify with having tons of stuff for various reasons and if it's an actual hoarding issue that's one thing but in most cases it's just a difference in outlook and values they don't see clutter in the same way that you do so in that case there's always a compromise both of you can lay out your ground rules you know it's very specific to each unique couple but consider playing some zone defense for example where the clutter is at least limited to certain zones you may also need to compromise about your kids especially if your partner is a big gift giver like that's their love language as gift giving maybe a one in one out rule with the toys would be enough to keep the water smooth the important thing to understand though is that their lifestyle choices when it comes to clutter don't have to affect how you handle your own belongings in spaces i know most people with the first sign of friction when it comes to clutter in the house they just throw their hands up and they're like ready to give up like obviously these other people in the house are not on board and therefore i can't so i think that it's really important to understand that other people's lifestyle choices when it comes to clutter and how they interact with their belongings doesn't have to impact how you choose to interact with your belongings and how you choose to enjoy your space so compromise and open communication can really help to keep one person's preferences from overshadowing another's which is always really important when you are sharing a space with people you love so good luck i'd love to know what are some ways that you've compromised or some different situations that you've set up in order to make both parties happy inside of a space maybe it was something really cool that you tried with a roommate or with a significant other in the past that kept both of you happy with your spaces even though maybe your approach to your space wasn't exactly the same i'd love to hear those down in the comments now before i hop off this friday at 1 pm pacific time is when we're gonna be doing the live workshop so this is a totally free live workshop where i share my holistic clutter free formula also it's not too late to participate in the live stream series i have going on on instagram we did our first one yesterday at one o'clock and if you're able to i will catch you today at one o'clock pacific time over on instagram to finish this live series that is laying the groundwork and kind of getting you prepped and ready for our big live workshop that we're going to be having on friday the link for the free live workshop is down in the description so i hope to see you there [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @karis3647 [10 likes]: What about a husband who sees the space you made by decluttering your own stuff as a space to fill with more of his stuff, completely negating the effect of decluttering? My husband loves to shop. He loves his stuff, and he doesn't notice a difference between a tidy, clutter-free space and a messy space full of clutter.
  2. @donnav [9 likes]: I am new to your channel and I really like your style. I love the tips in this video as myself and my husband have the same issues. We are both in our 50s and have one son who is nearly 18. When I started minimizing my stuff (and stuff in the house in general) I know I made several of the mistakes you alluded to. I am trying to not repeat those now. And it seems as if I am getting less resistance. He will likely never be as minimal with his stuff as I am and I am working to accept that. One thing I have done is discuss the idea that , whatever we hang on to, is something that our son will potentially have to deal with down the road and I don’t want that for him. I think my in laws downsizing over these last few years have also helped my husband seeing this point. Look forward to more of your videos
  3. @michelleneuman579 [6 likes]: Another good one!  I'm not sure if I missed this one.  I did have some luck (Ninja mind trick) with hubs after I was shockingly able to get him to listen to a decluttering book.  He made tons of progress in the garage.  He is slowly making progress I assume when he sees mine.  I see some things that still bother me and tell myself "Why do you care so much"  I would rather have Him and his clutter (in my opinion) than Not have Him!
  4. @karenhowk1455 [5 likes]: Everywhere my husband sits or sleeps is cluttered and it drives me crazy. He keeps everything
  5. @shwetacparkash5950 [5 likes]: Love your videos.. please share more on this kind of video. I am not able to convince my husband to keep his space clean and it’s too much for me to clean it for him and he doesn’t recently want me to touch it. Help. I don’t know how to tackle this. I have tried everything to help him. Thanks
  6. @No_nope_yes [3 likes]: I cannot discuss donating anything etc with my partner. He really does have anxiety about it and I am shocked I had no idea until recently. he just gets mad and gets to the point FINE THROW IT ALL OUT LOLOL so I hate to say I have to sneak his 40 yr old books he doesnt look at and Ive tried all the tips. SO yes I sneak them out clothes items cluttering his office I can get him on a good day and hes all for it but then its No Im not getting rid of that. ( Usually something that has been in our garage for 20+ yrs ) So frustrating. I do wonder if anyone here notice that perhaps this is an only child deal? Just a thought. P.S I have said to him do you want our family to have to clean out the items u want to keep so badly? they will have to go thru all of this when we are gone. OR do we want to move this to a new smaller home ? I get dead air lol
  7. @LisaOKTX [3 likes]: Great video Mia! Love your channel!
  8. @vivianlui7851 [2 likes]: so happy to be on this journey towards minimalism and living with less, and my bf is equally on board..
the current challenge is that i still live at home and trying to declutter my stuff from my childhood - college years
  9. @Sparkysings2 [2 likes]: My roommate is a hoarder and while she lives downstairs and I live upstairs it’s still an issue. When she starts encroaching on my space it causes problems. She’s just nasty!
  10. @debbiemize2269 [2 likes]: I am fairly new to your channel and am loving what I’ve seen!
  11. @Sierath [1 likes]: Oh no, that's me. I am the partner that won't declutter. 😮
  12. @tiashadae1143 [1 likes]: Thank you for the tips, insight!
  13. @pattiv2391: My husband gets upset when I want to get rid of my own things, ( along with hoarding his many non used items) that I brought into this 2nd marriage. He feels I'm giving away personal history 😮. Rather, my goal is not to burden my two kids when I'm gone!
  14. @allie.grimmer271: My partner and I live in apartments and the desk  that he uses  the one drawer is a mess and I want pretty much empty maybe two items in the drawer and that it I have already cleaned and organized and decluttered the rest of the apartment but that drawer stresses me out  how to fix it
  15. @flowerpower3618: Just a tip for more views.   If you can repost and use the term husband. I don’t know if you can post more than once or how it you tube works but it took me a while to find this video.  I never use the term partner because I’m older and have a traditional marriage . I hope you accept this advice offered without judgement . Thank you for these tips.
  16. @paulasaleny1060: I will stick with the preppers, they will not be scrambling when things go crazy like weather, war (ukraine), bad government, BE PREPARED! People with empty houses can not HELP others.
  17. @koko137591: 🖐🏼🙂

- How To Get Your Partner To Be a Minimalist: Kind: captions Language: en Of all the questions I get asked about minimalism, the most common by far is this: "How do I get my partner, or my spouse on board with minimalism?" ♪ Well, there are no easy answers to this question. However, there are three things that I think we can do to help get our spouses on board with owning less, and they involve the right words, at the right time, with the right attitude. First of all, we use the right words. I find that so many conversations about stuff, and clutter, and possessions, occur when we are frustrated. We can't find something in the house, the closet doesn't shut, we can't park in the garage, the credit card statement shows up and we open it up. And out of frustration, we get upset, and we say something like, "Ugh, I'm just tired of all your stuff around here all the time!" That is not the right way to have this conversation. Go out for coffee, have a nice dinner, have a rational, thoughtful conversation about what is most important to us as a family, what do we want to accomplish with our family, what would we do if we had more money and time and energy? And start making the case for owning less in a rational way. Also think through, what might draw them to owning less? The benefits of owning less that draw you to the lifestyle might be different than what would resonate most with them. So start with the right words. The second thing is to do this at the right time. Look, it is always easier to see everyone else's clutter than it is to see our own. But if you're going to start your minimizing journey by getting rid of all of your spouse's stuff first, I would warn you against it. That's a big mistake. Much like I said in the video when talking about getting rid of kid's things first, it's actually very unfair. We need to get rid of own things first. Handle your side of the closet, handle your garage, handle your side of the office, your kitchen, your arts and crafts room, your basement, whatever it might be. Get rid of your things first, and then, when the time is right, start talking to them about shared spaces, and minimizing some of their possessions. So we use the right words, we approach this at the right time, and third, with the right attitude. Always, always, motivated out of love. That we're doing this to better our family, to better our relationship. So approach it with love, approach it with humility, that you're not a perfect person either. That just because you are being challenged to own less and improve yourself in that way, doesn't mean that your spouse or partner isn't growing in some other way, and changing for the positive in some other fashion in their life. So we approach it with love and humility, and third, patience. We approach this conversation with patience. I was once speaking at an event in Dallas where I had a lady stand up in the front row and she said to me, "Look, I have been trying for five years to get my husband on board with minimalism. I've been modeling it, I've been living as an example." She said, "Just last week, he came to me and he said, 'You know that minimalism thing you've been talking about? I think I'm finally starting to understand why you do it.'" I think her story is important because, number one, I do believe that minimalism wins out in the end. That the benefits of owning less eventually win out at some point. But second of all, this doesn't always happen overnight. Sometimes it takes more than a week, or three months, or even three years, for her it took five years of living this out before her spouse understood the reasoning behind it. So as you seek to get your spouse on board with minimalism, no it's not always easy. But know that when we approach it with the right words, at the right time, with the right attitude, we'll be far more successful. But we lead by example, we model minimalism, we enjoy the benefits in our own life. We enjoy the benefits that half-minimalism brings to the family, and eventually, our spouses will come on board, and will be in with you on the journey to own less and live more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @judygauchier668 [2 likes]: Royal blue is a great colour for you
  2. @prachi3919 [2 likes]: Nice video👍
U nd ur wife just look awesome couple
  3. @cdi3031 [1 likes]: What if your partner is never ready?
  4. @Sam-2649 [1 likes]: THAT BLUE SHIRT LOOKS GREAT ON YOU!!!!!!!!!! 💙
  5. @theayegerlehner7793 [1 likes]: I’ve adapted “no knead” bread recipes. This hurt my husband’s feelings because he had bought me a nice Kitchen Aide mixer to do the job.
  6. @zoilacruz1843 [1 likes]: 😂 that’s me, I say things when I get frustrated with all the stuff
  7. @rianajansevanrensburg2444 [1 likes]: Very good video Thank you. And I love the blue shirt on you. I only found your channel this week and I have been watching your videos as much as I can. Thank you for making them short and meaningful and helpful. I mentioned some things to my husband and I could see his guard going up so I like your advise about sorting your own stuff out first. Thank you for sharing your life an journey and beautiful family. I life in South Africa and wars married to a minister for 16 years. 10 of which was in active ministry. Great what you are doing with your life in helping so many people.
  8. @jayashreeputhran8496 [1 likes]: Ur smile is so cute
  9. @jbercar [1 likes]: my husband keeps clothes that dont fit or dont even use.... i wish i could get rid of them.. but he cant, he cant let go of them...  i can easily get rid of things...  i already did...  i wish he could.. our place wouldnt look to crowded...    is small and crowded 😖😩😩😩
  10. @jaypeelulunan7839 [1 likes]: It's easy! I will simply get the link of this video and forward to my wife.
  11. @JoshuaBecker: Hey guys! Just wanted to let you know that my new book, Things That Matter, is finally here. I put my heart into it, and I can’t wait to share it with you. You can pick up a copy at https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/676394/things-that-matter-by-joshua-becker/
  12. @overcomer4226: My husband grew up VERY POOR.  Getting rid of things triggers that poverty feeling for him.  😪
  13. @Jen-i7i: Thank you my husband and my friends embrace minimalism start when we watch your blogs. God bless you and your family for sharing your knowledge about living minimalism we save a lot of space and money. Thank you again
  14. @janie3904: Don’t get rid of your spouse’s stuff first made me laugh out loud!!😂
  15. @nancykmet4164: Thank You , Joshua.
  16. @ash25oct: Very true! I am a minimalist and happy to see the benefits. Trying to pull my husband now. Hope to succeed
  17. @zoilacruz1843: I am waiting for that day 🙏
  18. @HomemadeHarmony2712: Completely off topic but I was so surprised to see you in such a nice shade of blue t-shirt, so used to seeing you wear black t-shirts in these videos
  19. @rebeccawhite9379: You look great in blue as well as black of course.
  20. @lisa-mariegray5510: I'm using love AND bribery, ha ha😄 We're moving and buying all new stuff. I did a deal with hubby that if I choose all the furniture , cushions, dishes etc, he can buy all the new electronic things we need such as a big screen TV, a printer and new computers. He's very into electronics and very good at getting the best deals: He loves that kind of stuff. So, we work as a team and play to our respective strengths! Win win!

- Living with a Non-Minimalist: Kind: captions Language: en people ask me all the time how do you as a minimalist live with somebody who isn't a minimalist and it's a really tough question to answer but it's an important one and for me personally it all starts with timing I wait until Natalie falls asleep and I cover her ears with noise cancelling headphones and play a minimalist mixtape that I created it's a collection of soothing voice overs minimalist poetry and Eddie Vedder soundtrack - into the wild minimalist mixtape Volume one less is more also make Matt more sandwiches [Music] what's the deal with the bag of clothes Oh something came over me I decided to get rid of a couple of things wow that's amazing that minimalism is starting to hungry I made a sandwich so that's obviously one way to do it outside now so we're making a video right now about how to live with a non minimalist is that gonna be a good transit it's gonna be terrible yeah give me the clap and action so the question is how do you make it work how does a minimalist and a non minimalist live together and I've brought a real-life non minimalist on to the channel you didn't really know what minimalism was when we started oh yeah I thought it was a cult yeah it actually is and taking our memberships this year yeah I definitely thought you were a little bit strange but I knew that I'd met I mean I met Matt on tinder so I was like ooh everyone has been living in New York everyone has their weird quirks so I'm like I guess his a minimalist because I wouldn't tell a possum I guess I can and you did I think like the thing is it can be challenging no any relationship is gonna have its challenges and the whole idea of minimalism is to look past the stuff yeah and I think like for us our biggest challenge was when we moved in together you know for the first year of our relationship we weren't living together and that was actually quite easy to get through because that would just mean me coming over to your place with one bag of stuff or you coming over to mine with one t-shirt the same day the walk of shame but when we moved in together that was kind of like a true test yeah there was like some growing pains of just learning to live with each other yeah I think actually the biggest thing like say like with the actual stuff in our apartment we're both very respectful of each other's opinions and taste when we're buying big purchases when we're buying like this couch behind us or a coffee table or the bed or whatever it is it's not like one of us just goes out and buys it without telling the other person it was the occasion when Matt had to actually return a rug that he'd bought because I thought it looked so heinous I might have eaten oh yeah because it's actually I think it's for my office so I was like oh I'm just gonna buy it and then I'll get it and then I see your office is in our everyday loophole but apparently but no but then that's how I've returned it and then we you know found a rug that worked well that we both liked it actually takes a lot more time shopping shot like we spend quite a bit of time you know trips to Ikea were draining trips to West Elm or wherever else we got our furniture it took a while the biggest thing I became conscious about when I was moving in with you was that I had gotten very used to being an extremely messy person like if you if you visited my bedroom before we moved in together there was just like stacks of clothes and shoes just strewn around in every corner I didn't even have like a makeup like a designated area like the makeup designated area was on the floor in the corner where I would just lie on the floor in the morning and put my makeup on it yeah you're a mess oh yeah and like that was its corner like it lived there yeah um so I had to kind of be more conscious about how I was kind of being tidy um in a place that we both lived in I out the trick that I realized was I didn't actually have to be tidy like I didn't have to change who I was I just needed to create this illusion that I was a tidy person so I just need to like shove all my clothes right into like a drawer or a cabinet and then just quickly close it and pray to God that Matt would never evidently be buried in an avalanche of like the latest zara collection right and that was fine that was fine with me because i feel like i'm as long as like i'm walking through the apartment and i'm tripping over clothes or tripping over stuff I'm happy yeah but you you usually do trip over my camera gear yeah maybe that's the balance right is that I have a lot of camera gear she has a lot of clothes we each have our own values in terms of what we enjoy and what we spend our time with yeah and I think that like from day one you've never tried to tell me how much great on my life could be true minimalism except for that time I tried to brainwash you but when the beginning of the video oh yeah hi guys I was actually living in you turned a brainwashing yeah you've never tried to like change me or try to really like coax me to be you know a part of minimalism you've just allowed me to be Who I am and you shared with me it's like you felt like a little bit burdened by the clutter then I'm more aware of that and as someone who cares about you I'll try and like accommodate for that without changing Who I am or what I like to do or like what I like to wear or you know what I like to be around um but I do have to say in you know we've been together now for over three years and then spending a lot of time with you I've found myself adopting like accidentally adopting minimalist principles not quite practices yeah but even when we first started dating and you were very mindful about putting your phone away when you're spending time with me like that was such a foreign concept to me like why would you ever put your phone away like what if you got a notification you'd want to look at it straight away obviously why would you put your phone away but because we were dating then and I didn't want to like offend you or um be being a position that made you feel uncomfortable made it feel like I wasn't valuing your time I would start doing the same thing and over time that's really helped me like I've you know I've been able to exercise more control but putting my phone away and it really I think helps enhance our relationships I think you kind of we both rub off on each other a little bit I think the one thing when it comes to like you going out and buying stuff yesterday you just came home you got new sunglasses they look awesome you got what else did you get you got a couple shirts this shirt I got two other shirts yeah I did I did good she did a good job in the shopping run but like I don't like shun you or I don't I don't you know look down on you for that I kind of participate in that and I actually like I try to encourage you to purchase things when you're really excited about it like the Chrissy Teigen cookbook you like we're at the bookstore you're like oh my god I like so want this cookbook yeah that's probably the reason why there's like a little subtext but it was like you know like it seemed like you really would enjoy the book and your never helps I've never ever ever felt guilty for buying something even if it's like a silly frivolous pep like purchase that I was completely impulse I've never once been made to go guilty for that right oh you can return it no in summary if the question was how do you live with a non-member list I would advise that person to not try to change their partner really you just have to live by example like Matt's done a really good job with me and you'd hope that you have enough shared valleys and a shared respect more than anything else that I'll you know continues to build such a great relationship even though one's a minimalist and one's not a minimalist I think that it's juda shared respect for us that we've been able to like live together despite having you know perhaps different ways of life well said you agree yeah thanks for doing the video honey Oh am I gonna be famous I'm not gonna put that in the video I'm not saying I don't like PDA thanks for watching subscribe for more videos I make new content every week you have a question for NAT and I about our relationship we'd love to do a follow-up video giving you completely unqualified advice leave those in the comments if you want to see behind the scenes content from this shoot and others that I make on this channel head over to my Instagram it's at Matt geobella and finally do you like podcasts I've got one it's called the ground up show I interview newscasters filmmakers rappers and comedians to hear about their stories and how they made things happen go to ground up show calm for that thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @imsamiurrahman [1 likes]: Her accent is absolutely beautiful!
  2. @szymondudzinski6661 [1 likes]: This isn't just a video for minimalists, it's great dating advice in general. Awesome!
  3. @pinkroses135: Brainwashing 😂 

The beauty, in my opinion, is that when you get into going through your things and what you value other people can do what they want and you don't care so much because you're happy with where you're at. 

Minimalist or not I believe everyone should have at least one little nook in their homes for themselves. A nightstand, an office, a little coffee corner, whatever. Nobody is going to get along if everyone has zero boundaries.
  4. @Yuhitslivvv: Why did you tell her to make you a sandwich? Was that supposed to be a sexist “joke” or something?
  5. @abbieamavi: The skit was great 😂 thanks for the video, recently moved in with my girlfriend, and was having a mini breakdown while unpacking some of her boxes. She has stuff from high school, all I have is digital photos. It’s a talk we need to have before buying a house for sure. Thanks for the video :)
  6. @NinjaRunningWild: I'm a maximalist.
  7. @sandyrenteria7263: Make Matt sandwiches 🤣🤣
  8. @aq2139: Your guy's energy is so incredible ❤
  9. @kraziel: Living with a.. normal human being that's like 99.9% of the population, you mean.
  10. @taghdirisadegh: what's the name of your ending music for this clip?
  11. @DavidDavisDH: I think you and Gabe Bult have the same couch, I think he said he got his for free.
  12. @Gamefit28: Lol I love how she says cheeky like in bluey show lol
  13. @abdulansari7422: Thanks for information
  14. @cmh2025: I've been watching your videos as YT suggests them to me recently, so I just found out in the last one that you made the Minimalism documentary. My hubs and I watched that on New Year's Day 2017, and we immediately started downsizing. Being more mindful of our belongings has become a major part of who we are, and I'm so grateful for the catalyst, which was your video. Thank you!
  15. @crimsondiaries5407: Hilarious
  16. @nomad_3373: Real talk, I’d befriend Matt, just so that I could crash on his couch for a week and people watch the fuck out of them both. “Oh hey do t mind me, I’m just sitting here eating some Tostitos with guac watching you guys, pretend I don’t exist”.
  17. @kwzareba89: ok I get everything...seriously. but can you own one pair of jeans? like..you had them on you everyday, they didnt smell funky? you need to wash them...what do you wear? I thouth i was i aminimalist having a 3 pair of jeans...how.
  18. @CoryJu: "Less is more"
Documentary foreshadowing?
I see u matt
  19. @senseibas8199: Also make matt more sandwiches.. 🤣🤣🤣
  20. @anmolkaur6724: I love natalie in sweats tho but she’s such a mood ❤️

- Husband isn't Minimalist | Living With a Non Minimalist: Kind: captions Language: en hello brain welcome to today's video I go by the name of Shay on this channel and today's video is going to be about minimalism and living with a roommate or a partner that isn't too keen on the whole minimalism idea maybe they don't want to follow it maybe they're just not really interested or don't really care or maybe they're just really really against it so my situation my partner Dayton he does not want to declutter minimize any of his stuff he's not really passionate about simple living not really passionate about zero waste or being eco friendly I mean he's not like bad for the environment but he doesn't really care that much and I'm not to say that's not right and I'm not saying that anyone who's wrong for the way they think I'm not saying you need to be minimalist I'm not saying you should force anyone to come in the list I'm not even saying I want four-state in two minutes I was loved if he was passionate about the things that I'm passionate about but at the same time I'm not really passionate about the gym and jiu-jitsu like he is so I understand where it's coming from now I'm gonna chat a little bit about the struggles that come with it for me a lot of my medalist journey was because of my anxiety and my depression seeing clutter and mess really made me anxious and sad and it did not help when I was going through my depression it was adding on more and more and when I started decluttering and cleaning up my life living a simpler life and leading the journey to middle ism I was so much happier oppression went away my anxiety went down and I was just overall such a different person for me it's hard because I share a bedroom with my partner it's not as much as a roommate we actually share a bedroom behind the camera 20 nightly so I have my stuff he has his stuff and when I declutter I don't think it's right to just throw out his items because those are his Dayton purchased those with his money he has sentimental value to some of those items it's a whole other thing because I don't really have sentimental items the only thing I have sentimental is like Addison our daughters a few of her items but for myself I don't keep sentimental items for myself it's just something I choose not to do I don't really I didn't really have many sentimental items any means but Dayton loves to keep things I think she's kind of like how I used to be he thinks like oh it might need this one day and I'll show you a little bit of that in a moment here Dayton keeps so much so he has this drawer in her room with an Xbox that's broken it's been broken for about a year and a half now he doesn't want to throw it out but he doesn't want to seem to get it fixed so just sits in this drawer he that's all me sell it or give it away nope it just sits in this drawer along with that we have three Xbox games that he can't play we have these DVDs that he keeps that aren't even ours but he doesn't want to return it because he wants to watch it one day but we haven't watched it and it's just a movie that we could probably find on Netflix cool that was hard to say he keeps this binder from a class that he didn't pass a few years back that he used to retake so he has to get a new binder to take the class so he doesn't need to keep this binder for years until he takes the class I see where I'm going with this and his so for me it gets a little frustrating he keeps this first aid book where he can't find any of it online he just saw the book in the thrift store he thought it was super cool so he asked me to get it for him and this was a few years ago and I've been trying to kind of get rid of it but he wants me to keep it I've never ever seen him read it he doesn't look at it it's literally the drawer tucked away under everything but he won't let me get rid of it so I know it sounds silly because it could be like we'll just don't look in the drawer but if you are similar to me you know what I mean is you know it's there the door gets open sometimes when there's laundry on the floor it's different things that really really bother me and my anxiety comes back and it's not like Dayton doesn't care or he's not aware it's just not really something he's yourself and that's not the way he lives his life again I must respect his belongings and him and what he wishes to do with them and I totally understand that but it can be really frustrating and cause a lot of anxiety for myself what I have to kind of calm myself down so a few ways that you can deal with this you could chat with your partner and sit them down and explain or your roommate and let them know kind of the situation you could give them a few ideas so I've told Dayton my dream I would love to live in a tiny home or even for the summer just rent a trailer and go camping and kind of most fun things like living off the grid I love to live out of a suitcase and travel and sell our home and not have debt and just travel to Rome with our children and those are things Dayton is a passionate about and unfortunately I still want those things to myself I only have one life I would love to live it to its fullest with my dreams and goals and I don't think those dreams are too far-fetched either I mean I might have to modify a few of them maybe we won't sell our house or something but maybe wrench it out and go travel in the mean time but those are things he's not passionate about he does not want to do so I have to evaluate the situation I have to see how these things really important to me is there a way I can tweak it I want him to follow his dreams and I want to follow my dreams but where can we meet in the middle because obviously I care about him I love him he's my partner so that's a whole other thing where I have sat him down you need to see your partner down and just let them know kind of how you're feeling what you're thinking and how did they feel about it and I've tried a few times and some things Dayton has actually been like okay fine you can get rid of these other times he's like the books and the binders he won't get rid of so it really really depends on the situation for socks and underwear and keeps them even if they're holes and whatever I'm just like no I'm throwing these oh those are things that I will throw up because I just find him more from like Walmart so he doesn't care especially since I'm paying for them so but those really bummed me how he just keeps holes and all this clothing for so long now why I mean this video was because I know it can be a struggle if you're living with someone who isn't quite same mindset as you or same lifestyle and for me sometimes it actually caused Staton gets frustrated because he thinks like I'm gonna sell the bed he's like have you sold the bed yet because I just sell things and you clutter things I get rid of things and this is every single day every day pretty much Dayton comes home from his class and I'm decluttering something where I'm going through something every day even though I've gone through it last week I go through it again I always find something new to get rid of or something new to fix so I think it's a little bit frustrated I'm kind of just laughs it off but I can tell that he's kind of like what the heck is wrong with this girl um so you know it can be tricky unfortunately you can't force anyone to be you know how you want them to be I think my best advice is to chat with them explain to them your findings let them know the situation and see how they feel about it see if there's any compromises you can make it between and kind of work from there but that's kind of a struggle with having a partner that is not minimalist at all it's a lot of compromising I think for myself because like I was saying I get a lot of anxiety and stress when it is a cluttered mess stuff to compromise sometimes and touch something really hard for me but that's my best advice when having a partner that doesn't quite live the same lifestyle as you or understand less why hello again while editing this video I kind of realized it sounds like I'm I don't even know like bashing Dayton and insulting him and that is not what my intention is at all I love date and I have nothing negative to say about him or mean anything negative it's just Dayton doesn't mind when I declared the house so things like well he minds but I mean he doesn't do anything he doesn't care because I'm doing this the cooking the cleaning the laundry so if I want to get rid of some dishes I don't have to do as many dishes he's like yeah fair enough you're the one that does the dishes so when I'm saying that I'm declaring all this stuff it's not like I'm taking all of Dayton stuff and throwing it out I mean like I'm taking our high school household items that I bought like years ago in my old house and decluttering so there's less mess for me to clean up so that's what I mean Dayton doesn't really care about that but when it comes to his items it's when it gets a little crazy but those little items that I was saying I respectfully don't declutter because that's not my that's not my choice they're not my items it's not my belongings so I just wanted to touch on that because I love Dayton in no way am i bashing him and I support him so please I hope that came across better thanks have a great day bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MirandaandMatt [3 likes]: Ha this was really interesting! I love how honest you are. Leaving clothes on the floor gives me anxiety as well. A tiny home would be so cool!!
  2. @Heelsandholster [1 likes]: Lol I love how you discuss differences between you and your husband. We are like this when it comes to food- vegetarian and carnivore. But luckily we get along well with minimalism. I'm a new subscriber and fellow mama vlogger
  3. @7768-o5l: Ohhh😢 I try to persuade my husband to get rid of the unusful items and his ancient clothing ( he brought it from Ukraine when we moved to Canada). He doesn't want to listen me. I am so discouraged. He told me maybe one he would do it.
  4. @kc9364: I understand how you feel. I'm a minimalist with anxiety problems too and my boyfriend has so many "collector's items."

- "I'll regret this forever!" | The Press Find Anna - Notting Hill | RomComs: Kind: captions Language: en ugh [Applause] what what is it no really you're up to something i don't know oh my please and i got a picture of you dressed like that yes i'm dressed like this yeah morning darling wins it's me the press are here no there are hundreds of them my brilliant plan was not so brilliant i know i know i know uh just get over here um i wouldn't go outside why not just take my word for it oh oh how did i look not bad not at all bad well chosen briefs i'd say chicks love gray nice firm buttocks how are you doing how do you think i'm doing i don't know what happened oh i do your furry friend thought he'd make a buck or two telling the papers where i was that's not true really the entire british press got up this morning and thought i know where anna scott is she's in that house with a blue door in notting hill and then you go out in your goddamn underwear i went out in my goddamn underwear too get out i'm so sorry such an unbelievable mess i come to you to protect myself against more crabby gossip and now i've just landed it all over again i mean for god's sake i've got a boyfriend you have well as far as they're concerned i do yes and now tomorrow there'll be pictures of you and every newspaper from here to timbuktu i know that but just let's stay calm don't you stay calm right all right this is the perfect situation for you isn't it minimum input maximum publicity everywhere you go people say oh well done you you slept with that actress we saw the pictures that is spectacularly unfair that's yours who knows maybe leaving health business buy a boring book about egypt from the guy that screwed anna scott now stop stop stop i beg you calm down yeah have a cup of tea i want a goddamn cup of tea i just want to go home spike see who that is and put some clothes off a bunch of plates looks like a sure food to me expensive dinner or a holiday depending who's got the brains to get the going rate on the trail that is not true wait a minute this is crazy behavior hey can't we just laugh about all this seriously in a huge sweep of things this stuff doesn't matter what he's going to say next is people starving in the sudan well there are and we don't have to go anywhere near that far my best friend slipped she's slipped downstairs cracked her back and she's in a wheelchair for the rest of her life you know all i'm asking for is a normal amount of perspective you're right of course you're right it's just that i've dealt with this garbage for 10 years you've had it for 10 minutes our perspectives are very different i mean today's newspapers will be lining tomorrow's voice paper bit excuse me well you know it's just one day tomorrow today's papers will all have been thrown out you really don't get it this story will be filed every time anyone writes anything about me they'll dig up these photos newspapers last forever i'll regret this forever right i will feel the opposite if that's okay by you and uh always be glad that you came to stay you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wiljo9112 [18 likes]: I never understood why he did not prevent her from opening the door
  2. @DiamondBodyFoundation [12 likes]: She was so cruel to him
  3. @oldyellerschannel4676 [4 likes]: What an awful woman.  She crashes at his place, doesn’t even tell him she has a boyfriend…RUN.
  4. @caseous69 [2 likes]: Doesn’t matter that this movie is 20 years old - every time I see Otto Hightower scheme to steal the Iron Throne, all my mind sees is this scene. 😅
  5. @samsong24 [2 likes]: Sorry but Hugh Grant is gorgeous.
  6. @nimeshpatel9570 [2 likes]: To this day no one will ever know.
.

Why he stood in the doorway for so long.

Why did he not block her from opening the door.

Why she stood there for so long.

One of lifes eternal mysteries
  7. @sinhru [1 likes]: I would feel the opposite if that’s okay by you….that’s some love ❤❤
  8. @IamOpositive [1 likes]: My mind everytime I watch this scene: Should've stop her from opening the door.
  9. @elinapppe [1 likes]: Master the art of NOT CARING about what others think - I would suggest that to every person who has to deal with that toxic popularity - aka celebrities.
  10. @NicoleLoftus [1 likes]: My absolute favorite line is when the doorbell rings and Hugh Grant Will says to his flatmate Spike see who that is and put some clothes on for god’s sake
  11. @samsong24 [1 likes]: The script annoys me here with the parts at the door. They could have made Daniel make it clear that paparazzi were at the door and had other characters think he was fooling around....or at least him fumble with his words and get more frustrated. But maybe he was in shock and that's what they were going for? Ah well. I love this movie lol.
  12. @MsMsmak [1 likes]: It's a scene that's rather unbelievable.
  13. @jetuber: Was it ever determined who leaked the location of Anna as being in this house?
  14. @siddharthmohan9603: She says “newspapers last forever”. Well those words she said “I will regret this forever”, that will never be forgotten. That will have the same meaning no matter what. William did not deserve that.
  15. @AtharKaxmi: Just thinking about own just.. not fair..
  16. @JPNYCv1: “Stay Calm.” 🫣😳
  17. @abba95521a: He did tell her not to open the door.
  18. @dianapopal.: Anyone in 2025??
  19. @curcuntemplais: Fabulosa actuación
  20. @kricklin: I have some empathy for Anna in this scene.  I'm not saying that her outburst at Will is acceptable - far from it.  But ... Will is a Londoner and surely must know how brutal the tabloids can be, so I don't really understand why he did not - at all costs - prevent Anna from opening the door.

That said, both Anna and Will should have been much more careful ... 

Still, the scene does set them up for a couple of moving reunions and finally, togetherness and a happy ending.

- The deals the 'Shark Tank' sharks regret never taking: Part 2 | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en from Shark Tank talking about a lot of the big hits now it's time to talk about the companies that you missed the regret the regrets the things you wished you'd invested it always comes to this we wouldn't admit it do you not admit it when you miss out something Adit it you don't want to be a loser why cry over spilled milk when you know there's another great deal coming through the Shark Tank who's there one deal that should really hurt involved a company called doorbot a video doorbell system introducing the doorbot the first ever video doorbell built for the smartphone the Sharks went out one by one it's really not an internet play it's a consumer device I just don't think it's for me this company instead of being worth 7 million could be worth 80 million 90 million I just don't see that progression and for that reason I'm out but CEO Jamie simonov walked out of the tank and straight to the bank doorbot now renamed ring is reported to be valued at $460 million the most of any company to appear on Shark Tank over 100 million in sales uh over a th uh team members now in the company coming from where we were at in the garage this is the garage it's a two car it's a two-car office it has been a crazy I mean beyond crazy ride one of the quote unquote misses of Shark Tank was Copa deino and a miss I well this in in the sense that he made a huge oh I'll believe it when I see it groans from the Sharks because Copa deino and its owner James Martin is probably the most infamous entrepreneur ever to enter the tank America's first premium wine by the glass his product a single sered cup of wine was a hit with the sharks wow that's never been done in wine before and I grant him that was a good move I really like your patents his personality not so much you could feel the antipathy through the TV set guys oh yeah I mean it was you guys didn't like him but we didn't respect him either you guys all try to get into I'm in the wine business the problem with him he tried to sell me on a winery that is a bad business the first time and when the Sharks began to Circle why are we even in the wine business why aren't we licensing this to all the wineries Martin began to sweat he was sweating oh yeah that was that was the best part I'll buy 51% of it for $600,000 Martin rejected the offer angering all the sharks I am going to go buy a $1,000 bottle of wine tonight and I'm going to drink it because I'm weeping for the opportunity lost this was your moment you turn around it's gone but in a shark tank first Martin returned the following year this time uncorking some juicy sales figures we went from 600,000 in sales to 5 million in sales in one year I was was right we were building a brand and ready to rub the shark noses in it I'm back are you kidding me thought we kicked you to the curb James you're still dead to me I had a hate for Kevin o at a level that wasn't healthy at all and my opportunity to come back was also my chance to get the last word in and say look you blew it but I'm also gracious enough to give you a second chance with your investment we'll drink these together and we'll toast the millions we'll continue to roll in you've tortured me so long I'm going to put an off Route anyways the second time he came on he stood out there and he knew we all were interested and he was trying to be too cool too smart it's a million dooll bottle of wine he was up there thinking he's like he's the man instead of just taking the deal Martin kept taking sips of his wine playing koi it was it was a lot of money we were negotiating and he's like I'm going to take a sip and what did I do I'm out right I don't need you that much you screwed around you're playing games and there's nothing I hate more than playing games and you came in and created drama I'm I'm really out I mean you just came here to waste our time I think we all know the Sharks blew it and missed out on the biggest opportunity they ever had which was me but with Koba deino nobody regrets that you didn't get on that reget you imagine dealing with him on an ongoing basis he would ruin our lives our happy life to date Copa deino says it has sold 38 million cups of wine in places is ranging from convenience stores to Madison Square Garden reportedly earning $12 million a year cheers I didn't need the sharks they needed me the Sharks needed me they needed a really really successful brand that went everywhere and they didn't get it because they got greedy I think in the second one he forgot his place he is not the shark we're the Sharks and then there was the dating app coffee meets Bagel coffee meets Bagel is is here to profoundly change how people discover and fall in love the three Kang sisters came into the tank looking to find a match if I offered you $30 million for the company would you take [Music] it no we got so many emails from people like are you crazy you sisters are so crazy like what are you thinking what happens when you get turned down coffee meets Bagel $30 million offer no that was not no that that was that was a big offer somebody sensitive no no I'm that was a dumb deal for you to do okay so first of all thank goodness I stopped those sisters walked away no I sat there and I said hypothetically speaking right if I offered you $30 million right would you take it and then they went out and started doing interviews and telling everybody Mark Cuban offered them $30 million and we turned them down so yeah there was no I was there was no someone's e hurt over there mark your little fire yeah clearly Mark is over it one of the near misses for you Robert was boooks a flower delivery service that you passed on we all passed on it the books company disrupts the flower delivery system by selling directly to Consumers cutting layers of middlemen in the process its founder John tabis had a really hard time in the tank all the sharks seemed to hate the product it's a flower business I think it's a terrible name it is 6 days to delivery I'm out in my defense I think they did a bad job of doing the presentation and they had astronomical numbers they were doing 2 million a year and they said next year we'll be 12 and then we'll be 30 and we hate stuff like that we're like ah it'll never happen if I want to send flowers to your grave I have to wait 6 days and I think and I think you died here today I thought I did pretty well um you know I B+ brutal we did uh a million dollars two days ago in the day so we did in 24 hours more than we had done in the entire year leading up to the Shark Tank fast forward 3 years later I'm getting married and I get a quote for the flowers I'm like this is nuts how can flowers cost so much and I call him up I say John Robert from Shark Tank how can flowers cost so much he said come and see me I'll explain the flower business to you draws it out for me shows me what they're doing doing I'm like I love it so I took part of their last round we just raised $24 million so you did get in well then that's the one I regret not doing cuz that's the deal I would have loved you you that's one of your regrets and most importantly I saved a ton of money on my flowers well thank God for that

  Top Comments:
  1. @rainman42: Lets be clear. The creator of the wine glass was wrong. The sharks domt need ANYONE even the ring guy. They could all quit the show and live their lives just fine lmao...yes maybe ring is worth more than them, idk, but even so...sharks are doing just fine
  2. @francescosilvestri6709: 3:00 Copa Di Vino - I think the sharks got jealous that this guy came back a second time with millions in sales, and earnings of $12 million per year. Sharks, don't think so highly of yourselves.
  3. @TeW33zy: There is alot of information missing. The company had a lot of debt I believe $100M rebranding and another $75M dumped into the marketing which no shark will take a risk like that ever. That’s not a bad deal that’s a good pass. Do you realize what percentage of businesses that require $200M in investment to be worth $500M? It’s less than .006%. That’s an oddity
  4. @mikekillagreen9432: Jamie returning as a Shark after not getting a deal for Ring doorbell is so cool
  5. @mikekillagreen9432: Doorbot/Ring is not on Kevin. He is the only one who made an offer
  6. @jupiter9099: Doorbot/Ring: Jedi route

Copa di Vino: Sith route
  7. @HCL991: Hey, where are all the Barbara jokes here, I only found two. Those Barbara jokes are made me cry in tears laughing.
  8. @BLXZAZE88: not realy enjoy to watch this type of rich people spending..holding money to get more rich but at the end loosing it coz of lavish children lol
  9. @sorryitsmoops: Ring owes a lot of it's success to a $1 million dollar investment from Shaq (I think after he saw the episode)
  10. @delilahscott5753: Copa the Vino owner was very arroant.
  11. @AndySaenz924: Scrub Daddy should be #1 on here! They did $1 Billion in sales already!
  12. @terrellp22: nah they went by ring way too damn fast 😂, they should've went into depth more on why they passed, the people interviewing them should've grilled them more about it lol
  13. @vicglbowski9442: They’re rich af … what tf did they miss out on ??? 😂 😭
  14. @leonelmartinez2486: I really hate that gay wine guy
  15. @JohnYuFitness: Ring is pretty legendary.
  16. @RurallSoull: I love that Martin, Copa Davino guy. They were drooling and shaking with excitement to slurp His business.
  17. @jacobdarnell2188: I’m pretty sure just to be on the show they have to give up like 2% ownership. So he gave up 4% ownership just to be petty 😂
  18. @LordFinai: This show should really be called lice tank, since these guys are fucking parasites
  19. @JasrulAlkie: Mark cuban had 6.2 bil now💀😭
  20. @MaxTM_: Can't forget Spikeball. EVERYONE is playing it now.

- I Regret Not Buying Some of Carmy's Cookbooks He Has In His Epic Collection: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome to the channel and today we are going to be taking a quick look at carmi's cookbook collection from the hit show The Bear we're also going to be taking a look at my cookbook collection and also I have a quick little announcement as well so stick around till the very end also want to apologize because I have no idea what's going on with my rendering but you'll see what happens as the video continues as you're taking a look at my cookbook collection I just want to say that I have a lot of books that are great reading for any serious Chef home cook someone who just wants to improve their cooking skills or maybe someone who wants a cooking project over the weekend and um cookbooks are the way to go I'm not saying every cookbook is amazing but for me I tend to get little nuggets of information or Knowledge from even the worst books that I might have I'm gonna stop talking now and allow you to enjoy me going through my cookbooks [Music] thank you foreign thanks for watching and I really hope you enjoyed seeing karmia's cocoa collection and I also hope that you enjoyed looking over my collection as well the announcement that I have is that I am going to be starting a new series in which I review cookbooks cook recipes from the book and the first book that I'm going to be reviewing and cooking from is going to be at the first actual fine dining not necessarily the first but um an actual job that wasn't an internship I guess apprenticeship if you will but that cookbook is Beginnings by Chris costantino so this book has a ton of meaning and you'll find out why when I review it because I'm going to go into a lot more detail and my background and just the overall fun that I had working with Chris the team and at the restaurant so please like subscribe and also after this little segment here you will see the summer section of recipes from beginnings and I want you all to be involved in recipes that I review so please leave a comment on one of the recipes that you see and I will be giving this roughly two weeks and then whichever recipe gets the most votes is going to be one of maybe three or four recipes that I cook from this book and then review so thanks again

  Top Comments:
  1. @DarthWars [2 likes]: Mezcal collection looks on point!!
  2. @izaiahornelas8556 [1 likes]: Can you make spaghetti LOL
  3. @izabellaanastasi [1 likes]: Lobster!
  4. @DarthWars [1 likes]: I want to see something from “The Mexican cookbook” or the dumplings one
  5. @rawrsz [1 likes]: Lobster!
  6. @MezcalMaestro [1 likes]: That’s exciting! My pick is Land of Fruits & Nuts

- 10 Wardrobe Items I Regret Buying: Poor Menswear Choices (and Their Stories): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the Gentleman's Gazette. In today's video, we'll discuss ten things in my wardrobe that were regrettable purchases, why I bought them, and what I've learned since then. If you haven't seen Rafael's video&nbsp; on 20 things he regrets buying, I'd recommend taking a look. You'll probably learn some things not only about men's style but also about money management. Today's video covers similar ground for items I've purchased, whether that be individual garments or collections of things with one key difference from Rafael's video, I don't actually regret buying all of them. You'll see what I mean by this in a moment but to get things rolling, let's start with 6 things that I definitely do regret buying. First is clinical strength antiperspirant and antiperspirant in general. As I've mentioned elsewhere on the channel, I have a condition called Hyperhidrosis, which is marked by excessive perspiration. Sparing all of the details for the sake of modesty, what's important here is that over the years, I've tried numerous products to try to minimize perspiration across my body when it comes to my underarms. I used a clinical strength antiperspirant for many years but because my perspiration was so persistent, all I would end up with was an unpleasant sludge under my arms after usually just a few hours. Also because aluminum is a key ingredient in many antiperspirants serving to block the pores, it can corrode over time and this more than bacteria or the sweat itself is the thing that chiefly causes underarm stains on shirts; and with all the aluminum that was in that antiperspirant, there was even a time or two that I set off an airport metal detector. I'm not kidding. About two years ago, I decided that if these antiperspirants weren't doing a good job of stopping my sweating, and if they were causing these inconveniences besides, I might as well stop fighting the root cause. Since then I've switched to non-antiperspirant deodorant and while I do still sweat quite a bit and may seek other medical solutions in the future for it, I have found that not using antiperspirant to fight my underarm sweating has left me feeling better overall. Next up is two-in-one shampoo and conditioner as we've previously mentioned in our video on 15 healthy hair tips which you can find here, There are a number of reasons not to buy combination shampoo conditioners. For a start, shampoo is something that can actually do more harm than good to your hair if used improperly. Cheap shampoo, though it is economical, is often full of ingredients that are collectively known as sulfates. While these detergents can help to make the product sudsy, they also deprive your hair of its natural oils, leaving it looking dry and brittle. To avoid these effects, you can look for a low sulfate or sulfate-free shampoo which cleans without removing the oil completely. Second and perhaps more importantly, You actually don't need to use shampoo every time you shower. Constant shampooing even with sulfate-free products can strip your scalp of natural oils and will definitely dry out your hair even if it's already somewhat dry, to begin with. Therefore most barbers and stylists will recommend that while you should rinse your hair every time you shower, you should only use shampoo one to two times a week. What you should use more often and even daily then is conditioner, which helps to protect and moisturize your hair. All that to say these combinations or two-in-one products are essentially making each of their components these shampoo and conditioner less effective on both fronts, and it goes without saying here for any of those three-in-one combination products that also include body wash, stay away. I used a two-in-one product for years but since switching to separate shampoo and conditioner about a year ago, I've noticed that my hair feels noticeably healthier. I only shampoo about once or twice a week, usually following whenever I've used a hair product. I haven't written off liquid products entirely and switched to bar soap as Raphael has, but it may be something to consider in the future. My next regrettable purchase is this grey suit. I purchased the suit I'm wearing in today's video seven years ago at the age of 18, and it was my first true suit. More on what I mean by that, later. The trousers came unfinished so having to go to an alterations tailor to get them hemmed made me feel like I was getting the suit to fit just right. Little did I know at the time though that there are actually many more facets to getting a suit to fit you well. Yes, the construction and materials of this suit are also quite cheap which made for a low price point that was attractive to a cash-strapped student like myself but as we've said many times before, cheap materials are secondary to a proper fit. But of course, I readily admit that this suit is far from properly fitting on me. The jacket is much too big in the torso for one thing, so it looks like I'm practically swimming in fabric. The trouser legs are also too wide for my build, but because the fabric is light, there isn't any attractive drape to them, just ugly wrinkling. I could go on but suffice to say that this suit definitely doesn't meet our fit criteria. I probably could try to have it tailored further to get it to fit better, but I think a better choice would be just to find a suit that fits better from the outset and is of a bit higher quality. So, stay tuned for that in the future. Where did I get this suit, you asked? The answer is the now ever-present force in so many of our lives -- amazon.com And that brings me to my next pick for today which is several of the other garments I've bought or tried to buy from that website. From a sport coat that was too boxy on me and of low quality to trousers that were far too baggy, (sensing a pattern here?) also too cheap ties, I've realized especially since joining the Gentleman's Gazette that buying clothing sight unseen from a cheap, mass-market retailer instead of a dedicated menswear outlet, means you do get what you pay for, which is usually disappointing results. Speaking of ties, the next item on the list is my overly shiny, satin silk or synthetic ties in my wardrobe. Some of these were purchased from Amazon, such as the bow tie I'm wearing here today and others were purchased in person from stores, but the common denominator here is that they're blindingly shiny finish, and often bright loud colors make them look like cheap, low-quality ties almost immediately. They were at least tolerable for a young man just getting into menswear, but since learning about the hallmarks of a quality tie, especially like those from Fort Belvedere, these shiny ties don't see much use for me anymore, outside perhaps of a Halloween costume. Similarly cheap and low-quality dress shoes are my next item here. Before joining the Gentleman's Gazette, I've viewed dress shoes in a way that's similar to many men out there which is to say that in today's fast fashion, society shoes should be purchased for a reasonable price of around $100 or so, worn until the materials wear out and then thrown away and replaced. Some examples would include the pair of loafers you're seeing here and the Darby shoes I'm wearing in today's video. The truth about men's dress shoes though is that if you're willing to spend a bit more at the outset, say something in the two to four hundred dollar range you're going to be able to find shoes that are made of higher quality materials and with better construction. Take for example, the Park Avenue from Allen Edmonds. For a sticker price of $395 but often on sale for less, you'll be getting a shoe made from quality leather in both the upper and the sole, rather than a cheap shoe with a cheap leather upper, and the sole made from rubber plastic or particleboard. And also, of note here is that shoes with a Goodyear welt or a blake stitch can be re-soled by a cobbler. So, if you maintain the upper properly, they can be worn for years, if not, decades. Meanwhile, these cheap shoes had their heel blocks worn down in around a year's time and because the soles are just glued on rather than stitched, they can't reasonably be repaired. In addition, the cheap leather uppers are showing discoloration in an unattractive way and because the shoes are slightly too big on me to begin with, they're also wrinkling unattractively. So, those are the six things that I truly regret buying. Next up are four things that I could regret but don't, at least not entirely. The next four picks that round out my list today are things that could be considered regrettable but for one reason or another, I'm still glad that I bought them. First up is my fairly extensive collection of Charles Tyrwhitt shirts, such as the light blue one I'm wearing in today's video. Why would these be considered regrettable? Well, in one word, the answer is fit. All of these shirts are much too big on me in both the torso and the arms. Because they were my first foray into online made-to-measure, I selected slim-fit not knowing that for someone as light and thin as I am, this would still be much too big on my frame. Also, I started collecting these shirts before joining the Gentleman's Gazette, so I didn't have a complete picture of how a dress shirt should actually fit. Why don't I regret buying them then? Well as I said they were my first experience with made-to-measure and I appreciated going through the process and having something that was made for me, even if they aren't true bespoke. Furthermore, I now most often wear them underneath jackets or sweaters, so their too large fit is somewhat obscured, and therefore they still work for me for the time being as I look toward the future to upgrade my shirt wardrobe. And as I've mentioned before, I do still get plenty of compliments on them as well. Finally here learning that something doesn't fit well on you is still learning. Style should be an ever-evolving journey and these shirts have played an important part in mine. Also, the difference between these and something like my gray suit is that while I can find ways to still make the shirts look reasonably good, the fit of this suit is immediately apparent, so it's really a no-go for me at this point in time. Speaking of which you'll recall that toward the beginning of the video, I mentioned that my gray suit was the first true suit that I owned. This is because the first suit that I had wasn't really a suit at all. What do I mean by this? In high school, I participated in Forensics which is to say Speech and Debate teams. At least at that time, the standard uniform for men was a black suit. Being young, inexperienced in the ways of menswear, and on a budget, I simply picked up a black jacket from a department store and paired it with a pair of black trousers that I'd already had for years. Fortunately, the dyes and weaves of the two garments were similar enough, that to the casual observer, they actually did appear to match. But as we've discussed numerous other times on the channel, a suit is made from a jacket and trousers as well as an optional waistcoat that are all cut from the same fabric. As with the gray suit, the black jacket was much too baggy on me. Why don't I regret this ensemble then? The answer is because it made me feel confident and in control, as a suit ideally should. It wasn't strictly correct by the guidelines of menswear, but it was for me a suit of armor that helped me feel more comfortable giving speeches in front of people, something with which I had struggled earlier in childhood. In fact, if I hadn't joined these Speech and Debate teams in high school, I probably wouldn't have been confident enough to eventually find my way to on-camera speaking, or joining the Gentleman's Gazette. I'm not saying that this black suit was directly responsible for this, but it did probably play a small part. Another black item next, the black wool felt Fedora you're seeing here. Around the same time as my purchase of my black suit, I was a teenager just getting into the world of menswear. I really didn't know much about fit yet, that of course would take a while, but I knew that I wanted a hat to go with my suit as such. I found a black wool felt Fedora online. Now, it wasn't a cheap trilby bought from Target, which were quite popular around 2011 or so, but in fact a genuine Fedora purchased from a hatter and while it was pretty soft in construction, black wasn't a flattering or versatile color for me and the brim was too wide for my face, this hat did still give me confidence. I wore it often with that black suit in high school and even with non-matching outerwear for my first few years of college. Once I started looking around for vintage Fedoras on eBay and in secondhand stores, however, I started building up my current collection and this hat stayed on the rack. As you can see though, I still haven't gotten rid of the old hat yet, because it holds a special place in my wardrobe. And who knows, maybe for ultra-casual outfits or doing things outdoors where I'd still like to be wearing a traditional hat, and black works in my wardrobe, it could still have a place. To round out my list today, I've got one more cheap black item, a pre-tied bow tie. As regular viewers are no doubt aware, we here at the Gentleman's Gazette recommend that a man learn to tie his own bowtie whenever possible. A pre-tied bow tie is cold and sterile in its perfection and it immediately gives off a juvenile, unprofessional look. But in fairness, I first purchased a pre-tied bow tie at the age of 15, when I was still a juvenile and a non-professional. I needed it for a makeshift tuxedo of sorts, so I wore it along with a borrowed black jacket and those trusty black trousers, to serve as master of ceremonies for a school concert in the spring of 2009. My lack of regret for purchasing this bowtie comes from the fact that it did make me feel confident in front of a crowd honing my skills as a presenter for really the first time, even before later joining the speech team. There's my list for today then. Six items I can honestly say I do regret buying, and for that while objectively regrettable, have played an important part in my own style journey. Your takeaway from today's video then can hopefully be this: While abiding by the traditional guidelines of classic menswear is a surefire way to get yourself to a stylish wardrobe, don't be afraid of experimenting when you're first starting out in that world no matter how old you may be. We can all learn through trial and error with the ultimate goal of becoming more stylish. In today's video as you've probably noticed, I'm wearing several of the items that were featured on my list today. Chief among them is this grey suit which as I said fits pretty poorly, it's a fairly standard model with two buttons, notched lapels, flapped pockets, and side vents the trousers are uncuffed and you can see how they flop around because of the thin fabric. I'm also wearing a plain light blue shirt from Charles Tyrwhitt, and one of my cheap, overly shiny bow ties. You can see how much the ends have been fraying over time. My other regrettable item today is, of course, my cheap tan Darby shoes, which feature some broguing as well. What about my outfit don't I regret then? Well as you might have guessed, it's all of the Fort Belvedere accessories I'm currently sporting. These would include my cufflinks, which are our platinum-plated sterling silver eagle claw designs featuring Lapis Lazuli as the stone, and my shadow striped socks which today are in navy and royal blue. The boutonniere is in a prototype design in a blue color and the pocket square is our light blue linen model featuring a blue hand-rolled&nbsp; X-stitch. You can find all of these accessories in the Fort Belvedere shop, with the exception of this specific boutonniere, though we do of course have a wide array of other attractive models to choose from.

  Top Comments:
  1. @henrikbunkenborg6743 [1 likes]: Preston is a real guy, feeling confident in his role as a man. I salute you.
  2. @henrikbunkenborg6743 [1 likes]: I like this, because all of us are making wardrobe mistakes.
  3. @williamarthur4801 [1 likes]: I can't believe anyone would buy a suit from THAT place.
  4. @dubya13207 [1 likes]: as a former Speech/Forensics judge (slash team-dad)...i'm not at all surprised to find out that part of your history, lol. in fact, you could have been one of my kids, based on the timeline you laid out!
  5. @TomTobin67 [1 likes]: Hey Preston, I use the Dr Squach stuff. Say what you want about it but they are organically made and it works well for me.
  6. @shamelesscareofficial [1 likes]: Preston is a NATIONAL TREASURE!
  7. @luisgrasso944 [1 likes]: Entonces tenes cosas para tirar, por ej ese covatin desilachado etc.. Asi te haces más espacio para la ropa.
  8. @peterhess2610 [1 likes]: 74-dark jeans, sport jackets, button down shirts, boots and shoes from Thursday Boots,pocket squares, vests with pocket watches, Creed parfum and excellent hygiene. Trips to the dentist every 4 months, good diet and light exercise.  The only thing on this list I splurge on is the Creed. Thursday’s has ‘seconds’ for sale that are excellent. I get my jackets at Kohl’s and Macy’s. No need for ultra expensive items. After all, how much time do I have left.
  9. @SMarcey: YOU CAN FIND CHEAP ALLEN EDMONDS ONLINE ALL DAY IF YOU BUY SECOND HAND. I PAID NO MORE THAN 50 DOLLARS PER PAIR AND GOT 3 PAIRS FOR LESS THAN HALF THE PRICE OF 1 BRAND NEW. NEVER BUY GOOD STUFF NEW UNLESS YOUR RICH
  10. @CriticalShot1: Dude has such a crisp, clean look
  11. @PhilipJSmithNov1990: I have some regrets, though I didn't wear a suit, a well jacket and trousers until I was 18 for the school prom. Such items, which I now regret, are polyester ties 2 of which are falling apart; polyester pocket square, which looks cheap and cheap-looking dress shirts. My shoes look cheap, though a pair lasted up to 13 years and the replacement pair probably looks cheaply made but it may last long as I wear these once a year. I have cheap suits which contain polyester but I may purchase wool and viscose or silk lining and a shirt which requires cuff-links I have a crochet poppy lappel pin I wear it is a boutonnière and have a tie clip as well as belts. From amazon I purchased silk tie and bow ties and pocket square and 1 linen pocket square
  12. @AstroNova881Gaming: how about the 13 in 1 shampoo
  13. @Polishboi123: 9:00 I need rubber soles because of my cold weather the salt on sidewalks can ruin the leather which would be a problem for me
  14. @JustsomerandomnNebraskan11: Arait boots have the same problem with the soles. Cheap but not good quality.
  15. @russellthechemist8291: Charles Tyrwhitt slim fit, fits me with ample room and I'm fairly heavily muscled. I think they are aimed at the more mature, fuller figured men.
  16. @russellthechemist8291: Anti-perspirant that sets off airport alarms 😂
  17. @scorchiceshine: lad you are great, i can't help but appreciate you sharing your experiences and journey.
I'm 19, with a compromised frame and some lack of social confidence and I've never known how to dress, but noticed that choosing a button-up over a hoodie always makes me feel more worthy. So I had enough and started researching the theme. Your personal struggle is invaluable and inspiring, I hope you're having a great day🔥
  18. @yeah1326: The pants were not "baggy" they were full cut and it fits on everybody
  19. @HarooEngrish: 15:11 I also have a pretied bowtie,i actually have 2,both we're gifts for me and i don't i will replace them in the future
  20. @bloguerista: Preston's Da Man!❤

- How to Avoid Impulse Spending When You Have ADHD: Kind: captions Language: en hello brains so you want to buy a thing only you totally didn't know that until you saw the thing it is a shiny thing oh my god I want the thing I'm buying the thing so impose spending is a thing which is probably why product like this even exist is giving it distracting everyone makes impulse purchases sometimes but for those of us with ADHD impulse spending can completely derail our financial well-being so I teamed up with Rena five a company that's dedicated to helping ADHD years not spend money they don't have to find out how to avoid complete financial ruin turns out there are a few risk factors to be aware of when it comes to impulse bending being impulsive check the holidays check also being overwhelmed depressed stressed overtired feeling a sense of social obligation check check check check check oh God according to nerd wallet almost half of Americans say that emotions cause them to spend more than they can reasonably afford with stress excitement and sadness being the top emotions associated with overspending for ADHD brains that number is a lot higher we might think managing our finances is about managing our bank accounts but really it's about managing our emotions slowing down long enough to check in with ourselves or our budget or a buddy before we buy awesome cool stuff like what's available right now in our Spreadshirt holiday store wait watch the rest of the video first then go look avoiding emotional spending can be pretty difficult but luckily ratified mate is this awesome ADHD the holiday Survival Guide it's free it's pretty and there's a link to it in the description but I wanted to go over a few tips from it now one make a holiday budget a lot of the time the reason we impulsively spend money is because we think we can afford to I saved up a thousand dollars for the holidays I can spend a thousand dollars on presents but as Rena PHY points out it's not just the gifting budget we have to worry about many of us rarely think about things like Christmas cards and dinner parties the quality outfits and crafts with the kids making and checking in with a budget can help us see what we can actually afford once all of our expenses are taken into consideration but before we get scared by these numbers and decide to save money by hand making all of our presents - DIY responsibly ADHD years tend to be creative enthusiastic and the bit time blind so it's really easy for us to over commit to DIY projects if a project is way outside our existing skill set or requires a lot of supplies that we can't really afford or if it just feels overwhelming this may not be the time to try it once you consider how much your time is worth and money from materials DIY is not necessarily cheaper I speak from personal experience here creative free gifting on the other hand or making things we do have the time and supplies to make can be great another option they suggest is to brainstorm a list of our talents and strengths and then assign a gift to somebody based on what they would enjoy that we would easily be able to provide like a baking day where you bake grandma's cookies but again careful not to over commit it's great to get creative with presents let's use some of that creativity to make DIY doable finally 3 be where the impulse Monster when you're ready to shop make sure your basic needs are met just like it's not a good idea to go grocery shopping on an empty stomach you don't wanna go holiday shopping when you haven't slept or taking your meds or whatever your self-care is make sure you've done it then if you're still tempted to spend money you didn't intend to check in with yourself why am I here at the store how do I feel do I need this do they need this what happens if I wait to buy how will I pay for it where will I put it if you're shopping online consider leaving something in your cart or on a wish list for 24 hours just to make sure you actually want to buy it for large purchases maybe check in with a friend or your partner first basically find ways to slow down and then have fun we don't have to be perfectly financially responsible and it's probably unreasonable to expect ourselves to be we still have ADHD we're still impulsive we're still gonna be generous sometimes when we maybe can't afford to be but we know it's a present that loved but taking the time to check in with something before we buy can help us make the financial decisions we want to make not the ones the advertisers do because you know they're good at their job it's totally possible you and I will totally forget everything rent if I just taught us the first time we hear a jingle urging us to buy something we definitely suddenly can't live without so I wrote a jingle of my own em buying things better when you know with cash you want to spend don't let the impulse monster win before you check out check in again in sing it with me this time so we actually remember it fine things better when you know with cash you want to spend you check out check in that's it for this episode hope you found these tips helpful check out the holiday financial workbook in the description below and check out ratify calm for more info on how to manage your finances when you have ADHD yeah you made it through the video you can go check out our shop now just remember before you check out check in thank you to my brain board and all my patreon brains for giving me the best gift ever the ability to do what I love like subscribe jingle the bell and I will see you next video bye means fine things better when you know with cash you want to spend you check out check in [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @horriblemurky6226 [687 likes]: I saw a violin piece I liked and I own a violin now. There should be a plugin that forces you to answer the questions in the video before it allows you to buy something.
  2. @mixedlagoona9566 [6 likes]: Sometimes instead of spending money, I check out library books. It gives me a buzz but it’s free and I get to read something without having to commit to it taking up space !
  3. @daniel.shalome [2 likes]: Youre the sweetest!
  4. @MoshPitGamer [1 likes]: the links no longer working 💔
  5. @lightfangshadowwolf [1 likes]: Link said page not found 404
  6. @Allen2-z8x [1 likes]: Don't make mistakes
  7. @haphaz7ard [1 likes]: I impulse bought the how to adhd book while watching this video 😅
  8. @Neku628 [1 likes]: We are so much like crows and how they go after shiny things.
  9. @VicodinElmo [1 likes]: Has anyone found that medication helps to reduce their spending
  10. @alikittie: One of the many “gifts” this disease has given me
  11. @jasmineashleh3663: ❤
  12. @ArletSoExtra: I love the jingle 🥰
  13. @katybileto4382: Impluse buying is the hardest part of adhd for me. I see something i like and i have to have it, i also love the dopamine hit. Does anyone have any adhd money saving hacks? I drained my savings account due to impulse shopping a few years ago and am trying to rebuild it. And trying to tell myself it's for emergencies only.
  14. @wyattandwill12: I maxed out a $3500 and a $2000 credit card in summer 2021 (almost 4.5 years ago) and I still owe about $2500 and $750 respectively. If I didn’t close them at Dave Ramsey’s recommendation they’d probably still be maxed out and so I’m trying to get back on the horse again. It’s hard to balance both diet and finances and doing them well because each coping mechanisms. Don’t even get my started on my addiction (nothing illegal) that I’ve probably spent a whole cheap new car on in the past 5 years
  15. @sepdaaal: hmmm adhd is watching this video and reading the comments at same time i guess
  16. @SantaFe19484: I really struggle with impulse spending.
  17. @leroyheavix: Buy now pay later is killer for my afhd brain......
  18. @vwnewbeetle: two of my greatest tips is if you were going to spend the money and decided against it, put it into savings. doesn't matter if an item is 20$ or 3$, save it. you've already made the room in ur budget for it, it's already gone. save it. the other tip is ask urself "if someone offered me [the amount of the item] or [said item] which would i rather have?" it really makes you think about the value of what you want to spend on. another one which i have heard of but don't personally implement into my life is more so of a trend people were doing for awhile on tiktok but they'd go to a store and see something they like and be like "if it's under 5$ i will get it" (is 8$, they put it back) "if it's under 20$ i will get it" (is 16$, they get it) also good for judging the true value of something (according to you)
  19. @xonn30: Hahaahahaha
  20. @joshhawn3988: i normally would find people like her annoying. But I like her. idk what it is but I like her.

- My Pokemon Card Stealing Addiction: A True Confession: Kind: captions Language: en bring all your skill Pokemon is an undeniable obsession with children across the country parents should not let their kids watch Pokemon play Pokemon buy Pokemon cards just how long will this fad last retailers hope well into the holiday shopping season Pokemon busted through the cultural Gates back in my way back when I was about eight how old am I now 30 22 years ago so around 22 years ago I remember Pokemon completely taking over the world by storm like I used to go to Spanish school right and everyone was playing this Pokemon blue and red I had blue of course I was all about the Blastoise and I was very intrigued I was like what is this new phenomena catching all these little weird creatures which they transport into this little ball and then you throw them and then they battle other weird creatures and little balls it was a very very strange world and I want it in and so I begged my mom to get me Pokemon Blue for Christmas on my original game boy I don't know if you guys remember the old school Brick Game Boy but it was freaking amazing well it was pioneering it really was and even though it started with the Pokemon games blue red and then came silver and gold which I got them both I think the TV show was almost as popular if I remember correctly I haven't seen it since I have no idea you guys will have to tell me outside of the game and the show the most popular products of Pokemon or Pokemon cards and of course now when you hear Pokemon cards especially the first generation like Charizard and Pikachu they're worth a freaking fortune and no one would have guessed in a million years that these children trading cards would be worth so much money but yet here we are world's a weird place now this is a story of how I got so obsessed with Pokemon cards and I fell into that greed sin that I unfortunately used to steal Pokemon cards the whole Pokemon Universe hijacked my little brain and I'm just like I I must I must them all and so what I used to do before Pokemon cards used to be perceived as such valuable items is that when you go to the shops they used to put the Pokemon cards just that just on top of the counter where all the sales associate has to do is turn around for one quick second you can just now I haven't seen Pokemon cards sitting on top of a cannon like that in decades I've always seen it behind a glass cabinet which is a lot more secure so I guess I wasn't the only one who used to be naughty and steal these things and I remember going to these shops and the guy would turn around and I would like take a packet or two or five and then my parents would drive me home and on the car I was so desperate for this so obsessed that I couldn't even wait home to open these Pokemon cards I would be like opening it in my pocket like just looking for the Holograms of course I never actually played the game I just wanted to collect all those Shiny rare Holograms I remember I got a Mewtwo once from these little packets and I was like yes and my mum bought most of my Pokemon cards but I definitely stole a fair few to the point where even at school my friends would bring their Pokemon cards then I'd see that shiny card and Satan would whisper into my ear like just take it come on you appreciate it more do you want to catch them all and I'll be like yeah yeah screw that guy yeah I'll take it for myself and so sometimes I would take one or two which by the way I'm not promoting stealing this is going to be the whole moral of the story stealing is bad who aren't I wise one of my first started decks I had Blastoise I'd never had a Charizard until one day when I went to Spanish School an acquaintance of mine and he brought his Charizard to school I'm like dude I oh no I shouldn't do this but I must and so once we went on break I went to the classroom went inside his pencil case or wherever he kept it took the Charizard and I put it down my pants I think in my underwear or something just I don't know like when you steal and you don't want to get caught you're not going to just put it in your pocket it's so obvious and then I'm walking down the hall right and I'm like yes I got it I got away with it and then I hear my friend behind me hey who's Charizard is this and I turn around and I see him pick up the Charizard from the floor and I'm like no it must have fallen through my pants oh then he gave it to the guy that I stole it off and he was very happy and I didn't confess until many many years later like yeah that was me I interpret this experience as the universe or God some sort of a higher power almost gave me a chance like are you sure you want to do this don't do it mate you're better than this but did I listen no I was a stubborn prideful bastard until one day during primary school I went inside someone's bag during recess and I took a whole bunch of his holographic cards and I don't know how but one of the teachers pulled me aside searched my bag found the Pokemon cards and my whole world shattered into a million pieces I felt so shameful that I got caught no no I actually did feel really bad and then one day at school I got called to the principal's office and I seen my mother there and she's got my folder of all my holographic cards and I had 30 40 50 holographic first generation Pokemon cards and then I was with the kid's mother who I stole from and basically as a sign of Goodwill I had to give some of my Pokemon cards to the kid because even though I stole some of his cards some of them I still got away with like I hidden behind other cards because there was some that I just didn't want to give away and they're like well now you're gonna have to give some of your cards and I remember crying I was so embarrassed and I had like extreme social anxiety so me just talking in front of two people gave me almost an anxiety attack so imagine my mum coming to school and me getting in deep trouble with the principal and having to give my Pokemon cards it was a mess it was but I deserved it and this was the last time that I stole from friends or people I think I still stole from shops because I kind of justify it with yeah but they're a rich store anyway like what are they gonna care kind of thing I didn't I didn't know man I didn't know it's funny how the mind justifies doing bad things which deep down like your soul and conscious know that's why we have guilt and shame these kind of negative feelings because it's like the compass in your very being that's like uh dude wrong way you don't do that but when your pride and your ego is super stubborn and resistant then it tries to overcome these negative feelings by using justification right it rationalizes your behavior when you know there's a party that knows it's wrong but your ego is like ah but come on yeah you know reasons a b c and d and then and you're like oh yeah true the story doesn't end here though because the most crucial part of this karmic cycle happened afterwards because deep down I didn't really learn my lesson like I felt bad I felt guilt I felt shame and there was a deep part of me that knew that what I was doing was wrong of course obviously you know I wasn't a complete sociopath I did have some empathy I was just my selfishness was just more powerful than my empathy but there was still part of me that still stole when I could and if I could get away with it and one day I remember catching a train and I had all my holographic cards or all my best ones there was like at least 30 of them right it hurts now just knowing how much they're they were worth not so much because of how I felt at the time even though it was one of the most traumatizing moments of my life when I was in a train I had my little pocket of these plastic sleeves of all my holographic Pokemon cards and I left it on the train and I didn't realize until I got off I bawled my eyes out like that screaming [Music] I was saying it was honestly one of the most painful experiences of my life for that time of course I've definitely explored enough of reality to know that that was hardly anything compared to what I've been through now there's a lot more painful experiences out there than losing your Pokemon cards but as a kid when it's your whole world that sucks my mum felt bad for me and bought me a couple more starter decks and stuff but I ended up losing all my Pokemon cards and I don't think that would have happened if I didn't fall into that trap of scarcity think about it wouldn't it have been a much more effective method to maybe learn some business at that time maybe I was too young to work but maybe start trading or just start using creative ideas to either make more money or trade Pokemon cards or be a part of the community or do something where I could get collect more Pokemon cards without resorting to theft I could have used that obsessive nature Within Me and directed it into a much more positive and practical path but because I went for the shortcut it ended up costing me a lot more and then I didn't even tell you the worst part so I kind of collected as much as I could I still had my folder of holographic cards years later once The Fad kind of dissolved and I was no longer into Pokemon like I stopped playing after silver and gold and I didn't get back into it until X and Y I think or black and white one of them and then I find out many years later that my mum gave them away and I was like Mom why would you do something like that but then you know whatever I got over it and then five to ten more years passed this is just a couple years ago present time now I find out that these Pokemon cards are worth hundreds of thousands of dollars especially the Charizard first generation Blastoise Pikachu Mewtwo I had all these freaking cards man and then my mum came clean and said that she actually threw him away because she didn't think that would be worth anything so my mom ended up throwing all my Pokemon cards away I was like wow man could you do that she's like what's up geez sorry I'm not a fortune teller and it's true like no one would have guessed in a million years that these freaking children trading cards would have been worth so much but such is life and I think there is always a blessing to each one of these perceived curses let's say that I did keep all my Pokemon cards especially during my rough years when I was into drugs and alcohol and escaping reality and all these kind of things imagine if I knew the value of Pokemon cards let's say 10 years ago or even seven years ago I would have sold them all very early on for much less than what they're worth now and I would have spent it on bullcrap and so I'd have to believe to make myself feel better but it just wasn't meant to be that I'm supposed to generate wealth in other ways I feel like that would also be another shortcut right like being a millionaire because you so happen to buy into a fad when you were a kid you know what I mean and I don't think there's anything wrong with that like it'll be amazing and trust me I'd be very happy if I somehow found all these holographic cards and then made like a million dollars of course who wouldn't be but there is always a price to everything outside of money and I think that when it comes to shortcuts it actually ends up taking you the long way around it's like climbing a mountain you see this Ridge and you're like oh that looks like a shortcut up the mountain and then you climb up it and then you run into thorns and cacti and stub your toe maybe you tumble down the mountain now you're injured and then you have to go the long way anyway so really that shortcut kind of cost you a lot more time something that my grandma used to say was which means that which is cheap ends up being more expensive sounds better in Spanish but I think that this is a similar principle of like when you try to go the path of least resistance that actually ends up costing you more energy in the long run versus just doing the hard work in the beginning like instead of taking steroids and going to the gym just work out it might take you a bit longer but at least your muscles will be more sustainable at least you won't pay a steeper price for your health that goes with drugs and all this kind of stuff like instead of taking ADHD pills so you can focus longer so you can cram for a test wouldn't it be better to do even if it's just an hour or two every day versus like 10 hours in the one day and just jamming it all in the one day because this is what I used to do all the time I'll save all these assignments and exams for University till the last minute and just burn myself out until I don't want to do it anymore it overwhelms me this is being disciplined every single day no matter how you feel that's the thing about emotions if you fall into how you feel in each given day it is a guaranteed path to hell you've got to do what you've got to do no matter how you feel whether it's sad or it's happy whether you're excited or you're feeling apathetic whether you feel like it or not you got to make you bet every day you got to brush your teeth you gotta have a shower you've got to work out and you've got to do the work develop skills this is a mentality that if I had when I was very young oh my God man I would be in a completely different trajectory and I don't like to think of oh you finally I did this then I'd be here because I don't like to dwell on regret because it's kind of dumb in a way it's dumb to dwell on regret but it's also dumb not to learn from your mistakes and things that you have regretted that's very very important that way you don't make that same mistake again so moral of the story stealing is bad but also don't chase shortcuts it'll just take you the long way around thanks for watching guys like subscribe and check out this video for more content

  Top Comments:
  1. @lowkeylv3909 [3 likes]: I use to steal back in high school but everything turned real quick, that day I got caught was a sign and never stole again, I was in year 11 it’s been 4 years now and my life has changed immensely since my days
  2. @babovic7777 [3 likes]: ❤
  3. @Bucabill [1 likes]: Tom be like

Gotta snatch them all!
  4. @marcusk3563: Hi Tom, big follower from Sweden. Wish you the best for this channel. Can't wait for more content! 🙏

- My Hoarding/Shopping Addiction: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys. So, this video is a little I mean, it's kind of lighthearted, but kind of serious. So, I kind of have a little shopping addiction/hoarding problem where it comes to the point now where I keep buying stuff and I don't even want to put it away. I just keep it in packages. And I'm going to show you guys my pile in just a minute. But, I don't know really what to do about a shopping addiction. And I don't really know how there's help for it. I've Googled how to cure a shopping addiction, but there's just no way of curing it. Like, I love shopping. It makes me so so so happy and I just can't stop. I can't stop shopping and it's a little bit of a problem and it's like thank goodness I don't have kids cuz I feel like it would be like a gambling addiction like if I had a family like where I just could not stop shopping and so I'm going to show you guys my pile. Um if you guys have any suggestions on how to stop stop hoarding or stop shopping and be good because I really don't even have any room. This is my second bedroom, you guys. And I turned it into my closet for all my shoes and makeup and stuff, and I just I can't. So, I'm going to It's kind of going to be a mini tour of my closet, but it's like I almost need a bigger house for more stuff, but I feel like if I had a bigger house with more space, I feel like I would just fill it with more stuff. So, I'm going to show you guys my my pile. I'll do it right now. Okay, so just go over here. Okay, so this is all new unopened stuff that I wanted to haul for you guys, but the problem is is it's just been piling up and piling up and I just can't seem to catch up with it. So, I have been filming hauls, but I just have so much stuff. And as you guys can see, it's all unopened. Most of it's still in packages or in its bags. And yeah, like it's pretty bad. So, just real quick, if you guys want to see, those are makeup palettes and stuff that I don't know what to do with. This is pretty much an overflow of my closet. Meaning, like I don't have room for shoes anymore. Like, it's just packed to the top. And clothes don't really fit in there anymore. As you can see, all my bags and stuff. And here's just a bunch of more stuff that I need to put away. And I just don't know where to go with the stuff and where to go with the bags. And as you guys can see up there, I just try and store it so it's up off the floor, but it's getting really, really hard. This is the closet in my bedroom. As you can see, I've been folding stuff. Even my nice dresses I've been trying to fold. And I actually have another closet here again just filled with shoes and boxes. A lot of stuff. There's a tag on this bag, which I've never used. Just tons and tons of clothes. I just love it. And I'm just not sure really what to do with all this stuff. and I really love it, so I don't want to part with it. And at the same time, there's just no room for new stuff. So, as you can see, I'm a bit of a hoarder and a shopping addict, and I'm not really sure what to do about it. Like I said, it's not harming me in any way, but I don't know. Like I said, right now, I'm thinking either a get a bigger place and just get another room, have like two closets full of stuff. Um, or b I need a I need something to replace my shopping addiction. You know what I mean? Like when I had a drug addiction, I replaced it with food. When I had a food addiction, I replaced it with tanning. When I had a tanning addiction, I replaced it with shopping. So, I'm kind of like trying to find something else to maybe not get addicted to. I've been walking a lot and I love walking so much. Um, but the problem is I get really hungry when I walk. Most people are like, "Oh, it curbs your appetite." But I get really hungry. So, I don't know. I mean, I might I tried the gym. I just can't get addicted. So, like maybe something healthy, but not like going to a gym. Maybe something like, is there another thing that you get really addicted to? I don't know. I like walking, but I need to do something more, I think. But like, I also need to replace the urge of shopping cuz I like things that are pretty. So, what's something that like I could feel pretty doing and fulfilled doing, you know what I mean? Um, but I'm open to suggestions on this video. Usually, I'm like, don't criticize, but I am open to suggestions. Don't be super harsh or anything. I just know that like I spend a lot of money and I need to probably not and I do put away stuff in savings and stuff like that, but it's just like I'm looking to buy a house and it's like do I want a bigger house or do I want just like something like a condo to keep all the stuff cuz I feel like if I get a bigger house, I'm just going to keep spending and putting stuff in it. Um so yeah, and it's like it's I guess it's one thing to like shop and use all the stuff, but the thing is like I shop and I don't use hardly I use like half the stuff. So anyways, um yeah, I'm trying to cure my shopping addiction. And I am going to haul all that stuff for you guys and hopefully after that I'm just going to stop. I might just have to quit cold turkey. I don't know. But yeah, I'm a little bit of hoarder. So any suggestions are more than welcome. I'm a little embarrassed by my hoarding. I try and keep the clutter to a minimum, but it's literally like eating me in this room. So yeah. All right, guys. See you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GlossyPaws [1 likes]: Hi Friends, I'm Miss Danielle and I used to work at a thrift store; as a volunteer sales associate. I would say shop your closet and put outfits for 3 months together. Throw away anything with stains, rips, or tears. That way you see what you have without spending. Donate anything with tags, haven't worn to thrift stoes, friends and family. Sell anything on Poshmark and put that amount in your savings account. At the end of 3 months, you can pay your bills and maybe buy something else.
  2. @user-qr2tf8vl4k [1 likes]: DEf don’t have kids then
  3. @theotherway1639 [1 likes]: There's a small book titled "30 Days to Stop Being a Shopaholic" by Harper Daniels, that's popular. I recommend it.
  4. @Cindoro [1 likes]: Five years later... Trish is barely starting  to declutter. I mean, progress is progress.
  5. @mmww9293 [1 likes]: put them in storage bags
  6. @scoobie8amg [1 likes]: You need to work on your emotional needs so you kill the problem at the root of your addictions.
  7. @mummylilbear6088: When you have kids your addiction changes to shopping for the kids lol so much cute kids stuff
  8. @suelowe115: Fast forward 7 years, the hoard is bigger and she hasn’t stopped.
  9. @madz9198: 2021! 😭💕
  10. @snezanakohlbacher9089: Addictive personality disorder. 
Sad. Young, “ healthy “ , beautiful but an addict.
  11. @JayJackson007: Stop shopping is called Dave Ramsey!! 💰
  12. @mgstarrx: Yo can I come over and try on your stuff that you don’t use?
  13. @catherineelizabethbond1338: I have problem with shopping all of my life so what l do is l dont go where is shopping centres that sell cloths just the basic  food .
  14. @leagillact-o-graphy1690: Therapy so as to cure the underlying problem, whatever it may be, like sadness, loneliness, depression, idk..! So that the symptom of overshopping disappears at the end. Since you replaced one addiction with another with another with another. So it seems that the underlying catalyst hasn’t really gotten the chance to be solved yet.
  15. @mmww9293: I am wondering if all this. shopping has anything to do with your childhood. 
For myself, I was I of 7 kids. My mom would feed us whatever was available. No questions ask/no comments except thankyou. So I have been the longest a very picky eater. If its not how I want my food to be done. Im upset.
A friend of mine is really picky about his shoes. Every 3 months he gets a new pair of shoes. If I remember correctly he said he had second hand shoes growing up.
My dad is one of the saddest stories I have heard. My dad was the only son, he had 2 sisters. His dad would take him out of school for work to help provide for the family. My dad stopped going to school by the second grade because he would have to continue repeating the second grade and the kids would mock him. When my mom and dad got their house. My dad not ever wanted to leave the house except for church, fishing, work and errands.  His way of traveling is though the TV. He would not ever go to the airport with us. He would always say"When you come back. I will be right here for you.  :(
  16. @catlover999-n7c: Get into a gaming
  17. @ericanicole9202: Have a yard sale, donate stuff to Goodwill or thrift shop
  18. @Gatubela1: I think girls do love to shop and sometimes it’s normal but we have to find a way to stop it, I love the audio book of the magic of tidying up by kondo. 
Try volunteering—-for people or animals (dogs).
  19. @rosemaryepstein2826: Maybe arts and crafts. Creating pretty things.
  20. @aprilbeauchamp6524: you should pick up an instrument maybe check out the music/art community

- VLOG: Confessions of a Toy Addict!: Kind: captions Language: en i'd like to talk about my toy addiction my name is jason and i'm addicted to toys [Music] i don't sleep because i shop online for toys or i look at toys online i don't make videos i don't open the ones that i have because i just keep thinking about what i'm missing in stores and i go to the stores all the time and i get a rush my heart races and then i start getting overwhelmed there must be like chemicals i mean i've read stuff about addictions and there are certain chemicals that go crazy in your system making sure that it's not too ridiculously messy i live i live in a crazy toy warehouse i've gotten rid of everything i own i have a bed i still have clothes but that's my next thing because i don't wear any of the clothes that i have so i'm gonna get rid of most of those and just use the areas the bins and the boxes that i keep my clothes in i'm going to use to keep toys in the documentary series the toys that made us i've watched the whole four episodes that have come out somewhere between five and ten times and i can watch it on repeat over and over again and i cry and i laugh and i get shivers just watching that stuff that is how i know i'm doing what i should be doing but when i go shopping they're kind of like panic attacks because i don't know i don't know what to do i feel like i've lost control and then at least when it gets so bad it's like i gotta get out of here so i just i don't get anything and i just get out of there so i kind of like when that happens because then i don't buy anything it's a good thing i'm mostly addicted to sales it's more if i find a really good deal on something that's euphoric for me but i think it's even the negative the overwhelming things i think that the adrenaline is just boosted so high in my system that i just want to do it all the time and another stabilizer for me is when i start sorting and cleaning this toy museum then it's like jason this is ridiculous you have a major problem you could review toys for the rest of your life and never run out of products but then youtube comes into play here and being the first person to have the toys is really good especially for a new youtuber if you're the first person to find the toy and the first person to make a video about it you're always going to be in the top searches for the product so that has slipped into the addiction thing but it doesn't really control me because like i said this is this is something that i really do care about this is something that really what is it i'm not gonna do the video on why i'm a toy collector that's that'll be another time that'll be probably too long i'm not sure i thought that me talking about the toys that made us would be too long but i think i can just cover that in the sentence that i can't wait for the next four episodes it's the best show of all time it's my favorite show of all time so well done i mean it's not even can i say that that's mean but it's not that well done like technically but maybe it's supposed to be as campy as it is i don't like the intro stop it only be only be positive so maybe i should spend more time cleaning see that's a win-win situation and then there's the whole internet thing it's so easy to shop and i just look at one thing and it leads to another thing and i check and i hit in my browser i have all of the stores open so i just refresh what's new and there's certain things that i'll search for but i keep certain things in the browser that are just ready to refresh to see if there's a new toy thursdays so exciting because that's when the new toys r us flyer comes out that's the days i live for there's a store down the road and it's called treasure hunt and i go way too often when i have feelings oh that's the other thing the psychic premonitions sometimes i wish for toys well i don't know if i wish for them so strongly or i feel their presence because i will look for something and be obsessed with it and that's when it will show up also i go to treasure hunt all there are stints i try not to sometimes but when i when i feel and recently they've been putting out all kinds of new things so i make sure that i go really early and i'm the first one there and i used to do that when there was a mattel store i used to go every week and and go to the front doors and make sure that i was there early so i could grab all the new stuff and in retrospect sometimes i see toys that i saw there and i didn't get and i should have gotten and then like i buy so many things so i'm going from store to store and i have bags of toys and i still go to other stores where it's like i'm on my bicycle i ride a bicycle and i have a huge basket luckily i have like sometimes i'm talking like i've got the equivalent of four garbage bags and i'm carrying them all in my hands i still go in the stores it's like ridiculous for me to have all of these bags and carrying them into the stores and then there are some stores that think i'm a shoplifter and they watch me like crazy and ask look in my bag so it's not just they're not just watching me because they think i'm crazy i go to stores that the only way to get there is by car but i somehow walk there or take my bicycle nobody could ever it's just not human to bicycle there but i do and then when people see me with bags they just think it's so weird they ask why they're not in your car why don't you leave them in your car and i'm really far away and um i may have found all these toys but i'm never in this area so i have to stop at all the stores on the way home because you never know what you're gonna find but there are limits and if i have way too many things that i can't possibly carry them then like yeah i just have to go home is this even logical oh yeah toys are my favorite thing in the world what are your favorite toys and my eyes all bloodshot from never sleeping and just looking for toys on websites oh toys how am i ever going to how am i ever gonna get enough subscribers i gotta stop talking about toys and stop living my life people people would be interested in seeing vlogs they just are no matter what you do they don't care but who know who wants to hear about toys i know that there are some of you that love toys but not everyone wants to hear about that felt good to get it out do you know what the craziest thing of all of us is i'm totally going to the toy store right now it's almost 10 o'clock the store is opening i might find that wonder woman and steve trevor tupac it's my only it's my only hope to find it i said it out loud that's manifestation at its best i usually don't tell anyone so sing out loud worst haircut ever so big on top so much better in bed so the sun's up oh i'm awake at the same time the sun is out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Permanent_hermit [2 likes]: Have you ever heard of the law of attraction? Look it up. I believe that’s what is happening when you have your premonitions about toys. I use it with my collecting as well. It’s works! I really enjoy your vlogs, they’re so real and therapeutic. Thanks for sharing❤️
  2. @ikd3240 [2 likes]: I've been collecting for many years, mostly Godzilla, Ultraman, Japanese monster stuff, with the occasional superhero/villain figure. I've toned down the buying frenzies, but the fun of it, from the shopping, opening up the package, taking it out, posting pics, still remains. I suppose there are worse things one can be hooked on. In the end we all have our thing, whether it's music, books, cars, clothes, electronic gadgets, toys, etc. As long as you enjoy it and it doesn't affect you negatively then I don't see an issue with it.
  3. @nylesandrews [1 likes]: Mine were Transformers G1 action Figures /Brief Gobots  although  enjoyed more Transformers had a few of them but during several moves  i had to give them to my Half Step Brother's Older Son (And  I managed to keep some Videogame Platforms (SNES-N64-("PS2" my Older Brother bought me that once for Christmas and another Nintendo WII ) + kept some Video games from the Former Game Platforms  Have More Books /Calendars-Posters- Nintendo Game Guides for the DK Saga all the First 5 Donkey Kong Games up till Donkey Kong Country Returns ) So I as well  had alot of toys  when I was Younger but have very left (Have A Yoda Figure I managed to keep think it was from SW Episode V:Empire Strikes Back  (1980 it says on the Back of It (Small Owl Collection-Delorean Model from BTTF II +  small Puppies collection/Woodland Surprises figures and Four Men on Camels  Eight Mini Size figures of Places I had been to in Europe oh + two Mini Size Models of Cruise Ships I had been on   (Rest just lots of DVD Films-TV Series various kinds ) thats about it my Vices But Figure Jason still has alot more Toys The way I have DVD's at least the room I have at  my  place room for APT wise.
  4. @ShaoranCostura [1 likes]: No adicction , is hoby 😊
  5. @sergiocarrasquel1030 [1 likes]: Jason: I am a toy addict too but it is  too difficult to  buy toys in Venezuela. They are very expensive and i do not have much money. But I have  been collecting many toys from Barbie, Masters of Universe, Max Steel, Mac Farlane and others. Thank you for this video. Many regards my funny youtuber!!!
  6. @jump9506 [1 likes]: Interesting, thanks for sharing. Fortunately the figures /toys I'm interested in (Neca) are primarily sold online or I need to travel 3 hours to pick them up in store.

Problem with online is they typically arrive bartered or QC issues. If I travel to the get them the store more or less never have the ones I want in stock.

In conclusion, I'm not complaining as it saves me shed loads of money. I also find when I unbox them they lose their appeal.

The only addiction I currently have is checking your channel for new videos, GREAT CHANNEL!
  7. @paulomoreira241: ❤❤❤😍😍🤗😉
  8. @hunterplunkett3120: God your so handsome and sexy and hunky id die to just see you in person😍
  9. @h_stefany88: Oh, I'm downloading "the toys that made us" now xD

Well, I think there are worse things to be addicted than toys. I specially love Barbie dolls. Only Barbies, period. I also enjoy some Monster High dolls, but not all of them. But atm I'm limited because of low budget and lack of space xD Everything in my country (Brazil) is EXTREMELY expensive and the toy stores in my city (and nearby cities) are ridiculous, no interesting Barbie there's lol (even ZERO monster high dolls, maybe I'll try another store from nearby city, but I'm so lazy to go there that... Zzzz... nevermind)... Well sometimes I find stuff online, but I try to avoid these. You are so lucky to find all of these sales, I'm jelly hahaha <3

Well, so, all I can do now is enjoy review videos like the ones in your channel, it makes me happy :3
  10. @quitaulla1569: I also collect Garfield and Bugs Bunny
  11. @quitaulla1569: Jajajajajajaja!!You make me laugh Hunky! I feel the same rush and happiness about toys and buying them! But this is it!! No more toys!!!I have no more room, and I like to display my toys, I don't want toys to be stored away, so I have to be strong and not get more!! Help me God!!!  My husband just showed me those episodes of The toys that made us and I love it!!! Sooo interesting!!! Children here in USA sure are lucky to grow up with all those awesome toys!! Hunky! The same happens to me, sometimes I want and think of a toy, and I find it later!!! I like Disney, Beauty and the Beast, Bratz, Bratzilas, some monster high, some ever after high, my scene, some 18 inch dolls, Lalaloopsies, and love toys with clear parts and things inside, so,I like babies toys OMG Pathetic!!!
  12. @amyfox9659: Hello Jason; my name is Amy and I am addicted to toys. I have wanted to be a toy artist since I was 13. I missed so much childhood and I feel such playfulness I lost or forgot from my childhood. I started by getting diagnosis, and being confined at home and addicted to online Credit Card doll shopping, miniatures, play houses. I found versions of my childhood toys. They are more precious than the money.
  13. @akbold1408: You were asking what kind of toys your viewers like. I like Barbie esp vintage repro, 90s and Fashionistas plus "Loveable Babies" plyline dolls from the 90s. Have a great day!
  14. @glittabones: I completely understand. I go into some sort of trance when I'm shopping for toys and it's exciting when I get it all home and unbox everything... but the amount of stuff I have is just overwhelming. I've given a lot of toys to charity but I'm just replacing them with new things all the time.
  15. @akbold1408: I have the same problem. At times I have given away a lot of dolls, only to order more. But I have come to grips since my last spending spree that I am seriously going to have to come to a toy halt. I'm working on it, even praying for God to help me. It's a process. I'm not as bad as I was. Already I can see a gradual improvement. I wish you the best.
  16. @JanuaryFlowers: i think i am too, but the reason I don't go over board is because i have limited space. lol
  17. @karenlee2: Do you have a day job or is YouTube your FT job?
  18. @IK-fg4gw: Are you even married...just thinking!😁
  19. @saskiadegeus2619: When it begins to trouble you, there must change something...It must not make you unhappy....
  20. @biteme109: My favorite toys are ag dolls, barbie, Star Wars! Love your hair!

- CONFESSING MY ADDICTION!!! | Summer Saldana: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay Costco hul okay bananas I tried to find the yellowest ones I can we use these for smoothies peel them and put them in the freezer this brown rice that's really easy 90 seconds milk eggs this isn't the usual orange juice we get but it's not from concentrate see it says uh uh squeeze from fresh oranges I'm glad it comes from oranges instead of something else and then Dave's Killer Bread this triple berry blend is is my favorite for smoothies I put this in and then some pineapple kale chia seed orange juice or coconut water or something like that it's really good I got a huge tub of animal crackers and they happen to be organic although I wasn't that concerned about animal crackers but I got these primarily for Sunday school cuz I teach these little kids and sometimes it's really hard to get them to sit still and I feel like they're not learning anything for me so I thought this would be great for um snack time and a little bribe if I can get them to sit still or answer questions I can hand out a cookie I got organic strawberries organic blueberries these dates and I got this huge crate of oranges I took the girls I was Costco shopping by myself summer gave me list so I pretty much stuck to the list to make it quick but the girls pointed out these watermelons wanted them really bad so I got them yeah I figure if they're not asking for candy or total junk food then might as well get it for them it'll be fun a big box of salad although these have been going to waste we don't seem to be able to eat it fast enough but we're going to try this this week three boxes of these mangoes because Summer loves these they're the best tasting mangoes ever Z Bars this is the usual thing we get when go to Costco not very healthy but the kidss love them so it's like a good little snack um same thing with the cereal you know we have healthy cereal and granola but then we mix it in with stuff like this that's not it's not like Lucky Charms unhealthy but it's not like um pure you know sugarfree granola healthy it's somewhere in the middle mam are good the kids love these and this Venus swirl shaver this summer is really exci excited about and I think I'm going to try it on my face and maybe on my legs as well so all of this came out to just under $25 I don't know I mean I guess that's pretty good for us for Costco sometimes it's over $300 but Costco really man it sucks you in when you go there it's hard to stick to a budget when you're there anyway that's it Costco Hall thanks and I hope you enjoyed my my fast smooth talking with no awkward pauses let's see what's for dinner okay Witham man Kai that he it I don't know or vegan my favorite veg restaurant m o n c a i don't know how you say that mon Kai super yummy vegan food Comfort Foods I got the chicken and dumplings super yummy but it's not real chicken it's Faux Chicken everything's organic non GMO Jimmy got the chick no wait the biscuits and gravy and those fluffy move your hand for a sec fluffy fluffy pancakes and then he made eggs to go with it yeah so it's not let's see what the desserts actually the eggs made it so it's not vegan anymore desserts I got these chocolate donuts with marshmallows on them those are chocolate vegan donuts and and cinnamon roll a vegan cinnamon roll did that sound like Oprah when I said that cinnamon roll if you said free cinnamon rolls for everyone everyone get a fre cinnamon roll and then you would start screaming and crying cinnamon roll it's family movie night Paddington Bear you guys like it so far I love it do you like it Chloe yes come back okay so we're having a bedtime chat and I wanted to film this because this is a serious issue in my life right now and I'm just going to confess it the first step to Healing is admitting you have a problem right I have a problem I am addicted to cheese pizza sugar it's a real addiction I know it seems silly but when I think about never being able to have it the rest of my life it hurts me and that's how you felt about alcohol right well yeah so my dad said something to me years ago gosh okay just trying to help you be modest okay so a chest hair was showing that's pretty racy so years ago so years ago my dad said something that made a lot of sense regarding alcohol he said when he used to drink he's been sober for many many years and he wasn't like a raging alcoholic but anyway he said when he um got to the point where he decided not to drink anymore he thought so when he was trying to analyze whether or not he should drink he had the thought well I should be able to go the rest of my life without having a drink and it shouldn't bother me cuz that's how I feel about alcohol I could never drink ever again and I totally don't care hold on I need to restate it so it's a complete thought not broken up got it so yes sir okay so he said I should be able to go for the rest of my life without having another drink of alcohol and it shouldn't bother me however if it does bother me then that's proof that I should go the rest of my life without drinking alcohol and that was the last stage of me ever drank alcohol it was maybe like five five or so years ago now more maybe so tonight I was telling Jimmy CU I've just been going down this slippery slope of like eating bad food just it starts with pizza a night and then I end up getting dessert and it's just I don't have just a bite I don't have just one slice you know I just don't know how to have that in moderation and it's really an issue for me and I got on the scale and I was up a few pounds and it's not a lot like I know I'm not overweight or anything but I have worked really hard over the last two years to lose what 25 almost 30 lbs and you're exaggerating no I'm not I am not exaggerating um and I just once my weake gets to a certain point it just snowballs it just gains fast you know so and this is something I actually pray about this what I just telling him I'm like what do I do like this is something that I it consumes my thoughts how can I not have that dessert how can I not have that pizza or you know all of this like it's seriously an issue for me so I'm like what can I interject yeah it's not how can you not have that one dessert or not have that one pizza because the problem you described to me was you have pizza right and then you have a Rice Krispy treat then you have a cupcake then you have another slice pizzaa and like you kind of will go just full like just go for it instead of just having the one thing MH now some people now how you are with alcohol that's how I am with dessert I can have half a cookie and I'm fine yeah I don't need anything else you know that when you first gave up alcohol I didn't drink any around you because it stumbled you like it made it didn't it made you want to have alcohol you didn't want I know where this is going want to go to like a bar or any place you know cuz it was like hard for you so I feel like if so anyway this is what he said to me it sounds like you just can't have it and I was like you know what that's true my friend Candice quit sugar and we've talked about this a lot since she's quit sugar and she said just doesn't sound like you're ready to quit but there will be a day when you will realize cuz I told her I'm like I'm addicted to it I think about it all the time she goes there will be a day you'll just come to a point like I did where it'll be like that's it I'm done it's an I'm an addict I have to treat it like a drug and I'm done I have to just be done and I think I'm at that point I think I'm really at that point I think I don't want to be done but I know I need to be done now does Candice have a little bit of sugar sometimes nope see she's totally that's why off the sugar cuz I think that's why cuz if you have a little bit you want more that's what she said that's why she has she said she has to treat it like um it's a drug like you can't have a little bit of crack cocaine you can't have a little bit of alcohol if you're an alcoholic you just cannot have it so I think I have to give it up which means you have to give it up for a while until I don't even care about sugar she said after a few months or maybe a month she didn't it didn't consume her like it did at first but um but it took a while so yeah yeah I'll tell you with alcohol that means the kids can't have it in the house either with alcohol this is turning into its own video now with alcohol it um for the first probably like three months I realized I was I thought about it a lot and that's I didn't realize how much I thought about it and it seemed like everywhere we want I was thinking about it and it kind of seemed like for the first few weeks that I was missing out on all the fun all the time because I wasn't going to drink alcohol but after a few months I felt free and it wasn't consuming my thoughts all the time but even now five plus years later mm there are still many times where I think a beer or a glass of wine would sound nice but I don't even go there but it's not like a it's not like longing it's just like tomorrow we I know I would enjoy tomorrow I have two birthday parties to go to so what's your choice right now I'm not going to have any sugar or pizza I'm a vegan I'm 100% vegan so what you have to do then summer is go there don't even let a taste of it get in your mouth okay cuz you do is over it's over you guys I'm I'm going to I'm putting this out there so people have you guys have to hold me accountable you have to check in on me if you can make it through those two birthday parties you can make it through anything I don't know it's going to take more way more than two birthday parties that's your I think you understand the addiction that's your kickart we'll see how this goes I'm because those two birthday parties you'll feel like if you go crazy there you'll feel like you've set yourself back and you'll be super disappoint new day if you make it through there you'll feel Victorious and go prep go prepared with a substitute don't go there hungry and sitting there looking at Food yeah I'm have to go get a bunch of fruit to bring with me bring stuff okay good night all right right it birthday party after church and Jimmy and Becky and Taylor it doesn't work it's I did the let me see whoa Taylor look at that look at those PS Becky what o I think I'm going to make me more Asha next Becky is with child she's with child how far along are you 7 weeks she has a blueberry in her belly that's alive it's alive with a heartbeat maybe there's two blueberries my kids think there's two I think there could be two too next Monday is your appointment the ultrasound is ma going with you yeah yeah just to that one yeah keep an eye little other Offspring over there just don't want them to get stolen yeah well if they do and they come back and you know it was meant to be you know My Philosophy oh my gosh Taylor she got some money for his birthday and he got this Lego set it's the Minecraft cave mine mine this is a cave um and so he put all of his money for his birthday and bought this in literally built it in how long do you think it took on um I don't know it was one evening I don't know what time he started maybe can show you okay sh so this thing go down oh and these mean the mine cart goes faster and actually goes faster quick and then this turns like this and just going go this way can I move the mine cart look at those creepers is that what they're called mhm spider skeleton that's really cool oh in this button in Minecraft if you like TNT to Flint and Ste they explode or if you make some sort of redstone thing okay um the the TNTs also explode so if you push this in you can see this part's a little bit Wiggly it pushes these TNTs um off along with this whole section so it'd be like if you were actually pushing the real button in Minecraft the TNTs would explode all of this so if I push this all these will explode what what if there was a creeper on top of that when you pushed it um The Creeper would explode right after okay Ready's a disas go wow yeah it really did work that's cool so then all TNTs blew up hey this is the moment you've been waiting for Chloe no going back now don't move those eyebrows I need to know where your guide is and we have matching matching things yeah yeah Mom what took you so long just kidding I know what maintenance they are MH all right Chloe what do you think of your hair amazing it's amazing mhm do you love the bang mhm you don't regret it regret me regret means you wish you didn't have them I love them you look pretty cute you have a lot we're going to have to work with them a little bit you have a lot of glitter in your hair you looks so cute I just got a package from urad they sent me some more goodies to try so I thought I would unbox it for you really quick and show you okay so it's a little travel bag and it has the balancing moisturizer with SPF 15 clarifying wipes for blemish prone skin this is the rejuvenating ha hand cream and the hydrating toner and I think that is everything this is so fun so fun thank you mad I'll let you guys know what I think it's Disneyland day and we are stopping we're supposed to be there in 20 minutes I know I'm stressed out so the Foster agency that we work with is gave everyone in the agency and the kids passes to Disneyland today so we are going to attempt to take all four kids to Disneyland we have never been to Disneyland with the kids he went for like a bachelor bachelorette party um and I couldn't go for some reason I can't remember why you had to stay with the kids I had to stay with the kids and then I think I might have gone when I first moved to California but SP really easily okay don't really remember very Vue did you mix it up for her mix it mix it up for her but she already has it I know I didn't Vlog very much this week but I was so sick I got sick for two days like sore Thro and body aches and then have this weird thing going on where every night after I ate dinner I get severe stomach pain like cramps and just like doubled over in pain for hours until I fall asleep like I end up just falling asleep cuz I've been so exhausted from the pain um so between all of that I just wasn't a very good vlogger hopefully the stomach aches go away and I don't need to go to a doctor next week cuz if this is like the second week it's progressively getting worse anyway are you excited mhm yeah you going to Disneyland with all the kids is a little stressful we have the double stroller packed a lot of snacks I'm mixing up yours love diaper changing I'm not too sure about that how that will work but that'll be fine yeah neither nobody has pooped yet I mean none of the kids have pooped yet and it's going to it's going to come up soon our the younger girls they have a lot of poop we poop two to four times a day all right we'll check in at Disneyland Chloe are you excited um kind of let me see are you excited kind of kind of scared yeah is this your first roller coaster under Mountain are you guys having fun what's your favorite thing that we've done so far well um what's it called Thunder Mountain Thunder Mountain was your favorite mhm show me what you made your burger so Taylor got a burger he thought it was a cheeseburger but it's not hamburger it was hamburger so what did you do I I invented a macaroni and cheeseburger show me instead of cheese it's macaroni and cheese is it good yeah are you having fun oh man I love my food are you glad we ate here and not where you wanted to yeah might be we a little bit of a tiff about food didn't we it's not surprising we didn't get into a tiff it's just that we had a firm plan and then at the last second in front of the place that we were going to eat at we changed plans and changing food plans of the last second is a Time costly mistake especially when everyone's hungry so we had to walk around for probably another minutes also Taylor had to stop and go to the bathroom in the middle there so we're extra hungry but now is it worth it but it paid off in the end yeah this is like really I'm tapping into my German ancestry here with the SAU crop chicken sausage dog and a pretzel bun it's so good I'm having french fries soda and the kids are having macaroni sandwich and more macaroni we're back home our dogs are barking that means my feet hurt my heels especially but we had fun we actually had a lot of fun it was a good time yeah everybody was happy it really is the happiest place on Earth was a little stressful getting in it literally took us 2 and a half hours from the time we parked to the time we got our T like got in through checking our bags right no it was um 9:30 it was 1 and a half no no no no no 9:30 to 10:30 to okay almost 2 cuz it 1110 when we got in yeah which apparently is unusual is what everybody was telling us but I don't know they had some sort of marathon Race Around the park today Tomorrowland was closed off at 5 for I think George Clooney was there there a bummer CU I didn't get to see him and a bummer cuz tomorrow land was closed but yeah it was super fun the girls did amazing Chloe rode all the adult rides the scary one she did so good I mean not the scary scary ones like we didn't take her to the haunted Manion Mountain Splash Mountain Thunder Mountain Thunder Mountain and Star Tours Star Tours and Indiana Jones she did all of them and my sugar 7even days no sugar not a drop of extra I mean fruit but other than fruit no sugar are you so proud of me I'm proud of you he's my um sponsor right here I'm feeling pretty tired now though are you not at for a blacklist I don't know tomorrow's Mother's Day my favorite day in the whole calendar year your real gift is next weekend though oh I know all right I'm GNA Go Wrap Up My editing thanks for a fun day thanks for watching this week you guys don't forget to subscribe I did it in the wrong direction last time so there's subscribe buttons all over the place it's okay and thumbs up this video and come back next week we'll see you guys later bye a lot of it h honestly now that I'm thinking about it happened with my anxiety I started realizing that a lot of what I was eating and putting into my body could contribute to anxiety and I was willing to do anything to get rid of my anxiety

- How to Stop Shopping | Shopping Addictions and How I Overcame Mine: Kind: captions Language: en how I stopped shopping and specifically how I went from having a shopping addiction to being somebody that rarely buys new clothes I found it really hard to find structured information about buying addictions it's kind of something we're just like oh she likes to go shopping hahahha it's normal and maybe because it's something that isn't entirely frowned down upon or taken seriously it's something that affects way more people than we would expect here are some telltale signs that you might have a shopping addiction frequently shopping impulsively and feeling an urge to buy even when you don't need anything spending beyond your means accumulating debt or hiding purchases to avoid Financial judgment shopping to relieve stress anxiety or sadness often using it as a coping mechanism constantly thinking about shopping sales or finding the next purchase feeling guilty or regretful after making purchases and repeating this Behavior struggling to cut back on shopping despite attempts to limit purchases I was supposed to be the last person that should have developed a shopping addiction and yet there we were I Come From A working class background like very humble beginnings and once I started working I had to try to get away from when you grow up not having anything you are so afraid to go back to that that you don't end up enjoying your life you don't end up spending on anything you don't end up on going out ever every little thing that you do with with regards to spending or enjoying ends up being something that weighs really heavily on you that was me when I first moved to Italy and that was me when I first graduated and because I said to myself that you know the whole scarcity mentality isn't healthy I need to get into a mentality where I am treating myself I am giving to myself because you know you only live once I would say that I hit my Peak shopping Addiction in like 2021 2020 because because I was now earning very well and I had been earning very well consistently for like ever since I had graduated I had quite a bit saved up and as I said I'm like it's not healthy for me to not spend any of my money I need to spend I need to live I should also cue the kind of work that I was doing now at this point I was working for a startup and I was also doing my content creation influencing on the side and the one in the office was very luxury adjacent I was working for a lot of luxury clients in the automotive fashion Hospitality sectors and then my influencing career we'll say was also very focused around like fashion and beauty and buying so it it's kind of just like the perfect storm at the perfect time we had just gone through the really traumatic experience of covid I went through covid in Milan as I said I was earning well I didn't have the chance to spend this money during Co so I had quite a bit of savings and then the Char on top was that especially influencing was a job that enabled and kind of encouraged me that I should be spending I need to look good when I go to these events I need product so that I can make content and furthermore there's even like a whole tax write-off situation when you're a lifestyle influencer so I was even incentivized from a tax perspective to spend more and so one thing led to another I went from being afraid and feeling ashamed for spending things to spend things without thinking about them and still feeling ashamed after spending them I was shopping like big shopping spree at least once a month once every two months thankfully I wasn't spending beyond my means it wasn't getting to the point where I was taking on debt but I was definitely like spending a significant portion of my income on clothes money that could have been saved money that could have been invested and I would justify it I would always justify it with like I want to buy higher quality things so I don't need to throw them away which kind of is true or I just had a really stressful week I need to treat myself which that's another thing you need to watch out for when you're shopping to feel something whether it's to feel less stressed or it's to feel like you're treating yourself shopping and buying clothes shouldn't be done to feel some sort of emotion or feeling even because at least in my experience experience it never leads you to feel a good emotion and I Justified it by saying that I was trying to find my personal style I would say that I need to buy this new thing because I needed to recreate this look I'm going to find my style through shopping and putting together pieces New pieces when that's not actually how you find your personal style you probably don't need to buy even one other thing to really Define and enjoy your own personal style a lot of the stores that I was shopping at and specifically here in Italy they don't always do returns so once you bought it you just have to deal with the fact that you just wasted that money there's no getting the money back and so then it goes into your closet and it sits there until you do your next comu armadio and then it's like the Vicious Cycle just repeats itself I just looked at myself and I was just like what am I doing this doesn't make sense that point for me was when I moved into my new apartment like I had just spent so much time and stress to acquire this apartment get into this apartment renovate this apartment and then when I had to move 7 years worth of clothes to this new apartment that was when I realized the depths of my issue and furthermore I didn't want to tarnish this new start this new space that I had worked so hard on with this old uh baggage quite literally I didn't want to get into that situation again so that that brings us into the actual point of the video I guess which is the Practical steps that I started doing little by little to stop shopping to go from spending insane amounts of money for literally no reason to not doing that anymore step one was I actually changed how I brought clothes and the way that I did this was first of all I had to work on impulse control stopped shopping online that was one thing and I Justified this by saying and it was truthfully that it's actually quite difficult for me to buy things online they rarely fit the way that they're supposed to fit also living in Italy a lot of the cute shops are not in the EU and then we have to pay like tariffs on top of them so I used all of these excuses to tell myself that I should only be shopping in person and so then once it I got it down to only shopping in person now it was I should only be shopping during sales Justified that one by saying like how many times has it happened that I've bought something for full price just for me to find it again at the sale at half price that just makes you feel stupid so that was one of the ways that I was like only shop during the sales don't go outside needlessly I had to limit the amount of contact that I had with both digital and physical stores to just not even put me in that situation to give in an Impulse I started adopting more healthy Hobbies so that's where my fitness journey kind of came in I started going to fitbox like three times a week then I now am subscribed to the gym and any free time that I have whether it be in the morning or like the end of the workday rather than go take a walk down Victorio Emmanuel and put myself in a dangerous position I will just go to the gym it was feeling that void and trying to get those feelings of like stress relief uh from someplace else that was a bit more productive once I actually would step foot into the stores I really started to put into practice the whole wishless concept of okay let me see if I still want this in a week or two and usually I didn't so that also helped to curb the impulse and just putting me in a situation where I would want to shop I would start paying attention a lot more attention to the materials and makeup of clothes because I would just see something that was kind of cute but then once I take a closer look at the materials it's all acrylic it's all synthetic I know that it's not going to last I touch it and it feels gross just from my fingers right there imagine this on my skin so once I started learning more about the materials of clothes and how clothes are supposed to feel and what functions they're supposed to serve like varying materials that was something that curbed my shopping of quite a bit and the last thing that made me change the way that I bought clothes was just accepting my financial and also spatial limits like I said my house is really small if I fill it up with stuff it's going to be fluttered and feel uncomfortable to me and I just can't get over the fact that again I put so much work and dedication into my house that I wouldn't forgive myself if I just ruined it by filling it up with clothes you have to understand what kind of reverse psychology to do to yourself to make yourself start thinking of things in the right way you don't have space to buy this huge jacket leave the jacket you don't have space for this extra pair of shoes leave the shoes I don't have space so I can't buy this thing and furthermore I started getting back to like just really strict no spend and low spend periods where I said okay I'm giving myself €100 I'm budgeting myself €100 for shopping this month which in my opinion is even too much but these kinds of things forced me to change the way that I shopped in terms of frequency in terms of motive and also in terms of like just putting in boundaries to guide that shopping the second thing that I did to help me stop shopping was I did some deep declutters like I said that first big declutter was with my first move but even once I got into the new house I still had to do a few more I'd say like it took two CIO armadi for me to get to a position where I had sheared down to the things that made sense I threw out a lot of stuff but I don't throw things out anymore like I don't throw something out unless M I haven't worn it for like 4 years and by now I have a closet where that hasn't happened all of the clothes that I have I've worn at least once in the past 4 years it has happened to me countless times where I would throw something out or donate something because I didn't feel it was still fashion I didn't feel like it still represented me just for 2 years later that thing to be in fashion and representing me so while on the one hand the huge declutters were necessary to get to a place where I had a manageable quantity of things a place where you know I could actually see the shoes in my closet where things weren't overflowing and squished but I did it over a long enough amount of time for me to understand what I truly didn't need and what I just didn't need in this moment and I think that it's a fine line to draw but it's a line that you have to draw so that you strike that balance a lot of this journey has been just about finding the right balance between the two extremes of I need to throw all of my stuff away and then regretting that you did that intentionally get rid of and intentionally keep your clothes another aspect of my declutters that I think helped me to stop shopping is that I developed storage and organization techniques and I stuck to them it's not always perfect I do change them around sometimes but for example no matter how I'm organizing my shoes it needs to be in such a way that I see most of them which is hard because you need space to be able to see your shoes I don't have a walk-in closet but I found a way that allowed me to maximize seeing my shoes and also storing them in a way where they're not getting like deformed or messed up from exist in in keeping this organization it takes a lot for me to add something to my closet because I don't really have space to add something else without messing up my whole storage system so developing an organizational and storage technique for my closet space and just sticking to it was another thing that helped me declutter and then stopped buying just to conclude I guess it was really all just about maximizing the space that I had in my closet and again excepting when there's just no more space try to really adhere to the onein one out rule with regards to your space and your stuff don't bring anything new into your home or your closet unless you're going to part ways with something old and when you're thinking about parting ways with something old I think about do I really need to throw this away like is it falling apart is it unsavable like is this unwearable now I think about where it's going to end up because truthfully a lot of the clothes that you are donating or throwing away actually just end up in Africa there's no um other way to around it it ends up in Africa West Africa in a landfill for me even that in of itself is another reason that makes it really hard for me to get rid of clothes I'd rather keep it until until I can use it as a rag and the final macro area with regards to techniques that allowed me to St shopping is I learned the basics of personal styling I learned the basics of wearing one piece of clothes in multiple ways styling it in different ways I learned how to mix and match your Basics with your styling pieces the difference and function between Basics and statement pieces feel like a lot of people feel like they're on the hunt for the perfect basic and before you know it you have a closet full of Basics and you can't really do much with them all I had in my closet or you know my white t-shirts and my jeans and I didn't really have anything to Spruce them up with I follow this one YouTuber named Christina Micah you guys have probably heard of her and she talks about her closet being a pyramid where at the base you have your Basics and then at the top you have your Trends you're supposed to have the fewest amount of like trendy pieces and the most amount of Basics thinking about that triangle and just being very intentional about like the kinds of pieces that you have in your closet and putting them together mixing and matching them to have like cool outfits was one thing that also helped me to stop shopping because I learned how to style outfits in a numerous infinite amount of ways I learned what I like to see on myself and what I didn't like to see on myself which I think is another thing so now when I go into the stores honestly most of the things that they are suggesting I don't even like to see on myself truthfully they don't look good on me I don't have that tall slender body type that a lot of the the clothes in Europe is really targeting so once I knew the types of clothes that I like to see on myself it allowed me to be a lot more intentional and a lot more picky with the clothes that I was buying uh in those occasions that I would be buying them and the final component to learning a bit about personal styling is just understanding the power of Pinterest and learning how to take inspiration from things not necessarily copy but understanding how to make my own version of the things that I see how to make my own interpretations of the things that I see I have Muses now that I didn't have before I have people that I follow that kind of remind me of myself whether it be in stature whether it be in attitude and literally I take inspiration I see the things that they do and they wear and I just take little pieces from here and there and I put them all together and I say how does this make me feel what do I like I adapt it to make myself like it and before you know it you have something that is Tia it is Tia that is my story about how I went from shopping addiction to stopping shopping it's a topic that I definitely think should be taken more seriously and talked about more but at the same time I'm so happy to see that there is a large uptick in interest and in content about being more mindful about the way you shop being more intentional about the money that you're spending on your clothes and building a better relationship with essentially your closet and your clothes I think it's a really interesting you know Trend and I can't wait to see where it goes because it's something that I think is kind of necessary that being said this is a safe place I would love to know if in hearing what are the components of a compulsive Shopper a Shopaholic do you think that you might be one too and if you are if you were I would love to know the tips that you could share with my community with regards to how to overcome that what are some ways that you know you are able to develop a more healthy relationship with your clothes and with your money be sure to like And subscribe if you haven't already and as always I'll see you guys in my next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @beckytownsend3800 [2 likes]: If anyone is struggling with clothes, my biggest tip is keep it neutral. That way, every single piece in your wardrobe goes with the other so you have half the clothes but the outfit combinations are tripled (sometimes more). I used to get loads of different colours and now I stick to browns, white, black and burgundy. If I go for colour I go for very muted / light colours like pink and blue because they tend to go with all neutrals. Shopping in this way has completely transformed my wardrobe and allowed me to focus on the material / quality and has naturally reduced the amount of clothes I have / need
  2. @JoeSmith-np6nz [2 likes]: No one ever realizes how much stuff we have until we move 🤣 it’s so crazy
  3. @fnma21 [1 likes]: Knowing your style is so important.  Everything matches. Not following trends  is so important, too. Sometimes, I fail. I got these trendy wide-leg jeans. In the end,  I donated them. It just felt wrong wearing them. My wardrobe is small. The biggest part of it is my shirts, which I absolutely love😅
  4. @yourmissleo: Thanks for sharing❤😊
  5. @alessandraf.9354: 😅love the random Italian phrases
  6. @sohinidutta97: I am struggling HARD with shopping addiction at the moment. This month I have used up 2 month's worth of shopping budget. I am trying to save for a big move I am anticipating next year but this has me constantly stressed. Thank you so much for the video!
  7. @veiledviolet: Pinterest is my problem. My style is my creative outlet and I use Pinterest for inspiration. The problem is that my inspiration changes very quickly and I feel the need to buy more new clothes to match my new concept. It makes me feel so good, but I’m spending most of my extra income on clothes. Even though I’m never in debt, I’m not saving. 😬
  8. @Cinnamobae: Im here because I want to stop wanting a newer version of Apple stuffs ✊
  9. @AsiaCordone: I just took out a new credit card my family doesn't know about and hid the stuff I bought. I know I don't need some of why I bought, and I know I have a problem. It started with small things, food I didn't need, snacks, candy, coffee, then moved on to skin care (that I actually did need due to a skin condition, but It made me look at bigger purchases like they weren't that bad), to make up. I know it will get worse to shoes and fashion, I don't like this, I don't know why I'm so impulsive, I know I need help but the conversation of why I am the way I am in general wouldn't go over well.
  10. @fnma21: Only shop in person doesn't always work. I shop online from a specific shop, we don't have the actual shop in our city.
  11. @jacquelinegonzalez1088: Thank you so much!  I am one thank you for your wonderful tips.:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  12. @conniemac21: This is incredibly helpful. You spoke to my heart. I’m sending this to my 22 year old granddaughter. Breaking the cycle! Thank you.
  13. @PhoneticFluency: Thank you for this video! I haven’t seen anyone else talking about the pipeline of growing up poor → under-spending on yourself as an adult → trying to “correct” → ending up on the other extreme of over-spending. That's my story too, and so many things you said hit home with me. I even feel like the shopping itself can cure the addiction, because once I buy the right things and “find my style,” then I’ll finally be free to stop shopping!

One thing that helped me was thinking about how the things I buy become my responsibility—caring for them is now my responsibility, and how they are disposed of at the end of their useful life, that’s on me now. Thinking about that helps me buy less.

I also blended two of your tips, and I’ve made organizing my home my hobby. I’m crafty and enjoy DIY, so I use free materials (like leftover boxes/cardboard) to organize my apartment. I actually get that dopamine hit that shopping gives me because of seeing something new and fresh in my home!
  14. @melanie0083: Thank you for this
  15. @DRDJEVENTS: You were the last person to develop a shopping addiction,..... what does that mean?
  16. @Ghriangraf: Wait I stopped shopping cheap stuff and started buying quality and I did donate a lot and know i have enough.

I know it mentally
But I do shop when im stressed cuz of neglect in childhood but also was validated for beauty a lot
  17. @enriconolastname3471: Thanks for the tips, i really needed that, i waste way too much money on clothes and then i dont even wear them!
BTW....OMG your skin is so beautiful!
  18. @dianawitty9628: You’re very sweet…and…smart…and…articulate 
I am one too
It’s a struggle, this helped to just to the things you’ve done, I’ve done also, I’m better at managing,but still falter especially around the holidays or some emotional turbulence…
It’s good to reflect and realize why I’m doing what I’m doing…
How to not give in.
Funny I realize, sometimes I do it to bring myself down from feeling good about myself.
To feel guilt and shame. 
Weird
Gonna have to do a deep dive on that
  19. @envzous: I still have a problem with overspending on clothes and hair but if you have an overspending problem with food, trust me just buy groceries and learn to cook it yourself. Make larger portions so you can meal prep it and stay healthy as well. You can make chicken nuggets and french fries at home without having to constantly spend your money on fast food
  20. @user-jm2wx2df5x: I’m testing a savage money-saving experiment called Save-or-Shame.
If you overspend, you post it. We roast you. You save money.
Wanna try it for a week?

🔁 HOW IT WORKS

If you make an impulse purchase, post:

What you bought

How much

A 1-line excuse (why you “had to”)

The group reacts:

Memes

Emojis

Light roasts

If you resist spending, you can post a Save Flex:

“Didn’t order food today. Saved $120.”

Flexing is encouraged 😌

🔥 ROAST RULES (IMPORTANT)

Roast the decision, not the person

No insults about body, family, trauma, or mental health

No hate speech

If someone says “stop”, you stop

This is fun shame, not bullying.

👻 GHOST OPTION

If you’re not in the mood to be roasted:

Say “Ghost Mode”

You’ll get support only, no jokes

Mental health > memes.

🚪 LEAVING

You can leave anytime.
No pressure. No hard feelings.

🎯 REMEMBER

We’re all here because:

We overspend

We want to do better

Laughing makes it easier

Let’s save money.
Let’s be honest.
Let’s not be cruel.

4⃣ YOUR ROLE (IMPORTANT)

You are not just the admin.
You are the tone-setter.

For the first week:

You roast lightly

You encourage save flexes

You shut down any bullying fast. 

Here is the link to the WhatsApp channel I created: https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VbBewmP8qIzl2c9NYd2r

- ADHD and too much shopping: Self-care or self-sabotage?: Kind: captions Language: en For many women with ADHD, shopping can feel like self-care. That is until it becomes self-sabotage. This is ADHD and a podcast where we talk about everyday life and ADHD. I'm your host, Dr. Jay. I'm a licensed psychologist who works with those with ADHD. Today, we're talking about ADHD and shopping addiction. [Music] Sorry not sorry in advance for coming for your retail therapy and yolo existence. Shopping addiction or compulsive buying disorder isn't just about loving pretty things. It's about using spending to soothe, escape, or regulate emotions when your brain struggles to do it on its own. Compulsive buying disorder or CBD is characterized by persistent excessive or uncontrollable buying behavior that causes significant impairment or distress in social work or financial functioning. And no, the DSM5 TR hasn't formally recognized it as its own diagnosis, but researchers and clinicians have been studying it for years because it's very real. There is research that states that 5.8% 8% of people in the US have it and 80% of the people studied were women. We're not going to get into the potential bias of that. However, what was also found is a very high rate of coorbidity with other disorders, including impulse control disorders. Guess what is a major factor in ADHD? Yep, let me be clear. Compulsive buying is rarely about needing more stuff. Most people with CBD report intense emotional distress, boredom, anxiety, depression, loneliness, and the shopping provides a temporary escape or rush. That new pair of boots, that's not just fashion. That's serotonin in a box. This behavior shares features with both addictive disorders. So, for example, having cravings, developing tolerance, or having withdrawal-like symptoms, and also impulse control disorders. Many folks describe feeling attention before the purchase and then a sense of relief afterwards, at least until the guilt sets in. And baby, the guilt is real. People with CBD often hide purchases, lie about their spending, and experience intense shame or regret after a shopping spree. You might be wondering, what's the difference between impulsive spending and something like shopping addiction? We all can have a habit of impulsively buying things from time to time. The same way that people have a few drinks here or there or maybe even a vacation in Vegas that you can barely remember, there are a lot of factors that move the needle from the realm of the normal spectrum of unhealthy habits and the oh crap, what am I doing with myself level of unhealthy habits. So, here are a few factors for you to monitor. Preoccupation with shopping or planning purchases. Loss of control over how much or how often you buy. emotional buying to cope with stress, sadness, or boredom. Negative consequences like debt, fights with your partner or job issues, having guilt and shame after your purchases. And finally, hiding purchases or downplaying your spending. Sound familiar? Don't panic. We're going to talk about solutions, too. But first, let's dive into some of the effects or consequences of shopping addiction. The first is financial consequences. Research consistently identifies financial problems as the most immediate and visible consequence of compulsive buying. People with CBD often accumulate significant amounts of credit card debt, unpaid loans, maxed out accounts, and even bankruptcy. According to research, individuals with CBD often spend beyond their means. This can lead to chronic debt with some studies showing that nearly 50 to 60% of those with CBD carrying substantial credit card debt. And unlike an occasional splurge, these are not isolated incidents. They are part of a repeated distress driven pattern. We're not just talking about buying a few extra outfits during a sale. We're talking mortgages getting delayed, utilities shut off, and even legal trouble in some cases. I routinely seeing people online discussing how they're not going to pay off their debts and they're just going to file bankruptcy. Like it's a casual natural thing to do. It seems like our overconumption culture is encouraging shopping addiction, especially with additions like buy now pay later, which spoiler is terrible for anyone that has issues with impulse control. When you, for example, want an expensive item, the price of that item hurts. One of the reasons why they price things as $9.99 instead of $10 is because it feels cheaper to the consumer. When you buy that $1,000 Beyonce ticket on buy now pay later, psychologically it's only $250, which is a much easier pill to swallow. When you have an impulse control disorder, you're never thinking about the pay later in the moment. So, you keep using these programs and stacking up microloans until you're completely underwater. Number two is emotional and psychological consequences. Shopping may start as a coping mechanism for emotions like stress, anxiety, or boredom, but research shows it quickly leads to a cycle of guilt, shame, and emotional distress. After the temporary high of a purchase, many people experience increased guilt, feelings of regret, self-loathing, and depressive symptoms. Some studies note that CBD often co- occurs with major depressive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, and even suicidal ideiation in severe cases. One study found that nearly 60% of individuals with CBD met the criteria for a comorbid mood disorder. Number three is social and interpersonal consequences. Many people with CBD report strained relationships with partners, family, and friends, lying or hiding purchases, loss of trust, isolation or withdrawal, and so much more. One study found that people with CBD will engage in deceptive behaviors to cover their spending, which can lead to major relationship conflicts. Couples fight over secret credit card bills. Friends stop lending money. family members try to intervene, it can really tear through support systems that people otherwise rely on. Now, let's dig into a few effective strategies and tips. The first is cognitive behavioral therapy or CBT. CBT is the gold standard for managing CBD and for good reason. It helps you identify the distorted beliefs and emotional triggers driving your spending behavior and challenges them in real time. Studies have shown that CBT significantly reduces compulsive buying behavior, especially when paired with behavioral homework like tracking spending urges and emotional states. Which leads me to my number two. Track your triggers and your spending. You can't change what you don't understand. Many people with CBD don't realize how much they're spending, why they're spending, or how often. Keeping a spending journal helps to illuminate these patterns. Number three is to build an emotional toolkit. Shopping is often a solution for something deeper. Sadness, loneliness, stress, insecurity. We don't just want to stop shopping. We want to start coping differently. So instead of shopping, try this instead. If you're bored, create a playlist. Go for a walk, play a game. Anxious? Try breath work, tapping, journaling, or exercise. Are you lonely? Call a friend. Send a voice memo. Go to a third place like a library or a community garden. Are you on a shame spiral? Practice self-compassion or affirmations like, "This urge doesn't divine me. I'm healing." This is about learning how to sit with feelings, not stuff them with stuff. Number four is to set up digital boundaries. So online shopping is designed to be addictive. The bright colors, the countdown clocks, the only one left messages, it all plays on your brain's dopamine system. Here are some practical steps to deal with this. The first is to unsubscribe from marketing emails. Delete shopping apps. Use browsing extensions like Stay Focused, Leech Block, or Freedom to limit access to shopping websites. Turn off buy now pay later options like CLA and Afterpay. Block shopping hours. So, for example, no scrolling after 9:00 p.m. And yes, even cancel that Amazon Prime if it's causing more hurt than it is helping you with anything. I said what I said and I've basically cancelled everything that would encourage me to spend more money. Number five is to get support. CBD is lonely. Shame isolates you, but healing happens in communities. Group treatment has shown efficacy in reducing shame and improving accountability. So, you may want to try Spenders Anonymous or Debb's Anonymous. And finally, create a return and recover ritual. If you bought the thing again, now what do you do? Well, instead of spiraling into shame, here's a couple of ideas. Pause and breathe. Ask, "What were you feeling?" Return it if you can, but without punishing yourself. Log the incident as data, not failure. And then use your recovery plan. Reach out, regground, recommit. Recovery isn't linear. Healing from compulsive buying isn't about becoming frugal to the point of misery. It's about learning how to feel what you feel without reaching for the next purchase. It's about building emotional muscle, reclaiming your power, and spinning in ways that feel aligned. That's it for this episode of ADHD. And if you love today's episode, be sure to check out our episode on ADHD and impulsive spending, where I break down what's really behind the sudden urges to spend money. If you struggle with managing shopping habits or have tips of things that have worked for you, let me know in the comments. This is part of building a supportive community. Thank you so much for joining me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnderstoodOrg [1 likes]: Connect with other women who "get it" in our support group on Facebook here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1272005780440477 
Do you ever feel like your shopping "self-care" is going too far? How do you keep it in check? Share your tips here.
  2. @JenniferCapretz [1 likes]: I struggle bad the even use my dads money a one I’m almost 60 and he is 89 I don’t know how to stop how to disconnect from shopping from happiness I’m isolating from friends and other family and I’m here if I loose him if I failed I on disability now I got hurt on the job so my income has come down
  3. @Velaenya [1 likes]: I love this series ❤ I love the idea of the return ritual
  4. @dianedesilva9643: This really summarizes so much in a short amount of time! I have ridiculous credit card debt, I don’t even know the amount but I will in three days. I also have been using the Buy now Pay later features and they have gotten me in so much trouble! What is helping me is starting my day every day with learning by listening to a podcast regarding shopping addiction and taking notes about things that I see in myself as well as reasons that I may have been doing this for my whole life! Additionally just making a plan to not shop for the month of January at all which I am very close to doing! Other things that I have done are right down the interest time paying every month! That was a real wake up call for me. Journaling is also helping and just setting a goal of financial accountability to myself! So this was not really a New Year’s resolution it was a plan for 2026 to reduce my debt and increase my cash flow. So far it is working! Wish me luck for February and know that this was one of the most helpful podcast I’ve ever listened to in identifying the problem solving the problem and not wasting my time! Thank you.
  5. @PeanutsDadForever: Excellent description of this issue. Well done! 🇦🇺👴🏻

- Can You Be Addicted to Shopping?? | Kati Morton: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everybody. Today, we're going to talk about shopping addiction or compulsive spending. What is it and how can we get help for it? Now I want to start out by defining what shopping addiction or compulsive spending is. And I'm going to read from my notes, The APA, meaning The American Psychological Association. Defines shopping addiction as an impulse control disorder that is described as, a compulsion to spend money without need or financial means. A pattern of chronic and repetitive purchasing. I think that's kind of important to understand because it's a compulsion. We've talked about in our ocd video, I'll link in the description if you want to know what ocd is or how I describe a compulsion. But it's that urge, or that impulse to do something. And so it's interesting to understand that they describe it as a compulsion to spend money, Without need or financial means. Meaning you don't have any necessity for the item and nor do you have the ability to actually pay for it It's interesting after reading a bunch of literature and blogs even, About people who struggle this and overcome it. The most interesting I found is that they say it has similar features to other addiction based disorders, But without an intoxicating drug. Meaning that all the similar behaviors and things that go along with addiction, Meaning secrecy, It could be lashing out at loved ones, It could be stealing, It could be finding other ways to get that addiction filled. All of those symptoms and signs are very very similar. If you're out there and you're watching this video, And you think that maybe you yourself struggle with shopping addiction or compulsive spending, Today I'm going to offer up seven signs. And by no means is a full comprehensive number of signs. These are just the most common with the research that I did, That I repeatedly saw listed. So see if any of these, They say three or more, But let's see if any of these are things that you struggle with. The first is shopping as a result of feeling upset, angry or disappointed. It's like a coping skill. I've talked about this a lot with regard to other mental illnesses, That we might use an eating disorder or self-injury as a way to cope, Or addiction right if we are going to drink if we struggle with alcohol abuse or alcohol dependence, We may seek out alcohol more under stressful or upsetting times. The second sign is not being able to go out without credit cards. There was a lot of talk about feeling naked without them, And frightened to leave the house without, Because what if I found something that I just had to purchase. And that would give people such intense anxiety. It's almost, I would assume like someone needing to get alcohol, And not being able to or not knowing when they could get their fix next. It could cause some inner anxiety and tension. The third sign is, Buying items that you can't afford. Like we talked about the description that the APA gives for shopping addiction, Is buying things you have no need or means to pay for. And so if you're buying things you actually can't afford, That's one of the signs. And the fourth sign is feeling guilt or lying about the money spent. And this is why it can be so detrimental to relationships, Because for lying to the ones that we love and hiding something that could potentially be really damaging, Debt can be really difficult and hard for families to overcome. If we're not telling about that, If they stumble upon it or realize it or get something in the mail a bill this can be really really difficult. And that's why there's a lot of guilt and shame associated with it. I've even had a friend of mine who struggled with shopping addiction, Who hid thousands and thousands of dollars worth of clothes from her husband in their basement, And then he would stumble, She'd slowly try to integrate them into her wardrobe without him noticing. Only for him to come upon one of her credit-card bills, and then that was just a huge ordeal to overcome. The fifth sign I want to talk about is, Spending a lot of time moving money around, And managing your money as a way to pay the minimum payments that are due. Often people who struggle with shopping addiction will have many credit cards, They'll have a credit card at Macy's, at Sephora, at Victoria's Secret, Anybody who allow you to open up a credit card at that particular company, Not to mention just mastercards, American Express, regular credit cards, They will have a bunch of them open. So a lot of their time is spent moving money from one bucket to the next, In order to be able to cover all of those minimum payments. And the sixth sign, And it kind of roll off of number four is, Fighting with others about your spending habits. Often spouses or roommates or people in our lives, Mothers, sisters, brothers, people who care about us, May have an issue with our spending habits. And we may have asked them for money and not be able to repay them. And so there's a lot of fighting and just tension in our relationships due to our spending habits, And a final sign that I want to talk about is, Losing control of your spending behavior. And I know that this is kind of all-encompassing, But I really want to touch on this because, Online shopping makes things available to us 24/7. We can save our credit cards in sites to make it even easier. So there's one less step we have to go through in order to hit purchase. And so because of the ease and having things that are fingertips, And I even personally get bombarded every morning, With a ton of emails about a sale here you get an extra 20% off there. I can't imagine if I was trying to stop spending, How hard that would be how triggering those emails and the ease with which we could purchase these days, Like how hard that would be for me. And that's why I think it's so important for us to get help sooner rather than later. Because shopping is so easy. It's right at our fingertips. And the debt accumulation can just grow and grow and grow, And cause us more and more unnecessary stress. I'm going to offer up five ways to get help if you struggle with shopping addiction. And as always if you have any other tips and tricks, Please let us know in the comments. Let's help one another work towards a debt-free happier, healthier life. The first tip for getting help is to track your spending for a month. Notice what you're spending on. How much. Often, when we struggle with shopping addiction. We just numb out. We don't pay any attention to how much we're actually spending. And so it's important for us to track it for a full month to see exactly where our money is going. What cost do we have that we can't get out of? And which ones can we maybe live without? And the second tip is, When you see something that you want to purchase, That thing that it sounds so good, And you find yourself getting that excitement that comes with shopping addiction. I want you to do yourself a favor and wait 30 minutes You how I have talked in other videos about creating space before we do something, Maybe it's self injury or acting out in any kind of eating disorder behavior or anything like that, I always say creating that space Those few minutes to give our brain time to kind of come out of that clouded high, Or impulsive thought. And instead be able to respond accordingly. And act in ways that maybe are healthier and happier for us. And the third tip just like we talk about with self-injury and eating disorder behaviors, Distract yourself. Keep yourself busy. Have things that you do. Go for walks, Maybe it's a fidget spinner, Maybe it's watching a show, Whatever you can do to keep your mind off of that thought of wanting to shop. Maybe it's giving someone your phone so it's not next to you. So you don't have as much access to it. Whatever it is, use your distraction tools. You know leave some in the comments if you can think of some. Use those so that we can not only create that 30 minutes of space, But then we can hopefully help ourselves forget about the item altogether. My fourth tip, Seek therapy. Shopping addiction, just like any other addiction, Is often a coping skill for something larger. Sitting down with someone, talking about it and figuring out what that bigger thing is, By working through that, may remove the need to shop at all. I find when we figure out what the root of the root of our issue is, That urge to do the unhealthy behavior whether it's shopping, drugs and alcohol, self-injury, eating disorders, Whatever it is It goes away because that reason doesn't exist anymore. And the fifth and final tip, And it's kind of one of the most obvious, And that's why I saved it for the end. Is to pay off your highest interest rate debt first. And to work with a debt relief company. There are a ton of debt relief companies out there, And I want you to read a lot of reviews and be very careful. There are a ton of sites that review all of the debt relief. Make sure that you never work with a company that asks you to take out more debt from them. Or consolidating at a higher rate. Be very cautious. But know they can really help. Know that there is help available. And if you're struggling. Like anything I talk about the sooner we reach out the better. I know there's a lot of shame and a lot of guilt and embarrassment that comes along with shopping addiction. But know that you're not alone, there are other resources available. There are therapists you can work with to help you. There are Shopaholics anonymous meetings, Just like AA. I will link in the description their sites. You can find one nearest to you. So just know that the sooner we get to help, The sooner we start talking about it, The better we will feel. So please check out the resources that I link in the description. And let us know in the comments what has helped you. Because as always, we're a community working together. And if you're new to my channel click here to subscribe. I put out videos twice a week, and you don't want to miss them, And I will see you next time. Bye! Subtitles by the Amara.org community

  Top Comments:
  1. @endlesskylieness [16 likes]: My shopping addiction got a lot worse when I had access to a large sum of money. I received an inheritance and went wild with it. Over the course of just a few months I spent thousands of dollars on clothes and home decor I ended up giving away. You can imagine the regret I feel now. I mostly buy used clothes off of sites like vinted and poshmark which lessens the guilt. I do shop a lot less than I used to and never allow myself to do it when I get the compulsive feeling
  2. @janinebean4276 [5 likes]: I’ve been struggling with ordering stuff online to deal with being stuck at home with my parents at 24 years old because of severe health problems including a sleep disorder and mental illness. I just found a therapist who says she can help me with my sleep disorder and it was honestly like a bubble burst and I could see my way out of my situation and I could see a path forward in my future. I had nothing to look forward to because I felt like I was never going to get better and I had nothing to do and nobody to talk to a lot of the time because I could barely hold a job and my friends aren’t here. It’s still hard but honestly it’s so much easier now that I have direction in my life and hope for the future. I didn’t feel like anything mattered and I couldn’t even care about debt because all I could handle was emotionally surviving the current moment. I had no faith in anybody to help me because I had been so thoroughly failed by my doctors, my therapists, my school, and I still don’t trust anyone to look out for me and have my back, because every medical advance I have had I have had to extract from doctors and none of them have ever thought about the bigger picture for me or took any kind of initiative. They all just wanted me out of their office for the next client ASAP. I have some hope now and it’s really life changing, I have a job that I love, and a plan to move forward and pay off my credit card, but temptation is still hard. I put all of my emails from shopping sites in a folder outside of my main folder, so I have to go look for them to get any information, not constant notifications. I deleted most of my shopping apps and turned off notifications. I make myself look at what I already have before I buy more things (I like makeup and skin care especially) and I’m focusing on using up what I have. And I’m trying to fill my time with productive activities that give me that sense of fulfillment and purpose that buying something and getting excited for it to arrive once gave me.
  3. @joeb.evrythngEclectic5571 [1 likes]: I'm going to get rid of my Internet and computers to combat Internet spending addiction.
  4. @sayitanywayjournal [1 likes]: It's gotten worse for me. As I go through the hardest depression of my life
  5. @ohhmyyken [1 likes]: Just paid off and closed my credit card.
  6. @karo1564 [1 likes]: Is there very often a comorbidity with an eating disorder? Like binge eating, emotional eating, etc. I noticed this in a few women around.
There is a saying that an addiction always comes  with another 2 along. Can you relate to this?
  7. @JUJU-._.- [1 likes]: I definitely have a shopping problem i go time and time again in and out of debt because I can't stop shopping i buy so much clothes yet i don't even wear it sits in my closet with tags for years till i give it to goodwill when I get bored of seeing it but then mean I have few free hangers so i feel an urge to fill the empty space i lie to my husband about what I paid for an item always make it $5,$20 less than the actual cost
  8. @Laciloulouuu [1 likes]: For me specifically, I’m not sure if this applies to others ,but  Sometimes it’s just the extreme rush of putting the item in cart etc and the excitement of potentially having something new.so if you struggle with this like I do, I do my best, after spending usually hours in any given store, from CVS to Macy’s-to just leave the cart somewhere unoccupied in the store and walk out-  That way you don’t have to deal with feeling the shame of putting the items back. Just wash your hands of the unneeded items and walk away. Or  if it’s not that type of store make sure you keep the receipt and this sounds silly but when you get home have the first thing you do is be honest with a partner or loved one and tell them how much you spent and hand them the receipt and ask them to return the items I’m not at the point where I can do it myself For those with a Shopping addiction of course this obviously takes a lot of work and a supportive person around you but I have found that again once I am home or done with the initial finding of the item and either purchasing it and or putting it in my cart the endorphin rush drops in a shorter amount of time then I originally thought would be the case and I am able to part with the items before I really grow attached to them .Again, this took practice and honesty and it works for me. Not here to judge,or say do this ,it will work-just offering a suggestion in hopes that maybe it will help someone going through what I know i and many go through! ♥️♥️♥️
  9. @alisonbrowning9620: yes, you can be addicted to shopping. I speak from experience. It can be as bad as drugs or drink as you can't afford to pay bills, rent and get in debt, then the clutter. I would say I now have shopping bulimia, I go through phases of buying, then the guilt ( a lot of guilt) so I purge and sell or donate stuff , then i buy again. It is like when i had bulimia 30 years ago.
  10. @Brazyondrugs: bruh i literally dream of shopping w a black unlimited card w no numbers on it
  11. @jamiekoger207: Debtors Anonymous changes lives. #solvency #12 promises & 12 traditions
  12. @Lovesucksss: Thank you
  13. @mormcqueen: Cleaning! Proactive and distracting 😊
  14. @ivornoiv: For a real addiction the tips are not really helpful. I am sorry. I know you are trying to help but this is a true issue, and delaying a compulsion 30 minutes does nothing to a fixated issue like this.
  15. @rebekahbarrow3157: i wish you were my therapist
  16. @Cindoro: My sis has this... she shops pretty much every day but her life is kinda a mess so it makes sense.
  17. @lunasnow9196: Thanks to eBay my fridge is empty ) :
  18. @carlahelin5203: Have you addressed compulsive gambling?
  19. @MobileDecay: I missed the video because I was ordering something from Amazon what happened? 🤔
  20. @pippimocha: I know that after i had a bad breakup with a friend who had been abusive I spent a lot of money needlessly. then my grandad died and I couldn't handle it and actually bought shit online during the after service of the funeral. and I keep doing this while under stress but then I found that by calculating how much I'm actually going to earn and what I need to put it towards, that I can then afford to spend at least a little bit on things like skincare that gives me a routine to keep my life stable but does cost around 200 for an around 1 to 2 year supply, whereas for several things I either loved or never used I've probably spent around 600

- How to Treat Compulsive Shopping: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm matt terrell of uncommon knowledge and welcome to how to treat compulsive shopping five steps to help your client escape the spending trap oscar wilde said i can resist anything except temptation it is easy to resist temptation when it's not there we can all eat sparingly and avoid refined sugar when we're stuck on a desert island now you might if you're as ancient as me recall those distant digitally unsimulating times before you can access your bank account at 2 am and smash the cache with a mere flick of your avaricious index finger and actually i'm so ancient i can recall not being able to shop on a sunday that's right actually not being able to buy stuff you know some shops didn't open all day which is a kind of historical horror story to tell young folk but now of course we have the luxury of being able to send ourselves to the verge of bankruptcy without the inconvenience of having to wait for these stores to open i suspect this increased opportunity and ease of spending is the reason compulsive buying has increased it does seem that it's more of a problem for young women if we check out reference one of the written article for this and reports estimate that it may affect around five percent of people in industrialized countries so shopping addiction compulsive shopping this may may not sound huge but it amounts to many millions of people who can't control their spending so take june i'll call her a client for example so june came to see me for a film session for uncommon practitioners tv and for almost two years she'd been coming home from work sitting on the couch and surfing for bargains and if you've seen the session you'll know she was spending up to a thousand pounds a month on anything and everything including nail varnish cleaning products stationery and shoes stuff that she didn't even particularly need i asked her where the buzz was and she told me she got a thrill from hunting for a bargain and a second buzz when the items were actually delivered to her home okay so it was a double dopamine hit but she got no pleasure from actually owning the items themselves in fact for the most part she didn't even seem to use them okay so it was purely the buzz of hunting and getting a bargain and having the goods delivered they were good for cultivating cobwebs and not much else these products she didn't use them the problem had in some ways changed over time as well she told me that she never used to send shoes that didn't fit her back but now she did send them back because she she's becoming more aware of her financial situation so the pattern had changed a bit i asked her what else her hard-earned money might be used for other than compulsive shopping and she told me she could spend it on her grandchildren or use it for experiences rather than just for diminishing the storage space in her home so here are five ways i helped june that you might find useful when treating clients not just for compulsive shopping but for any compulsive behavior in fact so number one when did it start and what is the need that it's trying to fulfill so june's bank account had been leaking cash through these splurges for three or four times a week for around two years so i asked her you know what happened two years ago and she told me that she'd begun to compulsively shop around that time uh when she'd started a new job so i asked her about the job and she told me it was extremely stressful and involved some horrible things but she couldn't tell me about or anyone about for confidential reasons so when i asked her if she tranced out or escaped when shopping she said that she did she really sort of recognized that always ask when out of control spending began and what if anything changed during that time so often a problem pattern is a sloppy and unconscious way of trying to meet a primal emotional need it's an unconscious attempt that you know trying to meet a need in june's case it provided a sense of escape from the realities of her job and a fleeting sense of meaning and excitement surfing for bargains felt meaningful because it felt as if she was completing a hunt or making a killing so to speak but what other needs might compulsive shopping be sloppily trying to fulfill number two what missing needs is the behavior seeming to meet so june told me without my even having to ask what she felt she knew was missing in her life i need to be connected to people more and also nature she said so we talked about how she might meet those needs in more legitimate ways because certainly june needed something real and fulfilling to replace the gap in her life that not compulsively shopping would create so once we got a sense of what might be missing and how the compulsive behavior might be hijacking that need then we can begin to work with our clients to find healthier and in june's case cheaper ways of meeting those needs so next we need to know exactly how the problem works so number three teach me how to do your problem so when working with any compulsive behavior i want to know what when it happens for how long and what makes it stop think about it this way why don't people just binge or spend forever what gives first energy levels stomach capacity bank balance or does the enjoyment finally evaporate so why does any behavior stop we need to help the client help us understand their problem to the extent that we could do it as well so to speak so we do this by asking them for the specific steps of the pattern in order almost as though asking for instructions how to do something and this does two things you know firstly it helps the client inhabit their observing self to see the pattern from the outside as it were and thereby begin to gain some distance from it start to detach from it a bit it also gives you the practitioner steps to use when doing inner work with your clients such as mindfulness or hypnosis in june's case i had her access each step hypnotically then i asked her to run the pattern out of order so we could begin to derail the pattern so helping the client detach from the problem pattern is really important and we can go further in that regard as well so number four remove the problem from the client's core identity as when treating any addiction we can begin to de-familiarize the compulsive shopping by placing it firmly outside of and separate from who the client is essentially it's much easier to detach from a behavior when it feels alien from who we really are so if a person wraps up their whole identity in being an addict how can they ever leave addiction behind because it's who they are the addiction has nested within their core identity to the extent that it's become who they are and we need to help extricate the pattern from the person so we might ask our client how the behavior pattern cons them into handing over their health or their cash or as with smoking for example sometimes their very life how does it con them how does it convince them our language then externalizes the pattern how does smoking lie to you what tricks does gambling play on you to convince you to throw money away how do massive corporations get you to finance their profits for nothing real in return how does that happen the use of metaphor can make this even more powerful and is perhaps one primary use of storytelling through the ages so with june i helped her detach from the pattern by suggesting that she had had enough of being pushed around electronically that she could bypass the muggers the pop-ups and stand up to see through all the manipulative sales techniques okay i used the age-old metaphor of the siren call suggesting that her bank account was being punctured and we need to stop the leak i also suggested rather bluntly that she no longer had to support huge online corporations they'd survive without her charitable donations as i framed them ultimately i wanted to detach june enough so that she could feel a sense of control in the moment each time it the out-of-control spending threatened to push her around into another needless purchase we can also use a bit of time travel so tip number five give them a sense of future past so i like to evoke that sense i think that we've all had of looking back at something and wondering what on earth did i see in her or him or why did that seem so important to me at the time it seems like nothing now so something or someone that seemed like the world impossibly attractive or compelling can come to seem in hindsight to be hardly worth any attention at all so most people have experienced something of this or at least understand the pattern of that so towards the end of the film session with june i evoked that pattern with her then had her hypnotically progress to a future point and looked back from that distant future and the out of control spending that used to play her as though it was something she'd left behind a long time ago as if how could i possibly have done that in this way we can help give the client a sense of having been free of the problem for a long time to the point where it feels normal to be free of it and they can barely understand how they ever did it at all and we could do this hypnotically so temptation is all around but when it subverts the fulfillment of our real needs and lays our potential to waste we need to find ways to master our impulses and we need to help our clients do the same so i hope you found that useful and if you did please hit like and subscribe and if you want to hear when my next video is published hit the notification bell below i'm martial of uncommon knowledge and if you'd like to subscribe to my email newsletter you can find it over at unc.com that's unk.com blog and thanks for watching [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Roscoethecat [7 likes]: My mother spent thousands of dollars buying junk out of catalogs.  Money she didn't have.  She got a six figure settlement as a result of a car accident.  That money was gone in six months. It finally stopped when she went into a nursing home.
  2. @randyrogers8568 [5 likes]: My ex-wife was a compulsive spender.  She spent the last five years of her life, broke, bedridden and suffering dementia.  She spent her hours watching QVC dreaming of all the things she wanted to buy but disappointed that she no longer had any money all.
  3. @glenandfriends9012 [4 likes]: Coupled with OCD Shopping is OCD getting rid of an item to create a reason to buy the exact same item, even when what you have works, isn't ugly, is just as clean and functioning as new item (e.g. get rid of a coffee table to buy another)
  4. @ginahanley5548 [2 likes]: My mother had a shopping addiction. She recently passed away and my brother and I are trying to sort through over 10,000 articles of clothing, and over 10,000 jewelry pieces worth $$$$$$$.  In the meantime, I have been struggling to put food on my table, pay my bills and live in a trailer park. I've always been good to my mom and had a good relationship, but she never offered to help me (I didn't ask) but instead chose to buy things.
  5. @MarkTyrrellUnk [1 likes]: 👉 Grab Your Free Therapist’s Toolkit
Get instant access to 40+ therapy worksheets, 5 eBooks, selected free hypnosis downloads, and more in our free app:
https://uncommonmail.com/worksheets-blog
  6. @deariedear88 [1 likes]: online shopping and convenience fast delivery made it worse
  7. @blanca-rodriquez [1 likes]: I've been a compulsive shopper for years, it is my longest addiction, the dopamine rush, the exciting moment, im so tired of it, im working on it, im here
  8. @nearly_reckless_nick [1 likes]: One problem with detaching your core identity from compulsive shopping is when it is tied to your primary social engagement and interpersonal connections. For example, if you see yourself as a member of a fandom or collector’s community, like the LEGO community, and you socialize in online forums or on YouTube with like-minded people, you may feel that you only stay with the group as long as you partake in acquiring new merchandise.
  9. @ericjones3146 [1 likes]: For me it feels like a hunter gatherer urge I am fulfilling. I hunt for the items and then I gather them. In caveman days this would probably serve me better. Today it takes up space and cost me money.
  10. @eriel7 [1 likes]: this was so eye opening
  11. @Lolli-n3x [1 likes]: My mother was a shopaholic and almost made me a shopaholic. 1 thing I did was to when I went shopping I would make list of what I liked and the price and then I would go home. if The rest of the week I kept thinking about that item that I could use it or would go in my wardrobe then I'd go out back and buy it.1 thing I realized was I didn't go back anything.
  12. @user-te7zz8mv3x [1 likes]: years ago when i first started working, i noticed that i compulsively bought books and cds!  i caught myself luckily and managed to talk myself out of such rash expenditures.  now 35 years later i find myself hoarding notebooks for journaling and boxes of materials for crafting!  

thanks for your tips.  i will explore the underlying problem and hopefully make use of my journals 😜
  13. @flufftronable: Sites like Vinted exasperate this.
  14. @clarkmay4819: The waste factor never seems to be a consideration to these people. They don't care about how the materials and resources that went into the items that they don't even use are totally wasted. It's pure selfishness.
  15. @StinglikeaBea: Hi Mark. How can I get in touch with you as I would like to get some help. I am very similar to June. I have started compulsive buy due to a traumatic event. Although alot of the stuff I buy is for work I do purchase stuff for myself that I really dont need.  Now I have this overwhelming sense of guilt.
  16. @aliciabodington: How can I fix my issues that I don’t know my purpose?
  17. @ewanski0848: Caffeine is a trigger for me, after my morning coffee I used to go online and buy gadgets I don't need.
  18. @darkshadowsx5949: there's been very few weeks in the last 6-8 years that i haven't bought something on either amazon, ebay, or alliexpress. 
the vast majority of it is things for projects i came up with to alleviate boredom. i haven't really struggled financially with it. its just been difficult to save money. 

i've been having to automatically transfer funds from a checking account to a savings just to get it out of the firing line of my troublesome index finger and its clicky mouse friend.
but that's not enough to starve off the beast. i dont increase the auto transfer amount when i get a raise so the gap between savings and spending money widens.
  19. @kendoug5722: Just like buying car parts and project cars
  20. @DawndPsalm91_1-16: My sister filed bankruptcy twice and she’s a flight attendant that makes alot of money.  It all goes back to CPTSD.  I’m so guilty of it and ashamed

- The Psychology Behind Shopping Addiction: Kind: captions Language: en a sucker for this you walk into the store with the shortlist and then you find yourself pushing our cart full of stuff alright it's a world of discovery just have remote so explains the psychology that influences how much money we spend in stores clinical psychologist dr. chloe carmichael says there are four reasons why we do it she gave it an acraman safe self-image accomplishment fear and escapism self-image we think that by having nicer things that will somehow become a better person the second reason I see many clients over shopping is because it gives them a sense of accomplishment somehow they think that by buying vitamins they've actually taken the vitamins another reason is fear many of us have a fear of not having enough and so we have a tendency to stockpile and finally escapism some people if they're having a bad day would be prone to taking it out on a shopping center Carmichael says many times it's a control and self-worth issue knowing we too can have that in the self-image area sometimes we think that by just having the types of things that we see other people having that we could somehow be more like those other people the good thing though there are ways you can stick to that shopping list dr. Carmichael says just think of the word scram or the ass is for self statements once you've really figured out why it is that you're over shopping you can have a simple statement so for example somebody who's shopping to try to puff themselves up a little bit would have a self statement like I am enough and then the C is for cash only many people find that by only bringing enough cash to get the things that they want to get they can control their spending that way return the items you don't need make an Amazon wishlist Carmichael says it helps fulfill that wanting need even though you don't physically have it and lastly money make sure you check your credit card and bank statements to see if you have enough to spend in Midtown I'm Jessica Formosa Fox 5 News

  Top Comments:
  1. @brianlash154 [24 likes]: Stuff
And things 
Born into the world without it
Leave without it
  2. @missnlahi [9 likes]: I stopped carrying a credit card, and very limited cash. I also don't use Amazon nor keep my credit card information stored on my phone. I
  3. @doggman824 [3 likes]: I have a shopping 🛍️ Addiction online and in person shopping.    But I plan on doing something about it.  And get it under control.
  4. @drewt2790 [3 likes]: The first problem is referring to it as "Shopping Addiction". There is no such thing as a " Shopping Addiction". There IS a compulsion to shop. Addiction and compulsion are not the same thing. Just as there is no "gambling addiction" or "sex addiction". These are ABSOLUTE FACTS. Anyone trying to tell you different it lying to push an agenda.
  5. @omegaman1409 [2 likes]: Used to buy everything photography. Things I never used just stuffed in some drawer.
  6. @shadrach6299 [2 likes]: I order things from Amazon to avoid driving around town looking for the items. There are items I can’t find in my small town stores
  7. @kungfoo-m4q [1 likes]: My aunt is a shopaholic.  Her and her family can't fit a car in their three car garage.  It's all stuff.
  8. @clarkmay4819: I'm a minimalist, so I only buy exactly what I know I'll use. Anything more would just be a burden.
  9. @Crimeeofficial: Shopping addiction
  10. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: For me art is more important than groceries
  11. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: I have no
problem with this spending and living with debts😊
  12. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: All lies😂
  13. @chrsitineadriaenssen6074: I don‘t like shops, prefer internet
  14. @ForHisGlory2: Role of relative deprivation
  15. @Jero1.3: 1:25
  16. @hollowgonzalo4329: I work part time at a store and there's a small handful of customers who probably spend more hour's there then myself.
One lady i think I've come across every last shift I've had for months now
  17. @jamiekoger207: Debtors Anonymous changes lives #solvency # 12 traditions & 12 promises
  18. @jamilawario7651: How do we treat shopping addiction
  19. @nostalgikcoffeeannie7556: You forgot because the person like material stuff like myself. i have an hyperfixation on design. So i often want to design with the new trend object or fashion. And i do have fear to need something. So i have my list of things i need to buy. But yes i know it's exaggerated and i will need to reduce my spending.
  20. @sagatuppercut2960: Please explain the psychology behind littering on the sidewalk.

- 🧠 Binge Eating and Dopamine Chasing – Can We Break the Cycle?: Kind: captions Language: en you may be fed up with all the contradictory advice out there about how to stop binge eating there's one Camp who are telling you you need to be eating more binge eating is associated with restrictions so don't restrict eat more eat when you have an edge to binge and it will calm down your eating will regulate and you will no longer have urges to binge and then there's another Camp who say this is an addiction this is to do with certain types of food hijacking our reward Pathways and we can't control ourselves around so what we actually need to do is to cut these Foods out because when we're no longer eating sugar let's say our cravings for them tend to reduce so this is the answer and here's how I want to pull those two together I think that there are actually two types of urges to binge one is like a primal urge it comes from the Hunger system right down in the base of our brain and these Primal urges can be triggered even when our bodies are full of food because it's monitoring how much you've eaten over a longer period of time so people often experience this urge these Primal urges when they come off a diet and they can also experience them when they are planning to diet because our brains anticipate so if they think restriction is coming even if it's not here yet it can ramp up those very Primal urges to eat that feel overwhelming and then it's hard to feel satisfied and you end up binging now with Primal urges often we do need to eat more that is the solution for for some people binge eating isn't even really the problem it's the solution to trying to restrict the problem for these people is actually restriction not binge eating but this isn't everybody so I did experience those Primal brain urges to binge cuz I was always trying to diet I just was never very good at it so I didn't really feel like the Restriction fully applied to me because I wasn't able to keep up any level of actual restriction and that brings me on to the second type of binge urge which is the one that is it's related to our dopamine systems it's that feeling we get when we're chasing chasing chasing it's that one more one more and and yet it never really feels like you hit that satisfaction point and then you just end up feeling too full and you feel a bit sick now if this is you and this is related to your dopamine systems chances are you will see this showing up in other places in your life so for me that looks like constant distraction this video was actually inspired because I feel like I've been in this kind of dopaminergic chasing system all week and it's shown up in my the way I'm distracting myself and my scrolling and even with food we live in a culture at the moment that has so many ways of trying to hijack this system so we see it on social media with scrolling reals are notorious it keeps us in that seeking Behavior it can show up with watching television gambling pornography all of these things are presented and packaged as well in a way to try to hook us in and once we're on that hook it's very hard to just pull ourselves off it because it actually hurts to break the dopamine cycle there's been a lot of talk recently about ADHD and many people are identifying as having ADHD and I do think a lot of these people do have ADHD and I think that some of those people are just they have dopamine systems that can be disregulated by our environment that we live in now and the difference with somebody whose brain has ADHD is that they can't just simply break the cycle right the brain is wired like this but for other people this is changeable and they don't even realize it because their behaviors because their dopamines all over the place and their behaviors that of somebody with ADHD they think I have ADHD and it's one of the reasons why in assessments it's so important that these symptoms go right back into childhood so I could say that I'm someone that as a child I used to read quite a lot and now I actually find it quite difficult to concentrate on reading a book I can do it sometimes not as much as I would like to because I think my brain has been changed by the way I consume information now and then the question becomes how do we break the cycle and this is what the people who are saying you need to give up sugar you should be eating all Whole Foods you need to stay away from all the foods that trigger this system that's what they're trying to do they're trying to show you a way to break the cycle the challenge is that if you're somebody especially with a history of dieting who has this Primal brain reaction to restriction cutting those Foods out yes might reduce the craving for them after the initial discomfort the craving for them does reduce but now your Primal brain might be getting agitated because it's perceiving it as restrict and at some point you get a primal brain urge and signals coming through now if you're someone for whom this doesn't happen and you want to cut out certain foods so as not to trigger this cycle with them go ahead but for me I often found that my binging became aund times worse after I just tried to cut something out now there is hope for those of us that have adaptable dopamine circuits now I think that's me I think I'm someone with a dopamine circuit that is vulnerable to being hijacked and previously years ago I might have described myself as someone who's got a bit of an addictive personality and I also have evidence of how I've been able to break the cycle at times I have shared before either here or on the podcast I'm not sure but I have shared before that one of the things that I used to do sometimes after a period of binging that would help break the cycle was I would have a day with no distractions where I wasn't listening to podcast where I wasn't watching TV and it was uncomfort comfortable cuz here's what it feels like when you are in a dopamine chasing cycle and you break it sometimes it can feel like you want to crawl out of your own skin and that that feeling that happens when you stop is part of the thing that drives you to continue the behavior because when you stop it's going to feel very uncomfortable if you think this is you around food you will see this cycle playing out in other areas of your life not just food because is a brain reward circuitry system so if it's only with the food chances are it's not this or not to the extent that I'm talking about so there is hope and so what I'm offering here is that in order for this not to rule your life around food you need to practice breaking the cycle but don't practice with food to begin with because if you practice with food you may end up in a fight with your appetite and triggering the other kinds of urges and you might be in a double whammy and then you're going to feel helpless and you're going to hate yourself for it hopefully not if you've been practicing self-compassion but I know many people are going to blame themselves for that so I did one thing last night that really helped break the cycle and I can feel it I feel different today so not last night the last two nights I've been struggling to get myself to bed because it's been uncomfortable to turn off distractions because I'm in I'm in like my cuz I'm in my craving brain so the two nights prior to last night I was in my bed scrolling before I went to sleep scrolling scrolling and going way past when I would normally turn out the light and so yesterday morning I was like why why am I doing this and I could see I was caught up in this chasing thing so I actually I messaged a friend of mine and I just I told her about it she's a friend who does have ADHD uh she gets it and I told her about it and I said I want to make a commitment to you tonight that I am not going on social media when I get into bed there was something about making sort of that intention and that commitment to another person that really helped me haven't had to use somebody all the time but it's making a commitment to go okay where can I break it where is this pattern showing up where I have the least resistance if you struggled with food for a long time and that feels like the big problem you're going to have the most resistance there least resistance might be scrolling on the phone it's going to feel uncomfortable but maybe you're less emotionally attached or not to what you're scrolling on your phone and it's being aware that it's going to feel very uncomfortable if you're anything like me like it feels so uncomfortable but when you know why you're feeling uncomfortable and you can say to yourself boy this feels so uncomfortable because I'm breaking this cycle then it can start to feel more possible to feel that so it's twofold really it's one recognizing that you're in this chasing cycle and two finding the weakest length the weakest place where you can break the cycle notice where it's playing out elsewhere because chances are your attention will be on the food if that's the most distressing piece for you here's the great thing with food because we play out our Cycles with food we can work on these Cycles in other areas of our lives and then it makes the food a little bit easier to manage so I I have a favor to ask and if you've been watching my channel for a while you'll know I don't do this I don't ask this on my channel cuz it's kind of annoying when YouTubers do this but if you are somebody who gets value out of this content if you would consider subscribing and also particularly like hitting the Bell icon below because what that does is it notifies you when I put a video up it seems to be that YouTube is penalizing this kind of content because it can't tell what is good content and what is misinformation so the more people that are notified about videos the more the video spreads and then YouTube will show it to newer people and hopefully people for whom this would actually help might find this content and if you don't want to do that that's absolutely fine too either way I hope this was helpful and I will see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @cleanstreak-app [13 likes]: The dopamine chase with food is SO real. What helped me was realizing that ultra-processed foods hit different receptors than whole foods - it's not about willpower, it's about the chemistry. Knowledge is power.
  2. @Dessienewshoes [8 likes]: Excellent. The dopamine and self compassion stuff hit me hard

Im an addict. Clean 3 years but the disease finds another way in. Food this time
  3. @TheBingeEatingTherapist [2 likes]: ➡ADHD and Binge Eating Group https://thebingeeatingtherapist.com/adhd-group-experience/
➡Self Compassion for Recovery Weekend https://thebingeeatingtherapist.com/self-compassion-weekend/
➡Your Intuitive Eating Blueprint Course: https://thebingeeatingtherapist.com/intuitive-eating-course/
➡Weekly binge eating therapy groups: https://thebingeeatingtherapist.com/group-therapy/
  4. @AvhinandanMahata [2 likes]: Ma'am thank you so much this video of yours didn't only tackle my question of binge eating but also a lot more especially when you said you used to read a lot as a kid but not as much now although you want to, that's me although I'm not as experienced as you I'm merely a nineteen year old but I've seen these patterns where the minds first response is food. I realised I'm not addicted to junk I'm just looking for that feeling of overwhelmingly fulfilled. My take away was to kinda look through my dopamine triggering activities and take it one step at a time.
Once again thanks a lot ❤
  5. @Aussie00 [1 likes]: I'm only 5 minutes in and I'm sitting on my couch in tears. I'm not lazy, I'm not a pig, I'm not less than others. 5 yes ago I was diagnosed with breast cancer and then a severe after effect of the chemo, which left me in chronic 24/7 debilitating pain. It would be so bad, I'd be bed ridden, crying, my son (who came home to care for me) would go and buy me a "treat" something to cheer me up, a cake, crisps, something nice, this was understandable, even the doctors recommended it......until!!! The pain stayed, drugs helped but not completely but the treats kept a comin', they've became a permanent thing & then before l knew it, I'm 40kgs heavier & unable to exercise regularly. I don't eat because I'm hungry,  l eat these 'treats' because they make me feel better. Listening to you l see I'm not lazy, I'm not just a big, fat pig, I'm not 'less' than other people..... I have an addiction ❤
  6. @cashierssmile [1 likes]: I don’t think that there was a time in my childhood where I wasn’t overloaded with dopamine. So I have no clue if it’s ADHD or a Dopamine chasing thing
  7. @TheMarla112 [1 likes]: For me its the act of eating itself. Of course i crave bad food butnits more about eating itself not the food.
  8. @Tracyfanslife: This is so spot on accurate it is unreal. Thankyou for this advice, I seriously greatly appreciate it. Out if all of the bad habits and habits in general my brain has kicked to the curb, even after a severe brain injury THIS ONE is a literal nightmare for me to get rid of... for real haha, it's like when these ADHD cravings for refined carbs of sugars (mostly just when I run out of things to do) it has just been miserable dealing with it. AND WHAT'S TERRIBLE IS, you KNOW 100% that you are going to feel absolutely terrible afterward, especially with the "short circuiting" feeling you get afterward. The whole "Next more/day after the craving and you give in your brain basically stops working and you can't focus on anything for more than 10 seconds"... yea that one. Even despite this your brain is just ravenously clawing for dopamine it is crazy like a wild animal.. lol seriously thankful for this advice. Have began implementing it and it is working. It also help's (if you can push very hard) to just start something, anything. Even some music. Anything haha this one is a serious demon to knock wishing everyone with ADHD well. Matter of fact reach out too me if you'd like, my handle everywhere is my username here so yea. This craving is a lot easier to knock with a circle.
  9. @RosemaryMontalvo-i8s: Even when I cut out distractions for a day, I still feel the URGE to eat for no reason
  10. @manushakable: Hey ! I’m so happy YouTube algorithms suggested this video .. I wanted to find person who shares the same view on ADHD caused by our envioronment  ! Also I noticed that making commitment helps me to stick to my decisions .. but it should be somebody you respect and love , in my case it works perfectly when I do commitment to God .. 🤷‍♀️
  11. @kimrose80: Unless I am misunderstanding, it sounds like you’re saying there is no hope to easily stop cravings and binge eating if you have ADHD..Only if you have a neurotypical brain..
I was looking for some hope to stop the insatiable food cravings and despite to eat constantly..
  12. @priscillaanderson2949: Very very helpful! This described me so much!
  13. @Ogre6972: Ditch. The. Gluten. I cannot stress this enough. Not to sound like a shill for the dude, but I used to think Dr. Peter Osborne was just "another YouTuber with a theory"...until I accidentally removed gluten from my life. I started noticing some serious improvements in all aspects of my physical and mental health, and did some heavy reading on the subject. I found that all the things that were improving in my life, Dr Osborne linked to gluten consumption...including pretty much EVERYTHING I am reading here in the comments. Check out his channel and see for yourself. I can't guarantee that ditching gluten will solve all of your problems, but give it a try for 30 days and see how you feel/what changes. What have you got to lose? That time is going to pass anyway, so why not try to feel better while it does?
  14. @jessicapark3669: So good
  15. @Aussie00: New sub here, l found yr info very beneficial to me & so easy to understand. ❤
  16. @1ireneaustin: I asked a therapist aboit this and they knew nothing about it
  17. @lowrider692000: Thankyou Sarah I failed last time I left a message but having another go today ...
  18. @Neo-t2g: Ur fire
  19. @weebstersnation2968: People with healthy relationships with food? Yes, I genuinely envy them. 

I'm trying to lose 15 kg in 2 months , and i just binged 10 shrimp dumplings. I felt happy for 10-20mns but the next is instant regret and bloating . I want to cry. 
My urges for my favorote food is strong and I'm just too weak, but I want to see myself win , you know?

Advise from people to stop binging are definitely welcomed. 

 Take note: I tried: one meal a day,intermittent fasting, water therapy 2 days max , motivational quotes, reading/watching as distraction..I'm lost
  20. @henrike34: This is such useful information and You have gorgeous eyes

- Dopamine Fasting 2.0 - Overcome Addiction & Restore Motivation: Kind: captions Language: en hi After Skoolers, i'm Brandon from the YouTube channel, One Percent Better better and you're watching this because you want to overcome your addictions and restore your motivation. Let's get to it. We live in a world that is designed to stimulate our emotions. Every advertisement food product and social media post is geared to give us a short rush of pleasure, which is followed by an emptiness and a craving for more. Big companies are able to leverage our cravings and make trillions of dollars off of keeping us addicted. If you don't have a plan for yourself you will be at the mercy of companies who will play on your impulses to control you like a puppet. You will sacrifice your free will searching for happiness in a maze that's designed to keep you lost. Studies show that on average people use their smartphones for about 3 hours per day. That's 1095 hours every single year. Thankfully there is a way to regain control over your impulses and take your power back through a practice called dopamine fasting. What's that you say? Well first we need an understanding of dopamine. Dopamine is a brain chemical associated with wanting. according to Loretta Breuning author of 'Habits of a Happy Brain', dopamine is triggered by new rewards. That's why the first lick of an ice cream cone is heaven. 10 licks later your attention wanders you start thinking about the next thing on your agenda and the next you still love the ice cream but you don't feel it as much because your brain doesn't see it as new information. Your brain is already looking for the next great way to meet your needs. However, with video games and porn sites and social media your brain always has the next thing to be excited about because they are engineered to trigger constant dopamine release I'm sure you are familiar with the feeling of wanting to make the day productive only to look up at the end of the day and realize you spent four hours mindlessly scrolling through Instagram and checking notifications. You waste time, feel bad about yourself and things that used to excite you no longer excite you like they used to. That's where dopamine fasting comes in dopamine fasting is the idea that if you avoid a dopamine stimulating activities for extended periods of time you'll be able to reset your brain and let go of addictive behaviors that negatively impact your life it's commonly misunderstood as reducing dopamine but that's not true dopamine is necessary to function as a healthy human being. Dopamine fasting exploded in interest in October 2018 and gained even more interest a year later after Dr. Cameron Sepah published an article on medium titled the definitive guide to dopamine fasting 2.0 the hot Silicon Valley trend. Dopamine fasting 2.0 is better defined. it's based on cognitive behavioral therapy it's about reducing impulsive behavior not reducing dopamine itself and it doesn't encourage you to act like a full-blown monk who abstains from all forms of pleasure so what is the science behind dopamine fasting 2.0 well as mentioned before it's based on cognitive behavioral therapy or CBT CBT is an evidence-based practice and prescribed by thousands of professionals worldwide for changing behavior CBT solutions based on stimulus control can help you reduce a probability of engaging in addictive behaviors for example when your phone plays your SMS ringtone you pick up your phone and tap to open the message the ringtone is a stimulus and opening the message is the behavior here are two solutions number one remove the stimulus by putting your phone in another room or disable notifications or to engage in an activity that is not compatible with reading your phone like swimming another solution is exposure and response prevention or ERP for example you see an attractive girl on Instagram you fill your heart rate increase and your body tingle so you run to your bedroom hop under the sheets and masturbate into a deep sense of regret and worthlessness sinks in by applying ERP you would frequently look at attractive girls on Instagram but refrain from masturbating I know it's difficult but you can use a technique called urge surfing which is essentially being mindful for a few minutes bring your attention to where you feel the urge in your body and simply be with it describe what the sensations feel like when you are done thank yourself and set your intention for what you will do next in your day this will become easier over time and you'll likely feel a sense of accomplishment now at this point you might be wondering does dopamine fasting really work to manage your addictions if by dopamine fasting you mean reducing a dopamine levels the answer is no but if you mean dopamine fasting 2.0 based on CBT like we just learned then yes an analysis of a hundred and six studies concluded that in general the evidence base of CBT is very strong but how does dopamine fasting help restore your motivation well sharp or prolonged increases in dopamine levels can reduce the amount of dopamine receptors in your brain dopamine fasting may help increase the amount of receptors you have through a process called up regulation the more dopamine receptors you have the less stimuli it will take to achieve the same amount of pleasure if you don't eat processed sugar for a month a single blueberry could give you the same amount of pleasure as your favorite ice cream so how do you dopamine fast there's two steps in step 1 identify the behaviors that are causing you distress impairment or addictiveness 6 common impulsive behaviors are emotional eating internet and gaming gambling and shopping thrill and novelty seeking recreational drugs and porn and masturbation in step 2 follow a dopamine fasting schedule for example let's say you want to reduce the amount of time you waste on your phone you would refrain from using your phone for 1 to 4 hours every day 1 day per week one weekend per quarter and one full week per year start small and gradually increase the amounts of time you spend away from your phone these are guidelines not concrete rules follow a fasting schedule that works for you so now you know how to dopamine fast but you may find it difficult to do keep watching because I'll share some tips that might make it easier for you to overcome your addictions and that have so let's talk about routine and reward replacement imagine that you have a bad habit of going to the cafeteria to buy a coke every day every time you drink the coke you feel bad afterwards and end up gaining weight so you decide to do a dopamine fast instead of drinking a coke every day you try to only drink a coke every two days but you find this difficult according to charles jigs book of the power of habit here's what you can try instead number one identify the behavior the behavior is the activity in this example it's getting up walking to the cafeteria buying a coke and drinking it next identify the reward you're craving a craving drives our behavior and rewards are what satisfied a craving so ask yourself why you turned to coke at the cafeteria are you thirsty do you want a sugar high a moment to step away from your work you desire social interaction at the cafeteria then experiment with four to five different rewards on one day you might drink a bottle of water if after 15 minutes you're craving has subsided then it could be you've just been thirsty but got into the bad habit of drinking a coke instead another day you might go for a walk and call a friend if after 15 minutes the craving has subsided then it could be that you've just been craving social interaction after each different activity you try write down how you feel after a number of days or weeks look for patterns to see which reward is the one you are truly craving let's say you discover that the reward is the sugar higher you get from drinking the coke the next step then is to identify the trigger what triggers your craving for a sugar high is at the time of day is it seeing someone else drinking a coke is it seeing a youtube video advertisement is it because you ate something it can be difficult to identify the trigger but thankfully science tells us that triggers usually fall into five categories they are location time and emotional state other people or the immediately preceding action let's say you discover that your trigger is time based because it always seems to happen around 3 p.m. every day regardless of how you feel where you are or any other this once you've identified the behavior reward and trigger you will likely feel a sense of empowerment that you can change your habits so the final step is to make a plan when 3 p.m. comes around consciously choose a healthy behavior that delivers a reward you are craving in our example it's the sugar high make the conscious decision to go to a nearby juice bar to grab your favorite organic juice instead of a coke I work from home so one of my favorite things to do is to stock my fridge with cans of flavored fizzy water with natural lemon flavors I get the same reward of having a Coke but without the bad stuff if you liked this video then consider checking out my channel 1% better where I create animated summaries of life-changing books thank you after school for having me and thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnePercentBetter [2700 likes]: Thank you for having me After Skool! I've been telling all my friends how excited I've been about this collaboration. I can't think of a channel that's closer in alignment with our values so I'm stoked to be part of this. We are moving in to more spiritual and consciousness raising videos in the near-future (think Alan Watts and Terence McKenna). See you around After Skoolers and thank you again for watching! -Brandon
  2. @JavlonbekSoyibjon [2 likes]: People are still not realizing how those social media companies killing millions of teenagers lives with their technology. If bank steals your 10 $ from your account, you can sue them but If Instagram steals 10 hrs of our lives everyday, can't do anything but blame ourselves. I hate 21 century
  3. @shumokh1993 [1 likes]: I am on my phone 16 hours a day Every single day And I’m 19 and I’m throwing my life away. I’m not studying or anything all because of my addiction.  I feel like device addiction is the worst type of addiction cause nobody knows you’re dealing with it.
  4. @aletrip642: If you should avoid thrill for a dopamine fast, should I avoid to ride motorcycles? I have read that riding them can have mental benefits
  5. @andyfaimon8473: ❤❤❤
  6. @SaraJungPsychology: this video found me at exactly the right time on a saturday evening lmaooo the part about dopamine baselines being lowered by constant stimulation... why did no one teach us this in school bro
  7. @Dannlemon: Quisiera que esto estuviera en español, se ve interesante):
  8. @almaisaks: Dopamine Fasting 2.0 - Overcome Addiction & Restore Motivation
  9. @z9396rockatlanta: #usecaution
  10. @RickyLavigne: 🙏
  11. @chelseadaley9770: Not most other people have been trying to not be on any kind of electronic devices but it’s so hard
  12. @Ladybird-XYZ: I literally turn the phone off and go do stuff :)
  13. @The_missing_wolf: ya lost me at 4:00 😂🤣 lol ya nasty mfer🤣
  14. @iridescentpinc: 3:55 mmm sure am loooooovin the imagery here! 🫩
  15. @iamthewelcher: Mark, I'm Not sure if you already have, but I believe that many people(myself included) and their children could benefit GREATLY, were you to release something very similar, geared directly towards kids!! Much love❤
  16. @ВаряКускова: Really common issue nowadays. Thank you for your video its really well drawn and nicely explained
  17. @Jawwssshh: the problem is the steps is so much work, brain doesn’t want to do anything proactively
  18. @realdragon: I would rather stand and stare at a wall than watch this video, which I'm gonna do
  19. @snowty96: what a useless informationless video i have seen.

"how to cure dopamine addiction?"
"Stop doing what gives you dopamine"

I hope you are not a psychologist or somehting.
  20. @Shelebekman: Thank you for the toppic❤

- Improve Your Baseline Dopamine for Motivation & Drive | Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en If we are going to feel motivated at all, that is, if we are going to wake up in the morning or have any period of time during our day in which we feel like we are capable of pursuing goals, we are going to have to have a healthy level of baseline dopamine. In other words, we are going to have to have enough dopamine in the wave pool, enough water in the wave pool, that is, before we can generate any waves or peaks in dopamine, let alone troughs and the rest. So how do we achieve a healthy baseline level of dopamine? Well, there we can really look to some foundational practices, practices that perhaps you've heard about on this podcast before, and that to some of you might seem a little mundane, although some of them are a bit more sophisticated, maybe even esoteric. The good news is that we can all control these things, and they don't require purchasing anything, but they do require some degree of regular upkeep and effort. Those things include what I call the very basics. Now, the very basics, put in the context of today's discussion, are the things that put water in the wave pool. Those are going to be getting sufficient amounts of quality sleep each night, something that we've done several episodes on, and then have online toolkits for us. You can see the "Master Your Sleep" episode, the "Perfect Your Sleep" episode, the "Light and Health" episode. If you want to skip all that and just get right to the tools, we have a sleep toolkit, or it's actually called the Toolkit for Sleep, that you can access at hubermanlab.com. Completely zero cost. You just go there and download that toolkit. Getting sufficient sleep each night literally restores your dopamine reserves. It allows dopamine to be present and for you to have a level of baseline dopamine that will allow you to even consider your goals in any kind of meaningful or reasonable way. Second, there are practices that are supported by the scientific literature to increase your baseline level of dopamine that are independent of sleep but are similar to sleep. And I like to refer to these as non-sleep deep rest. This is not meditation. There's actually very little evidence that meditation of the traditional kind of, you know, sitting, eyes closed, focusing on your a third eye center, which is this area behind your forehead. There is very little evidence that that increases levels of dopamine. There is a place for meditation in the context of today's discussion. But I'll repeat. Meditation itself is a focusing exercise. It is not known to increase dopamine. However, non-sleep deep rest, so-called NSDR, very similar, although different to what's sometimes called yoga nidra, which is where you lie there, you do a sort of body scan, some long exhale breathing. NSDR is very similar. You can find a link to a zero-cost NSDR on YouTube. It's a 10-minute-long one. There are also 20 and 30-minute ones out there also on YouTube, but I'll provide a link to the 10-minute one. Those have been shown to increase the amount of dopamine in your dopamine reserves by up to 65%, which is a remarkable number. So quality sleep, non-sleep deep rest, aka yoga nidra, very powerful ways to keep your baseline level of dopamine at a sufficient level. In addition to that, nutrition, no doubt, plays a role in your baseline level of dopamine because tyrosine, the amino acid, is the rate-limiting enzyme for the synthesis of dopamine. Tyrosine is present in varying levels in different foods. You can look those up online. You just simply put in a search for tyrosine levels in different foods. Everything from particular cheeses, like, Parmesan cheese has high levels of tyrosine, certain meats, certain nuts, certain vegetables. Without getting into details and specifics, you can find those there. But you need proper nutrition and, therefore, nutrients, in particular tyrosine, in order to have sufficient levels of baseline dopamine. The third thing on the list, and again, these are things that we come back to almost every episode, but I don't think they can be repeated enough because these are really things that we need to focus on every 24 hours. You might be able to skip a day here or there if you get sick or you're traveling, or you have some major life event. But really every 24 hours, we need to re-up our sleep. We need to re-up our nutrients. Even if you're fasting, you're re-upping your nutrients from stored sources within your body. The third thing is sunlight. Morning sunlight in particular. I've done extensive episodes about this. Check out the episode on "Lighting your Health" if you want all the details. But you want to try and view sunlight as early in the day as possible, five to 10 minutes on a clear day, minimum, 10 to 20 minutes on a cloudy day, minimum, 20 or 30 minutes on a very overcast day, minimum. Without sunglasses, don't stare at the sun. Please don't damage your eyes. Look off slightly off from the sun. But yes, you want to face the eastward towards the sun. And on those cloudy days, that's especially important to do. Why? Well, viewing morning sunlight increases cortisol early in the day, which is excellent because you want cortisol elevated early in the day, and you want it lower later in the day. And because of the relationship between the cells in your eye that sense sunlight, specifically morning sunlight, believe it or not, that happens, and signal to your hypothalamus and the relationship between the hypothalamus and the pituitary and other endocrine organs, it sets in motion a dopamine-related cascade in neuromodulators, dopamine, and hormones that lead to states of wellbeing, elevated mood, alertness, etc., throughout the day. It also helps your sleep at night. But today we're talking about dopamine. So yes, believe it or not, that morning sunlight exposure does increase your levels of dopamine, not just cortisol. And fourth on the list is going to be movement, exercise of varying kinds. It could be resistance training. It could be cardiovascular training. That does increase levels of dopamine. Here we're not talking about achieving peaks in dopamine. That could be accomplished through setting a personal record, a PR, or through sprints or heavy lifts or learning some new dynamic movement. What we're really talking about here is getting into a regular exercise program of, if not every day, at least five days a week, a mixture of cardiovascular and resistance exercise, that we also know is known to elevate and maintain an elevated level of baseline dopamine. So it's not just about the euphoria you feel during or after exercise. It's also about the baseline level of dopamine that's achieved through regular movement and engaging in movement. And if you're asking, "How could that be?" Well, you already know the answer. The circuits in the brain and body that generate movement, not just goal seeking, but movement itself, as I mentioned earlier, that nigrostriatal pathway. And yes, that circuit is separate from the VTA nucleus accumbens to cortical circuit, the mesocortical circuit that we've mainly been focusing on today, but they interact. And so by engaging in regular movement, you ensure that you're maintaining elevated levels of baseline dopamine, which is what you want if you're going to be able to engage in any kind of motivated pursuit behavior of any kind. So those are the fundamentals that will set the level of baseline dopamine in your system. A couple of key points. Yes, there is variation based on both genetics and circumstance in baseline levels of dopamine. If someone's going through a particularly hard time, or if somebody inherited a gene in the dopamine synthesis pathway that simply affords them higher levels of baseline dopamine, we likely know these people. They seem hyper motivated all the time, not just based on prior success, but they just seem to have a lot of energy and a lot of go drive. You know, you talk about activation energy, some of you may know what that term means. Others of you won't. Having low activation energy is great. I mean, the amount of energy that it takes to get into action to pursue adaptive and meaningful, healthy goals. Some people just seem to have lower activation energy, and higher levels of dopamine are probably associated with that. Some of us have lower Regardless, everyone needs to engage in the foundational things that I just mentioned a few moments ago, every 24 hours, or at least strive to. There is no escaping that. [MUSIC PLAYING]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [637 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Leverage Dopamine to Overcome Procrastination & Optimize Effort.” The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/K-TW2Chpz4k
  2. @cullinmccartie5409 [1 likes]: You’ve helped me with a lot of things, but my sleep and recovery have been the most deeply impacted. These days I wake up around 6 to 630 do some yoga stretches, meditate for 10 minutes and then get outside as the sun’s beginning to rise to read and get that light in my eyes. This has done absolute wonders for my energy throughout the day and while I’m still working on being consistent with my nighttime routine (watching the sun set & limiting light and food close to bedtime), my morning one has become solid and great.
  3. @TheAuditIndia [1 likes]: This framing helped me a lot — thinking of motivation as a system instead of willpower. Dopamine being about anticipation, not pleasure, explains so much.
  4. @subjektivegaming: I used THC until I got tested by the police so to keep my license I stopped smoking now my life is flat, nothing gives me pleasure anymore :( it's just work/home nothing else
  5. @ascendantmale: the part about raising baseline dopamine through movement instead of just cutting stuff out actually clicked for me?? like i've been doing the whole "no phone in the morning" thing but never understood the actual mechanism behind it until now lol this is why i love huberman he actually explains the why
  6. @sonalagarwal724: Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Yoga nidra is a miracle. Slept like a babyyy after really really longg
  7. @zachhbtww: goat
  8. @happyjane791: Can this information be used in a person with Parkinson's disease?
  9. @vickipedia3253: Simply do an AOL Course 
AOL (Art Of Living) it will cure all mental issues
  10. @vickipedia3253: Horrible that you speak with such authority on meditation not generating enough dopamine. 
Meditation is even more important than breathing air!!  It’s that important for your life. The kind of meditation you are talking about is not easy particularly for westerners. But there is another kind - where you are extraordinarily attentive towards your breath, your thoughts and feelings- you are observing them like a spectator is seeing something for the FIRST TIME!!! That kind of attentive observation. It’s simple but very very hard. Concentration is NOT meditation. 

Learn meditation directly from Buddha (J Krishnamurti) himself. Watch his videos, read all his books and thank me later!!!!

I am 55 years old and have been a follower of 
J Krishnamurati since age 11 
Meditation is EVERYTHING!!! Unless you know it, you continue to talk the way you did!!
  11. @internetescapee7950: You missed one. Playing Pokemon all day all night, the card game, vcg, pokemon go, pokemon unite, pokemon scarlet and violet, and buy the merch. That’s a good one.
  12. @Crcvmbdfl: how to correct/solve chronic insomnia?
  13. @verbatim1144: Couldn't leave it on 666 👹Comments... 😎
  14. @Breathflowconnection: The connection between dopamine and voluntary discomfort is something most people overlook when they talk about motivation. Cold water immersion increases dopamine by 200 to 300 percent and unlike caffeine or other stimulants, the elevation stays for hours without the crash. But the deeper principle is what matters. Euphoria is intimately related to dysphoria. You need to experience genuine stress to appreciate what you have. When you put positive stress on yourself every morning through breathwork or cold exposure, you train your system to generate its own dopamine through effort rather than consuming it through cheap hits. I have facilitated hundreds of breathwork and cold exposure sessions and the pattern is consistent. People who commit to a daily practice of voluntary discomfort stop needing external stimulation to feel motivated. Their baseline shifts. The cold does not make you tough. It teaches you that you already have the capacity to generate the energy and focus you keep outsourcing to substances and screens. That is the real dopamine reset.
  15. @陳雨柔-k6b: 謝謝！
  16. @Greatattractor123: Thank you ❤
  17. @Biosolas: Andrew get your facts right _ there is one Meditation, which is even better than Yoga Nidra in increasing dopamine production and that is _ TM ( transcendental Meditation) 

Several peer-reviewed studies indicate that Transcendental Meditation (TM) and other meditative practices can significantly increase the production and release of dopamine, a neurotransmitter associated with pleasure, reward, and focus. 
Phuket Island Rehab
Phuket Island Rehab
 +1
Key Scientific Findings
Direct Increase in Release: A landmark study published in Cognitive Brain Research (2002) used PET scans to demonstrate a 65% increase in endogenous dopamine release in the ventral striatum during meditation. This was the first in vivo evidence linking meditation to synaptic neurotransmitter regulation.
Metabolic Changes: Early research by Bujatti and Riederer (1976) published in Psychosomatic Medicine found that the practice of TM specifically boosts serotonin, dopamine, and GABA levels.
Neurochemical Balance: Recent reviews suggest that TM promotes a state of "neurochemical harmony" by increasing dopamine and serotonin while simultaneously reducing stress hormones like cortisol and norepinephrine.
Mechanism of Action: The increase in dopamine is often associated with a "reduction in readiness for action" and heightened sensory imagery, characteristic of the deep restful state achieved during meditation. 
SciELO Brazil
SciELO Brazil
 +6
Reported Benefits of Increased Dopamine from TM
Improved Focus: Higher dopamine levels are linked to sharper cognitive performance and better attention management.
Emotional Well-being: The dopaminergic increase contributes to a sustained feeling of pleasure and reduced anxiety.
Addiction Recovery: Some researchers suggest that meditation can provide a "natural high" without the subsequent crash, potentially helping to regulate the reward systems disrupted in addiction. 
SciELO Brazil
SciELO Brazil
 +3
Would you like to explore how these neurochemical changes specifically affect long-term practitioners compared to beginners?
  18. @kirashnikov: How long does one have to practice yoga nidra to get that benefit? In a different episode Huberman cited a study that measured effects of yoga nidra for over an hour....that's not a sustainable daily practice.
  19. @alexanderwindh4830: There's is no reliable study that shows yoga nidra (as huberman named NSDR) - increases dopamine in a practical way)
  20. @akhi-ameen: Quality sleep (1:07): Sufficient and restful sleep restores dopamine reserves, enabling you to pursue goals meaningfully (1:31).
Non-Sleep Deep Rest (NSDR) (1:55): Practices like Yoga Nidra, which involve body scans and breathing exercises, have been shown to increase dopamine reserves by up to 65% (2:45).
Proper nutrition (3:06): Consuming foods rich in tyrosine, an amino acid essential for dopamine synthesis, is crucial (3:09). Examples include parmesan cheese, certain meats, nuts, and vegetables (3:26).
Morning sunlight exposure (4:09): Viewing sunlight early in the day for 5-30 minutes (depending on cloudiness) helps increase cortisol, which in turn sets off a dopamine-related cascade that elevates mood and alertness (4:44).
Regular exercise (5:30): Engaging in a consistent exercise program, including both cardiovascular and resistance training, elevates and maintains baseline dopamine levels (5:51). This isn't just about the euphoria felt during or after exercise but also about the sustained baseline increase (6:08).

- Dopamine Overload Anthem ⚠️ “Scroll ’Till I Rot” Remix: Kind: captions Language: en I feel amazing [Music] of the selfhate. Woke up late in a room of wires. Brain go soul expired. Too much scream, too much fake. Still got drip, still got ache. Fed on memes and marketplace hope. Free trial peace with a monthly co. Thought I healed but it was cap. Meditation app that made me relapse. New tab, new mask, new god, same crash, still look high, still feel trash. Brain on fire, heart on dash. Scroll till I shove till I break. Close my smile, mask my ache, punch that head, numb that thought, lie to myself with the piece I scroll till I boost my name. Fake that wind and chase that flame. Dopamine king, serotonin shot. I'm the coach that your car. Vibe check fail, but I pass the grid. Fed my soul through a target at bitid. Sleep's a myth and truth's a trend. They sold the cure in a loop again. Preaching grind, but I'm on my ass. Burn out cheek with the dopamine pass. Zombied out and designed a pain. Still dead inside. Still run the game. Do I feel good now? Just distracted. Do I feel alive? Only when I crash it. Scroll till I ride. I'm built for the feed. Pray to the cloud and forget I bleed. Chase that high, fake that wind. Buy myself back just to sell again. Scroll till I ride. I upgrade my glitch. Cry in the club while I look rich. No peace found, just dopamine. I'm the god of the godless screen.

  Top Comments:
  1. @leif1075 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing nice beats. Are you open to collaborating at all?

- I Lost All My Friends: Here's What I Learned: Kind: captions Language: en what is up you guys welcome back to the channel it is your girl Serena back again with another video in today's video I will be discussing something that is very very very personal to me I don't think I've gotten this personal with anyone I've lost all my friends and here's what I've learned from that before we begin grab your tea I've got mine I'm spilling some tea once again all right let's talk about the friends that I used to have so I met this person in college I walked up to this person we had the same classes I had a question and she responded and I noticed that she was very bubbly and I was like you know what that's pretty cool because anyone that knows me I'm very very bubbly when she just started laughing I took that as okay we're communicating with each other through our laughter sounds so awkward and odd ever since then we clicked in that time we've started to fantasize guys about where we would be in 10 years down the line we would say we'll be somewhere in the island or we'll have this big mansion we'll be visiting each other's homes probably relaxing drinking our panina coladas and I actually envisioned that I was like yo you know what I found that one friend we locked in just like that all of a sudden things started to change I didn't understand why we no longer were texting the way we used to we no longer were calling each other the way we used to the connection was off I didn't see that the connection was off I was completely oblivious to it I looked at it as you know maybe because of her major she's probably busy because of that I always gave her grace Through My Lens how I viewed her I never looked at anything she did was negative until she contacted me she didn't contact me to check in on me but she contacted me in regards to some boy did assistance with some help or whatever the case may have been I was like taken aback by it because we haven't talked to each other in quite some time but yet you are calling me me for this other individual and I felt some type of way I truly did but I didn't show it one thing about me I suppressed my emotions I remain calm I stay quiet I leave it alone so in the midst of that come to find out through a mutual of hours I was being talked about in a negative way personal things that I did share about me it was used to weaponize me in a conversation that I really don't want to get into it's it's just nonsense silly things at one point I didn't even want to believe it I'm like why would she even say something like that I can't even see her in that light if it was said if this is true did I do something wrong I was starting to blame me for nothing that I have done the mitual kept coming back to me saying the reason why I'm addressing this to you because at this point it sounds like you did something wrong it started to make me think that you know this must be really serious we had a conversation about what was going on and I felt as though we were beating around the bush and one thing about me is let's stop guessing let's stop assuming let's stop sugar coating it let's be direct about it so we can correct it because I'm trying to save this this friendship that we have that listen let's talk about what's going on I'm hearing that you're talking about me in a negative light things start coming out her mouth she starts saying things the mutual starts saying what was going on and said stop lying you know you said this and said that and I said listen we're adults here she finally admitted what she had said she said that things will never be the same and ever since she said that it really sat with me and I was like okay you know what you're telling me in other words that you weren't even willing to repair whatever misunderstanding that we both had on each other's end so I decided to flip the script and say you know what I apologize for whatever I have done to be the bigger person mentally now I've checked out you gave me enough time to realize that I was putting 100% in this friendship that we've had and you were putting potentially maybe 40 or 50 and it was understandable cuz I see why I had a lot more emotions and she didn't she didn't care and when I say losing friendships is like the worst it's like a breakup I decided I'm done with this friendship I had to let it go if I didn't tell her I ended it I just kept my distance you know we've outgrown each other and that's completely okay come to find out the mutual at the time eventually told me that she ends up saying Serena was a true friend to me than anyone else was and she even admitted and said that to me prior to all the things that we've experienced and and I was like you realized that too late I've tried to repair but you didn't it took for me to leave and walk away for you to realize that I was a true friend and then I had this other friend who was just only using me for homework like I'm thinking me and her we cool we like besties every time I would see her she'll be distant she would just just be around when she needed and wanted something and if I did something for her she feels guilty so she'll do something and and I'm like yeah that is not authentic I do it because of the kindness of my heart she even said Serena you are a genuine Soul you're just too nice if I genuinely with you then that's what I'm going to do I'm not going to give you you know a percentage like 50% I'm going to give you 100 because that's how I am so when she said that I was like yeah you know something's not right here she she moving kind of funny what I'm basically trying to say whenever people are exiting your life that's a blessing when God replaces one thing he replaces it with something better and greater and looking back at everything I'm very grateful this happened it taught me to prioritize genuine connections and to lose and let go of relationships that no longer serve me but what I've learned through this whole experience not everyone has good intention so sometimes people come into your life not to build you up but to take whatever you have and once they have completed their mission which is taking everything anything from you to leave you in a split second and the next lesson is one-sided relationships aren't true friendship friendship should be about Mutual support I give 100% you give 100% it's mutual it's not a one-sided situation I've learned to recognize the signs of a one-sided relationship set boundaries to protect my energy the next one is growth reveals true friend when your life changes whether it's a job you're moving you're changing your major whatever it is in your life that's that involves your growth true friends at that will support you and grow with you not go against you the next lesson I've learned confrontation can be eye openening if you do have a friend that you want to repair a relationship with confront them about whatever is going on let them know what's bothering you whatever issues that you're experiencing if they're not able to be honest and they're just very dismissive then that's probably somebody you want to just let go because if this person does not want to be honest about what's going on or their feelings then there's something wrong there it speaks volume and it shows you their true colors because honey I've seen their true colors the next one is value yourself your worth is so important I saw my worth true friends value your worth know what you deserve in your life so you won't accept just anyone in your circle circle and a real true friend they would respect that and they would prioritize you just like you prioritize yourself last but not least better connections are ahead throughout all the toxic friendships that I've experienced I realized that I've learned so many lessons better connections are ahead I've met some great amazing people that check in on me uh on a weekly basis just to say hi they share light into me they share tips they exud positive energy just like me so the people that are in my life now and if they're watching this video I thank you you know who you are you know who you are they know on that note you guys I will see you guys in the next video I hope you guys enjoyed me spilling my tea because I did spill some tea until next time you guys peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @KatieKamrad [2 likes]: Same I lost all my friends in my forties and fifties. I’m 52. Some of these people I knew since grade school. It taught me a lot. They were never my friends. I haven’t had any friends since 2017. I mostly hang with my mom and by myself and focus on work and achieving my goals. I’m not expecting friends in my life anymore. I also haven’t had a man in 13 yrs and been mostly just by myself, never married no kids live by myself. I’ve learned by force to enjoy my own company and make the most of my life by myself. Women are catty and judgmental and most in groups are mean girl. I don’t vibe with that
  2. @arbeitsaccount619 [1 likes]: I had the biggest glowup after this cannon event
  3. @littlestrawberry2728 [1 likes]: It was such a blessing for them to gtfo of my life
  4. @kaylingreen216: What’s the soundtrack in the back? It’s so good 😭
  5. @priscillashine7211: True that..
  6. @michelleingram9369: You look awesome!!! Nice clean and fresh!!!
  7. @michelleingram9369: I agree. Thank you for Repping!!!! Yes keep it 100 % and much love to you and yours!!!!
  8. @Loveis42: I’m so glad this happened to me cause I would’ve still been stuck in delulu land. I accept what happened & let it go with love & peace. More doors are opening for what’s truly good for my soul & aligned with me ♥️
  9. @GranierBruffee: The creative ideas presented here made this upload stand out from similar videos online.
  10. @lauralangham9657: Why does everyone hold the tiny microphone ?  is that some kind of flex ?  doesn't your arm get tired ?  why not just clip to your top
  11. @TheFairestBlonde: ❤ too nice, they must love toxic
  12. @Doingmybest700: If you treat someone with kindness and they tell you you’re “too nice” you should probably cut them off asap
  13. @HerbCulture: Good video! I would suggest different background music that go with the video tho
  14. @eabay2102: I didn't realize we have a "no friends" club, sign me up! On a serious note, I have no tolerance for any half friendships. I feel free and more sure of myself. 

Get rid of anyone who doesn't value you as a person!
  15. @CosmicCanna: my friend left me and it destroyed me. but I'm honestly more hurt that they didn't even give me the chance to say my peace. they just shut the door in my face. I know my worth and I know what I deserve. I appreciate this video.
  16. @Marcus_Martinusfp: So, I have this only one friend at school. Our friendship kinda starts to fall apart and if I lose her I would be lonely as hell. And I just don't know...
  17. @Ellathequeen-e2y: This happend to me
  18. @DonnyRicklesJr: Let me guess.... Stay out of the cockpit until the alcohol has worn off.
  19. @heatherlicious8224: I feel like I’m always left confused at what happened and I’m always apologizing in case I did something and asking if we can speak like adults and they just ignore my messages.  It hurts I thought we were all closer than that.
  20. @ayepeezzy: Same, allot of people walked out my life and now I’m completely solo …

- HIS FRIENDS WARNED HIM - EVERYONE SAID NO - $485,000 LOST!! 🇵🇭: Kind: captions Language: en every man in that bar had been there before him not in the same chair not with the same woman but with the same look the look of a man who stopped listening to the people who loved him most because the woman sitting across from him felt more important than anyone's warning Gary Millward was 67 years old retired engineer Angeles City Philippines his friends told him his son told him his ex wife told him from three time zones away every single person in his life looked him in the eye and said something is wrong and he lost 485,000 dollar finding out they were right the night I put my head in my hands at that bar Phil put his arm around my shoulder and didn't say a word he didn't have to his silence said everything his mouth had already said six months earlier when I still had a chance to listen Ray was sitting across from me with his arms folded shaking his head in the slow disappointed way of a man who is too tired to say I told you so out loud and knows he doesn't need to I had a half empty San Miguel in front of me four empties already pushed to the edge of the table my wedding ring was in my pocket not because I was married anymore I hadn't been for nine years but because I'd been wearing it in the Philippines out of some idea that it made me look less like a target that idea had not worked I sat in that bar and I tried to remember when exactly I had stopped being the kind of man who listened to his friends when I had decided that my own need my own hunger for something I couldn't name precisely was more reliable than 40 years of friendship between men who had seen me at my best and my worst and still showed up I couldn't find the moment that's the honest answer there wasn't one moment there was a long slow drift away from every voice that was trying to keep me safe toward the voice of a woman named Soledad Reyes who was 41 years old and worked as a property agent in Angeles City and who had from the very first week understood something about me that I had not yet understood about myself she understood that I was available not in the romantic sense not initially available in the deeper sense the sense of a man whose defenses have been worn down not by any single event but by years of accumulated smallness years of retirement that didn't feel like freedom years of an empty house in Portland Oregon that I had bought to grow old in with someone and was now growing old in alone years of phone calls with my son Kevin that were shorter than I wanted them to be and apart than felt right calls that ended with both of us promising to talk more and neither of us quite managing it years of being fine in a way it meant I had stopped expecting anything more I had come to Angela City for the second time when I met Soledad the first trip had been eight months before that a month long visit with Phil who had retired there three years earlier and who had built a life among the expat community that centered around a small bar he co owned on Fields Avenue Phil was American like me Ex Air Force had met his Filipino wife Rowena not the one on the list his Rowena a different woman entirely in the late 90s when he was stationed nearby and had never really left the orbit of the place he was my oldest friend going back to college in Oregon and he had told me for years that I should come out and see what life felt like when it wasn't organized raised around obligation my first trip had been good genuinely good I liked the warmth not just the climate but the warmth of daily life the way people in Angola City talk to strangers the food that was simple and extraordinary the general sense of a city that was operating at a human pace rather than the automated pace I associated with Portland I liked Phil's Bar the expat community that gathered there the complicated mix of people who had come from all over the western world and found in this particular corner of the Philippines some version of what they needed some of them were running from something some of them were running towards something most of them were doing both and nobody judged anybody else for it which was its own kind of relief I went home after that first month and spent four months in Portland thinking about going back thinking about what it would mean to spend more time there or to base myself there for a portion of each year I had the financial means I had retired at 63 after 31 years as a structural engineer with a firm in Portland sold the business interest I'd accumulated over those years and had a retirement position that was comfortable without being extravagant my ex wife Donna I had her portion from the divorce settlement and we were on reasonable terms the reasonable terms of two people who had been honest enough with each other to admit the marriage had had become a habit rather than a choice Kevin was in Denver doing well in his own life not needing anything from me materially the house in Portland was paid for the numbers worked I went back to Angela's City in the October of the following year this time I rented an apartment rather than staying in a hotel because I wanted to see what the city felt like from the inside rather than the outside I had told Phil I was coming and he had with the particular caution of a man who has watched this pattern play out many times in his expat community said Gary come but come with your eyes open I had told him my eyes were always open he had said that's what they all say I met holiday at a property viewing she was the agent showing a condominium unit in a development near the Clark Freeport Zone that Phil had suggested might be worth looking at as an investment property a small unit that could be rented to other expats if I decided to formalize my time in the Philippines she showed me through the unit with a professional ease answered my questions about rental yields and development management and when we got to the end of the viewing and I asked where the nearest good coffee was she pointed to a place two streets away and said she was heading there herself if I wanted to walk that was how it started walking to a coffee shop nothing that required any decision any deliberation any weighing of options just a property viewing that ended with coffee and coffee that went on for an hour and a half longer than coffee needs to go on if it's actually about coffee Soledad was good at conversation in a way that I noticed and should have examined more carefully than I did she asked questions that were specific rather than generic not where are you from and what do you do but what made me choose structural engineering over architecture when the two are so closely related and whether retirement had felt like freedom or like falling off a cliff I answered the second question honestly more honestly than I had said it to anyone in Portland including Phil when he asked by phone I said it had felt like both in alternating doses and that the falling feeling had not entirely gone away in four years of retirement she said she understood that that she had watched her father retire from the provincial govern in Pampanga and spends six months unable to find his footing and that it had frightened her because he was such a capable man and she had never seen him uncertain before that specificity the father the provincial government the visible uncertainty of a capable man made the answer feel real rather than sympathetic I believed her the believing happened fast and should happened slower we had coffee twice more that week on the third coffee she mentioned without apparent agenda that she sometimes helped foreign clients not just with property purchases but with broader investment planning connecting them with developers and land opportunities that weren't listed on the standard market but that she had access to through her professional network she said it carefully in the way of someone who is not pushing something but making sure an available door is visible I said that was interesting she said she could share some details if I wanted I said sure I want to be precise about what happened over the following three months because precision is the thing I owe to Phil to Ray and to Kevin all of whom asked precise questions that I answered imprecisely because precision would have required me to look at things I had chosen not to look at the first investment opportunity Soledad brought me was a land parcel in a development corridor outside Clark that she said was being acquired in advance of a major infrastructure project she had documentation land title copies a project overview from a developer she said was registered and legitimate projected appreciation figures based on comparable corridor developments in Metro Manila the amount she said was needed to secure the parcel was $42,000 she didn't pressure me she showed me the materials explained the opportunity in clear terms and said the decision was entirely mine and that she had other client interested if I wasn't I sat with it for a week asked her several follow up questions and then transferred $42,000 to the account she provided Phil found out about it the following week not because I told him I hadn't told him which was the first real symptom of the thing that was happening but because Angela's city is a small expat world and small expat worlds have their own information circulation he came to my apartment on a Tuesday afternoon and he said Gary I heard you bought some land with Soledad Reyes his voice was neutral but his eyes were not neutral I said I had made an investment yes he said how much I told him he was quiet for a moment then he said how well do you know her I said I knew her well enough to be comfortable with the decision he said that's not the same as well enough I told him I appreciated his concern and that I had done my due diligence he said what due diligence I said I had reviewed the documentation he said Gary documentation in this market can be fabricated for about $200 did you have a lawyer review the title I said I had not he said did you check the developer's SEC registration I said I had not he looked at me for a long time and then he said I'm going to ask you something and I need you to be honest is this just about the investment I said of course it was just about the investment he said good because if it's not you need to slow down about three speeds I told him the investment was the investment and the relationship was the relationship and they were separate that sentence was not entirely false and not entirely true and I knew it when I said it which means I was already at the 42,000 dollar Mark in the territory of choosing what I wanted to be true over what I knew to be true Ray came around the same time Phil did though I think separately and not in coordination Ray was Australian had been in Angeles City for eight years ran a small construction consulting operation and had the particular steadiness of a man who had Learned his lessons about this place the hard way in his first two years and was now eight years in someone other newcomers listened to he and Phil were close and he and I had become friends during my first visit he sat down across from me and said without preamble tell me about Soledad I told him what I'd told Phil he listened without interruption and then said has she talked to you about other investments yet I said she had mentioned some possibilities he said how many properties has she actually sold I mean to verified buyers completed sales documented I said I didn't know specifically I've been here eight years I've seen a lot of property agents the good ones have a trail names you can call completed transactions you can check have you called anyone who bought from her I said no he said that's the first thing you do before the second one I did not do the first thing before the second one the second investment came six weeks after the first another land parcel this time inside the Clark Freeport Zone boundary which Soledad said was even more strategically valuable because of the zone's special economic status the documentation was more elaborate more pages more official looking seals a more detailed projected return schedule the amount was $78,000 by this point Soledad and I had been having dinner together twice a week and the coffee meetings and the dinners had settled into something that had the rhythm and the texture of a relationship without either of us having used that word she was warm and engaged and consistently interesting and the parts of me that had been running on low for four years of retirement were receiving something they needed and that need was making my judgment perform below its actual capacity I did not tell Phil about the second investment until after I had made it when I told him he sat in silence for longer than Phil usually sits in silence which is not very long then he said Gary how much is she getting from you in total I said it wasn't like that that these were legitimate investment decisions he said how much total I told him he said and you've verified the first parcel is actually in your name and legally registered I said I had the documentation he said that's not what I asked I had not verified the first parcel I had the documentation and I had not verified the documentation these are the same kind of not the same thing that I kept constructing during this period and that I am no longer interested in constructing in hindsight Kevin called from Denver around this time his mother Donna had mentioned to him that she had heard I was spending a lot of time in the Philippines and that she was a little concerned Kevin was careful on the phone careful in the way of a son who has Learned that being too direct with his father produces defensive distance and that careful questions reach places direct challenges don't he asked how the trip was going I said well he asked what I'd been up to I said exploring the area looking at some investment opportunities he asked what kind of investments I described them in general terms he was quiet for a moment and then said dad are you doing this with someone you're seeing I said I was doing it with a property agent who was professional and well connected he said are you also seeing her I said it was complicated he said dad just my name just that and in the way he said it I heard everything he had decided not to say and I understood it and I went on doing what I was doing the third investment came at the eight month Mark a residential development project not a land parcel this time but an actual construction project outside the Clark Zone a boutique development of eight units that Soledad said a developer she worked with regularly was financing in phases and that needed equity from limited partners at this stage she said the returns at completion were projected at 40% above cost she said she personally had a small position in the project the amount to secure my limited partner interest was $145,000 this was the largest single amount by a significant margin and it was I recognized at some level a test not of her character but of mine of how far the drift had gone I agreed to it in three days three days is the shortest deliberation window of any of the investments and it was the largest one Phil and I had a significant argument about it the word argument is accurate we raised our voices which is something we had not done with each other in 40 years of friendship he said the amount was reckless and was comfortable with the risk you're not reviewing documents you're rationalizing decisions you've already made because you're emotionally invested in the person presenting them I said he was projecting he said I've watched 20 men do this in eight years it doesn't end the way you think it ends I told him I was capable of managing my own affairs he said I know you are but right now you're not that was the conversation where I walked out I left Phil's Bar in the middle of the afternoon on a Wednesday and I walked back to my apartment and I sat on the balcony looking at the street below and I thought with a specific clarity of a man who can see exactly what he's doing and has decided to do it anyway that Phil was probably right about some of it and that I was going to proceed regardless because the thing I had found in Salah's company the specific quality of being seen and engaged and present that I had been missing for years was worth more to me at that moment than the voice of my oldest friend that is the decision I am most ashamed of not the money or not only the money the decision to choose a feeling over a friendship to treat Phil's 38 years of knowing me as less reliable than eight months of evenings with a woman I barely understood the fourth investment came four months after the third by this point I had spent nearly a year in the Philippines with periodic returns to Portland that were growing shorter the Portland house felt increasingly foreign to me the life there had a quality of obsolescence of a version of myself that I had outgrown without quite knowing it the Philippines felt alive in the way the Portland life did not and I knew even then that a significant portion of that aliveness was Soledad which meant that what I was building was not a new life but a dependency on one person's warmth and that the two things were not the same and that confusing them was the error at the center of everything the fourth investment was $95,000 an agricultural land opportunity in Nueva Siha that Soledad said was being consolidated for a commercial greenhouse operation she said the provincial governor's office had endorsed the project she showed me a letter the letter looked official by this point Phil and I were speaking but not comfortably the argument we'd had had not fully resolved Ray had taken the approach of quiet availability present when I wanted to talk not pressing when I didn't waiting with the patience of a man who has seen this movie before and knows you can't stop it by running into the screen he told me once simply and without drama Gary I like you and I'm going to be here when this is done I had asked what he meant by when this is done he had said when you need to understand what happened Solidad during this period was consistent in a way I have thought about many times since she did not become more demanding as the investments grew she did not push she maintained the same quality of attention the same warmth the same intelligent engagement with whatever I wanted to talk about as she had from the first coffee in October of the year before that consistency was either character or professionalism and I have not been able to decide with certainty which it was and I have Learned to accept that I may never be able to decide the fifth investment was when things began to visibly change she came to me in the third month after the Nueva Asia commitment with an opportunity she described as time sensitive a resort development on the Baton Coast six units a foreign developer she said she had worked with three times before a closing window of 30 days the amount was $125 she said the developer was moving quickly because a Korean hospitality group had expressed acquisition interest in the completed project and the developer needed to close the equity round before the acquisition discussion made the land price move she said she could vouch for the developer personally she said she had people I could call something in me noticed the difference in this conversation not alarm I don't wanna overstate my perceptiveness at this point because I was not performing well as a perceptive person but a quality of change tempo the 30 day window the acquisition story that added urgency the offer to provide references that felt like an answer to a question I hadn't asked I sat with it for two weeks and during those two weeks I did something I had not done properly for any of the previous investments I tried to verify things I went to the Bureau of Internal Revenue office where a property deal of this scale should have left a documentary trail I asked about the developer's name the person I spoke to was unable to find a registration consistent with the name Soledad had given me I went to the Securities and Exchange Commission satellite office and asked about the developer's corporate registration nothing clear I asked a Filipino accountant I had been introduced to through the expat community to make inquiries through his professional network he came back to me 3 days later and said he had not been able to independently verify the developer's existence as described I brought this to Soledad I sat across from her in the apartment she shared with a colleague in Dow and I told her what I had found or rather what I had not found I was calm about it I was not accusatory I said I had been trying to verify the developer and was running into dead ends and wanted to understand why she had an answer she said the developer operated through a holding company and that the operating entity name I'd been given was a subsidiary that wouldn't show up under a direct search she said she would provide the holding company name and registration she said the BR and SEC Trail would be cleaner once I knew the right entity to search for she sent me a document two days later with a holding company name and a registration number I asked the accountant to check that too he came back and said the holding company appeared to be registered but had no significant transaction history consistent with the kind of development activity she was describing I did not make the fifth investment this was the right decision and it was approximately 10 months and $360,000 late the reason I didn't make it was not entirely about the verification failure part of it was Phil Phil with whom I had been in an uncomfortable half restored friendship since the argument had said something to me about three weeks before the fifth investment conversation that I had filed away and that surfaced during the two weeks I was trying to verify things he had said Gary the worst moment in this kind of situation isn't when you find out something is wrong it's the moment before when you have enough information to know something is wrong but you're still hoping you're misreading it I had said I appreciated the wisdom he had said I'm not offering wisdom I'm telling you what you look like right now when I told Soledad I wasn't proceeding with the fifth investment she was composed not cold not hurt composed she said she understood that the timing wasn't right for everyone that there would be other opportunities her composure in that moment produced in me a feeling that was not relief but something closer to grief because I understood that what I had decided was not just about the fifth investment I understood it had implications for the whole arrangement for what Soledad and I were to each other which was inseparable from what I had given her to build over the previous 10 months I went to Phil's Bar that evening Phil was behind the counter doing what co owners of small bars do in the early evening which is inventory and light conversation with the first arrivals I sat at the bar and I told him I hadn't made the fifth investment he looked at me steadily for a moment and then said good I said I need to understand the first four he said I know he poured two drinks and came out from behind the bar and sat down next to me and we began the conversation that I had been avoiding for 10 months Ray arrived an hour later which may have been coincidence and may not have been I still don't know whether Phil called him he sat across from us and he listened to the part he hadn't heard and then he said without drama how much in total Gary I told him the total $360,000 committed across four investments none of which I had been able to fully verify as represented he absorbed that number the way men absorb large numbers that confirm what they already suspected with a stillness that is the absence of the surprise they don't feel the three of us spent that evening and a significant part of the following two weeks trying to understand the actual status of the four investments Phil connected me with a Filipino lawyer he trusted a woman named Addie Santos who had handled several expat property matters in the Clark area and who was known in the community for her directness Maddie Santa reviewed the documentation I had for all four investments she was methodical and clear and at the end of her review she said Mister Millward I want to be careful about what I tell you because I have not independently verified all of these but my assessment is that two of these four investment documents have significant issues that suggest they may not represent legitimate transactions I asked which two she told me the first land parcel outside Clark $42,000 appeared to have a title that was genuine but that was not registered in my name and showed no evidence of a sale transaction the boutique residential development $145,000 appeared to reference a developer whose registration had lapsed and whose project permits she could find no evidence of the other two she said were more ambiguous possible legitimate investments with documentation gaps or possible fraudulent representations with better quality documentation she said she would need more time to fully assess those she never fully assessed them because two weeks into her investigation Soledad became difficult to reach messages took longer to get responses phone calls went to voicemail and were returned hours later the meetings I proposed were postponed once then twice then not rescheduled it was not a sudden disappearance nothing so dramatic or obvious it was a slow withdrawal calibrated to produce maximum ambiguity maximum room for me to tell myself that she was busy that her schedule was full that this was a temporary gap and not the ending I was beginning to understand it was the last time I spoke to Soledad directly was by phone on a Thursday morning I had been trying to reach her for five days she answered on the third attempt sounding normal sounding like herself in every register I had Learned to recognize over 10 months she said she had been managing a difficult family situation in Pampanga she said she was sorry for the delays and that she would call me back that weekend to reschedule she sounded completely like a person who intended to call back that weekend she did not call back that weekend the following week her number went to a recorded message that said the number was not available the property agency phone number the one on her original business card rang without answer for three consecutive days and then went silent Phil and Ray were with me when I understood it was done not in a dramatic moment there was no single moment of revelation it was just the morning when I sat with the documentation from Addie Santos and the unreturned calls and the disconnected number and accepted the picture they made together I called Phil and asked if he and Ray could come by they both came within the hour Phil made coffee and Ray sat with the documentation and neither of them said the thing they had a right to say Phil said eventually what do you need right now I said I needed to understand what I could still recover and what I couldn't Ray said Addy Santos is the person for the first question for the second question you already know the answer I said I knew he said then we deal with what's recoverable the subsequent assessment took several months Addy Santos filed complaints with the appropriate authorities an NBI investigation was initiated the four investments were examined individually and in combination the conclusions were difficult and not surprising of the $360,000 I had committed approximately $85,000 could be considered potentially recoverable through the civil process though recovery timelines were uncertain the remaining $275,000 was assessed as effectively lost either directed into non existent investments diverted from legitimate investment accounts before transfer or structured in ways that made tracing through Philippine financial mechanisms extremely difficult the additional $125,000 in the title figure represents the costs I incurred during the investigation legal fees and two transactions from earlier in my time in the Philippines smaller amounts I had spent on introductory activities that formed part of the broader pattern Addie Santos identified the full $485,000 is the number that the title gives and the number I have accepted as the accurate accounting of what this cost me I called Kevin in Denver the night after Addie Santos gave me the full preliminary assessment it was late in Denver I had calculated the time difference and then called anyway because I needed to hear his voice and because the alternative was sitting alone in the apartment with the number he answered recognized something in how I said his name and said tell me I told him the full version from the first coffee to the disconnected phone number he listened without interrupting for a long time when I finished he said dad are you okay I said I was not immediately okay but that I would be he said what do you need I said right now I needed him to know and not to say anything that would require me to respond in a complicated way so he said okay I'm not saying anything complicated I'm just here we stayed on the phone for another 20 minutes without talking much that was worth something that was worth a significant something Donna called the following week Kevin had told her which I had expected and did not resent she said she was sorry she said it in the tone of a woman who has known someone for decades and understands the specific ways they are vulnerable and is sorry that this vulnerability was found not sorry in a pitying way in an honest way she said Gary you were always someone who needed to be needed that's not a flaw it just makes you findable by people who are looking for that I should have been better at letting you feel needed when we were together I said that was kind but more complicated than she needed to carry she said I know I just wanted to say it we talked for another half hour about things that had nothing to do with any of this which was its own form of kindness I have been doing the work of understanding my own part in this for the months since it resolved and I want to be honest about that work rather than presenting a version that sounds more resolved than it is the money part I can talk about in a structured way the legal process is proceeding at the pace legal processes in this context proceed Addy Santos remains engaged there may be partial recovery probably not full recovery and my financial position going forward is significantly reduced from what it was the Portland House is paid for I have reserves I am not in a desperate position and I am aware that not being in a desperate position is itself a form of luck that I didn't earn through any wisdom I displayed during the relevant period I am 67 years old and the financial picture going forward requires careful management but allows for a functional retirement without the margin I had anticipated I am working on accepting that without resentment which is going better some days than others the solidad part is harder to talk about in a structured way because it resists structure I do not know and may never know the full picture of what Soledad intended from the beginning versus what she found as she went the investments were fraudulent or largely fraudulent Addie Santos's assessment makes that clear whether the relationship was a deliberate vehicle for the fraud from the first coffee or whether it became that over time or whether she held both things simultaneously in a way that allowed her to feel something genuine while also extracting something financial I cannot determine that from where I sit I have considered all three possibilities and I have Learned to hold them as unresolved rather than forcing a conclusion that makes the story cleaner than it actually was what I can say with confidence is that the need she found in me was real the loneliness was real the hunger for engagement and presence and the specific feeling of being seen by another person after years of being competently invisible to myself all of that was real and it was what made the financial judgments I made possible I was not robbed in spite of my good judgment I was robbed through my good judgment's temporary suspension which was made possible by the specific quality of attention Soledad brought to every conversation we had real or performed or some mixture of both it was effective it found the exact dimension of me that was available to be found Phil and I repaired the argument it took a while and it required me to say things that were not easy to say specifically that I had known he was right and had walked out anyway and that walking out had been a choice I made consciously and that the consequences of it were mine to carry Phil said he knew and that the walking out had not changed anything about the friendship he said 40 years is longer than 10 months he said that's not a small thing to know I was working on understanding how not small it was Ray said something to me about three months after the investigation concluded that I have thought about regularly since we were at Phil's Bar a quiet weeknight just the three of us after the other customers had left Ray said Gary I wanna ask you something and I want you to think before you answer when Phil warned you when Kevin warned you when your ex wife was worried what was the thing inside you that dismissed all of it I sat with that for a while then I said I think I believed that what I had found was worth more than what I might lose and I think I believed that because what I had found felt so specifically like what I had been missing that the idea of letting go of it to be safe felt like too high a price Ray said that's the most honest thing I've heard you say about this I said maybe that was it was the most honest thought I'd had about it he said keep going with that it'll get you somewhere useful I am still going with that it is getting me somewhere that might eventually be useful though the journey is not fast and does not move in a straight line I am back in Portland now at least for this stretch the apartment in Angola City I did not renew a practical decision but also a decision about not building a life around the geography of a wound Phil's Bar is still there Phil calls every couple of weeks Ray sends messages when something in the Philippines news makes him think of the conversation Kevin came to Portland in December and stayed for five days which was longer than his usual visits we talked about more things than we have talked about in years including some things about what I had been like as a father that were uncomfortable and important and that I am glad we said I have not heard from or found Soledad the NBI has not been able to locate her for the purposes of the investigation which I am told is not unusual and which I have accepted as the condition of the landscape I was navigating whatever she took and wherever she went I am not going to reconstruct myself around the question of where that is the lesson that people want to take from stories like this is usually some version of listen to your friends don't let your feelings override your judgment verify before you invest all of these are true and all of them are insufficient because the kind of situation I was in was not one where the problem was insufficient information Phil told me Ray told me Kevin told me Donna worried Addie Santos existed and I could have consulted her a year earlier than I did the information was available the warnings were there the real problem was that I had decided in some quiet part of myself that I had not examined carefully enough that the need I felt was more authoritative than the people who loved me that the specific texture of what Soledad's attention gave me was more valuable than 40 years of friendship and whatever remained of a marriage that had ended honestly and a relationship with a son I was not seeing enough of I made that trade I made it eyes open at least partially open over a series of months in which I had repeated opportunities to make a different one that is the thing I am working on now in Portland in the house that is paid for and quiet and full of the light of a city I was born near and that I have never entirely managed to make feel like home not managing Solidad's legacy in my financial accounts though that work is ongoing managing the question of what it means to have dismissed the people who cared about me most clearly in favor of a feeling that turned out to be at least in part someone else's instrument I do not have an answer that satisfies me I have the question which is where all honest work begins and I have Phil calling every couple of weeks and I have Kevin coming to visit longer than usual and I have the particular quality of a friendship that survived a year of me not listening to it and came out the other side still intact that is not nothing that is actually in the accounting of a 67 year old man in a paid for house in Portland trying to understand what he is worth without the professional identity that organized him for 31 years quite a lot the bar in Angela's City is open tonight Phil is probably behind the counter some other man is probably sitting in a seat I recognize listening to a woman who has found with the precision of someone who knows how to look exactly the thing inside him that is available I hope someone in that bar is talking to him I hope he is listening there is something I want to say about Phil that I haven't said yet because it belongs in the honest version of this story and I have been sorting out how to say it without making it sound like a tribute to a friend rather than an honest accounting of what happened between us Phil was right about Soledad from early on not because he had information I didn't have he didn't not because he was wiser or more perceptive than me in any general sense we had known each other for 40 years and I knew where his judgment was better than mine and where it wasn't he was right because he was standing outside the thing I was standing inside and outside and inside are different Vantage points that produce different conclusions from the same set of facts when I was inside the thing inside the warmth of Soledad's attention inside the feeling of being engaged and present and necessary in a way I hadn't felt in years the investments looked like investments they looked like decisions I was making with my own agency based on my own assessment of the opportunities she was presenting from the inside the pattern of escalating amounts was not a pattern it was a series of separate decisions each of which had its own internal logic each transfer had a reason each reason had documentation the documentation had answered the questions I had asked of it and the questions I asked were the questions of a man who wanted the answers to be reassuring from the outside Phil could see what I couldn't he could see the pattern he could see the escalation he could see the absence of independent verification he could see the way my defensiveness when he asked questions was itself a sign that I understood at some level that the questions were finding something real he could see all of this and he told me about it directly and I walked out of his bar on a Wednesday afternoon and chose a feeling over 40 years I have thought a lot about that walking out it was not impulsive I want to be clear about that because the impulsive version is easier to understand and it's not the accurate version I walked out of Phil's bar knowing I was walking out knowing why knowing what I was choosing I made a deliberate decision that the discomfort of hearing Phil's assessment was less bearable than the discomfort of the doubt that his assessment would create if I stayed and let it land I left to protect the feeling not because I was blind to the warning that deliberateness is the thing I have to carry not the error of inattention the error of attention of seeing the warning clearly and overriding it I have been in therapy since returning to Portland not crisis therapy just the quiet regular kind and with a therapist I found through my doctor a woman in her 50s who has a practice in the Pearl District and who takes the approach of asking good questions and waiting as long as necessary for the honest answers she asked me early in our sessions what I thought I had been looking for in the Philippines I said I had been looking for the feeling of being alive in a specific way that Portland had not been providing she asked what specifically alive meant I said it meant being engaged with something that required my full attention that made me feel that the version of me showing up that day was the necessary version the one with things to offer that would be missed if I weren't there she said that was a very specific kind of alive she said where else in your life could that be found that question is still open working on it Kevin and I have a standing call now Thursday evenings which is more than twice what we were doing before any of this he initiated it not me which matters and which I told him he said dad you were isolated for too long I should have noticed that sooner I said that wasn't his job he said you're my father some of it is my job we argued about that in the way that fathers and sons argue about the distribution of responsibility which is to say inconclusively and warmly and both of us came out of it with something we hadn't had going in Donna and I have had a series of conversations since all of this happened that are different from the conversations we were having before not different in subject we had covered most subjects in the years of divorce and occasional contact since different in register she said something to me in November that I want to include here because it is the truest thing anyone said to me during this entire period and it came from the most unexpected direction she said Gary I think you went to the Philippines because you were lonely in a way that you didn't know how to say to anyone who was close enough to actually help I think that loneliness started before the retirement and possibly before the divorce and I don't know what to do with my part in that except to say that I see it now and I'm sorry I didn't see it earlier when it might have made a difference I sat with that for a long time before I said anything then I said it was one of the most generous things she had ever said to me and that she was more right than I knew how to fully respond to and that I was going to think about it for a long time she said that's enough the financial situation worked out carefully with my accountant in Portland over the past months looks like this the $485,000 represents approximately 40% of the liquid retirement capital I had at the point I began this process what remains managed carefully provides a sustainable retirement at a reduced level of comfort the Portland house which is paid for provides stability Social Security continues a partial recovery that Addie Sentosa's process may produce would be a meaningful addition if it arrives and I am neither counting on it nor writing it off I am living within what I have and finding to my moderate surprise that living within a smaller financial range is less disorienting than I expected I had more margin than I needed before I have enough now enough is not the same as comfortable margin but it is genuinely enough and there is a quality of attention to ordinary things that the reduced margin produces that I have found in unexpected moments to be its own form of richness I wanna say something about Angela's city that is not about Soledad because the city and the woman are two different things and I am not willing to reduce one to the other Angeles City is a real place with real people who live real lives that have nothing to do with what happened to me there Phil built something genuine in that city Ray built something genuine the expat community is full of complicated people making complicated decisions some of which work out and some of which don't in a country that is not responsible for the decisions any more than Portland is responsible for the decisions people make there I do not carry resentment for the Philippines I carry if I am honest about what I carry a kind of sorrow for the version of myself who arrived there looking for something real and found something that was real in some of its dimensions and not real in others and who could not in the moment tell the difference that inability is what I am most committed to understanding not as self punishment I have done enough of that in the months since this ended and it has not produced anything useful as honest examination the inability to tell the difference between real warmth and performed warmth in that specific moment and context was not a random failure of perception it was produced by something by years of a specific kind of isolation by the particular quality of loneliness that accumulates quietly in a paid for house in a good city where nothing is wrong and nothing is enough by the slow reduction of a man who had organized himself around work and competence for 31 years and then found that without the work the competence had no stage to stand on by all of those things meeting in October in a city I had chosen specifically because it felt alive a person who had studied what that accumulated hunger looked like and knew exactly how to present herself to it I am not saying I had no responsibility I am saying the responsibility sits inside a context and the context matters for understanding it accurately and understanding it accurately is the only thing that makes the carrying of it sustainable Phil's Bar is still open he texted me last week with a photo of the sign new paint same name same spot on Fields Avenue he said the regulars asked about me I said to tell them I was doing fine he said are you I said I was getting there which was more accurate than fine and less dramatic than the full truth he sent back a thumbs up and then a minute later come back sometime not to find something just to visit I said I'd think about it he sent that's enough it is enough most days right now enough is what I have and enough is what I'm working with the people who warned me are still there that is the thing I did not earn and cannot account for by any fair assessment of what I deserved and that I wake up grateful for on the days when gratitude is possible and that I hold quietly on the days when it isn't 67 years old Portland Oregon smaller than planned more honest than before still here still listening finally listening

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeithRobertson-h1h: 😂 😢 I don't  know to feel sorry  for you or laugh. ❤
  2. @JCMONTECARLO: Yanks.  Lol
  3. @mrmelmba: In his mind Gary always knew that the cost of securing his acquaintance with Soledad was agreeing to the opportunities she presented. Other investments might yield the same or higher returns without the perks, which was her companionship. He did not investigate their legitimacy for the very same reason or consider that he was already financially comfortable and did not need to invest at all. The urgency inherent in the final offer was also a signal that either way she was about to disappear with the lesser sum if he declined or the larger amount if he accepted. I know that soledad meant something in Spanish, believing that it was a financial term solely, but the translator says it means loneliness.
  4. @myanbeach: “I was 68, she was 24,” haha. 

 It’s not rocket science gents, you’re an ATM!

Keep things sexual; never give her money!

When she gets emotional at your refusal, move on; find another.  Rinse and repeat.

I’m living and working in Vietnam if you require more advice.
  5. @louelaine6539: Sold-a- dad